THE

Statutes at Large,

From the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD,

To the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time.

WITH A COPIOUS INDEX.

Being an ELEVENTH VOLUME to Mr. Runnington's Edition,

and a FIFTEENTH to Mr. Ruffhead's.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty:

And by Andrew Strahan and William Woodfall, Law Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXXXIX

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 26 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of his Majesty's European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

2. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

4. An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; and for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respell to certain Articles therein mentioned.

5. An Act to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act to enable the Persons therein named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

9. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain; for repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament, for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

12. An Act for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for supplying the said Town with fresh and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appointing additional Market Places and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town.

13. An Act to continue and render more effectual so much of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

14. An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey.

15. An Act for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of Liverpool.

16. An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company.

17. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes. Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Tewkesbury, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and for widening some Part of the Street called Church Street, within the said Town.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tilmanstone, Betshanger, Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent.

19. An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts made in the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Work-house, certain Surplus Monies, which have formerly arisen by the Assessment for raising the Land Tax in the said Town; and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

20. An Act to amend and render effectual, two Acts of the ninth and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

21. An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton.

22. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, Walmer Ash next Sandwich, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone next Wingham, Chillenden, Nonnington, Woodnesborough otherwise Winsborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Elmestone, Preston next Wingham, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, in the County of Kent.

23. An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

24. An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places within the same; and for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

26. An Act to amend and render more effectual the several Laws now in force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions.

27. An Act for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron, and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland, to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned.

28. An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the County of Essex.

29. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, under certain Restrictions therein limited.

30. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal to Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

32. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

33. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

34. An Act for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for thirty and twenty-nine Years.

35. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for authoring the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed to the Officers and Men on board any of his Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy."

36. An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock-Salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the Quantity of British refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island, as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place whatever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever.

37. An Act for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge.

38. An Act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Claim of Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cases of such Imprisonment; and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners.

39. An Act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Places, and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein; and for regulating the publick Markets, and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire.

40. An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods.

41. An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Streights.

42. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain.

43. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

44. An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

45. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

46. An Act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

47. An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money, and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh; for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof; and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges.

48. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the same, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the judges of the Courts of Section, Justiciary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissary Court of Edinburgh.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned; and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same.

50. An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery.

51. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties.

52. An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, and for the Ease of the fair Trader; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations, and the United States of America.

53. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth; and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the permitting the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is sold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from his Majesty's Colonies in America.

54. An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Stamp Office rateable to the Land Tax, in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Dane and Saint Mary le Strand, in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place.

55. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County.

56. An Act for obliging Overseers of the Poor to make turns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor.

57. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies; and for the more easy Proof, in certain cases, of Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain or India.

58. An Act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all Charitable Donations, for the Benefit of Poor Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England.

59. An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

60. An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

61. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

62. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by a Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock.

63. An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Seamen on board any of his Majesty's Ships.

64. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

65. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

66. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

67. An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

68. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

69. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

70. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money cut of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

71. An Act for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses.

72. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

73. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

74. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets.

75. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

76. An Act for repealing so much of two Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards of a limited Price.

77. An Act to limit a Time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise; and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

78. An Act for better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain.

79. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; and for making certain Provisions respecting Oaths to be administered by the Commissioners for the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under their Management.

80. An Act for further continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, relating to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

81. An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

82. An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any foreign Kingdom or State from Loss by Fire.

83. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

84. An Act to impower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions.

85. An Act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage.

86. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the Acts of the Masters or Mariners; and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships.

87. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee-farm and other unimproveable Rents.

88. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to his Majesty and this Country.

89. An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

90. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt to be used in manuring of Lands, as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt or Salt Rock, or Brine or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty-free.

91. An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating Mad-houses.

92. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money, by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Publick Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices;" so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

93. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

94. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on his Majesty's Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, and for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

95. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

96. An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Warren Hastings Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not he discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

97. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

98. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Offices, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

99. An Act to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the Issues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made for the Payment of certain Pensions at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

100. An Act to prevent occasional Inhabitants from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for Cities and Boroughs in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales.

101. An Act for erecting certain Light-houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

102. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the several Roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts.

103. An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Office for victualling his Majesty's Navy, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices to the Land Tax, in the Manor of East Smithfield, in the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Office into any other Division or Place.

104. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey.

105. An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office respectively, rateably to the Land Tax, in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place.

106. An Act for incorporating certain Persons therein named, by the Name and Stile of The British Society for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, and build thereon free Towns, Villages, and fishing Stations in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for other Purposes.

107. An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

108. An Act for explaining, amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

109. An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society to be called the Clyde Marine Society; for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs; and for levying certain Duties from Shipmasters and others, for that Purpose.

110. An Act for supplying North Shields, and the Shipping reporting thereto, with Water.

111. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining; and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary); and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple-Street in the said City.

112. An Act for raising a competent Sum of Money to defray the Expence of a proper Number of Watchmen, Patrols, and Beedles, within the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster.

113. An Act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh; for opening a Communication from Queen's Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the Burial Ground; and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton.

114. An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

115. An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking in the County of Essex; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking.

116. An Act for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester; and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now standing therein; and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances.

117. An Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Church of All Saints, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the Church-yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

118. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Folkestone, and the Parishes of Folkestone, Cheriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham, Paddlesworth, Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge, in the County of Kent.

119. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight; and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future, Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

120. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and preventing of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for laying out two new Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discontinuing the Passage through Globe Alley; and for shutting up in the Night Time the Way leading from Clink Street, in the said Liberty, to the River Side.

121. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

122. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market Cross, in the Town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the County of Dorset.

123. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset.

124. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike Road at or near Langley Mill, in the said County.

125. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth, and Darnall, to the North-east End of Attercliffe, in the County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

126. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Liverpool to Preston, in the County of Lancaster.

127. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from The Little Bridge, over the End of the Drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper’s Fields, and The Bell Inn, in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of The Bear, in Walsoken, in the County of Norfolk; and from Walsoken Bridge, lying over the same Drain, to the said Sign of The Bear, and to Lord’s Bridge, in Islington; and from thence to the West Ends of Maudlin Bridge and German’s Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; and from the East End of German’s Bridge aforesaid, to the West End of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the said County of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said County.

128. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near Great Torrington, in the County of Devon.

129. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to and through the Borough of Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall.

130. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford.

131. An Act for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey; and for watching and lighting the said Roads.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term of two Acts of the fifth and ninth Years of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing of the Roads from Wat's Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent.

133. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the fifth and seventh Years of his present Majesty for repairing certain Roads, therein mentioned, leading from Chartteris Ferry to the Town of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Acts mentioned.

134. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at Kipping’s Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonsden and Goudhurst, by the Left Hand Side of Iden Green, to the Turnpike Road on Wilsley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke; and from a Place near Goudhurst Gore, through the Parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said Parish; and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanshutt’s Green, in the County of Kent.

135. An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads adjoining or sear thereto.

136. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year if his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Port Town and Borough of Minehead, and from Dunster and Watchet, in the County of Somerset.

137. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a Place called The Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln.

138. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, and also of two Acts made, one in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the other in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, so far as the said two Acts relate to the Road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln.

139. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the Township of Newton, near Chester, to the South End of Wilderspool causeway, and from the Market Town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the Township of Ashton, in the County of Chester.

140. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Sign of the Coach and Horses in Birstall, to the Turnpike Road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

141. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the County of Nottingham to Hainton, in the County of Lincoln; and from North Willingham to the North End of the Lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Langton; and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge; and from the great Read near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the Hamlet of Morton to Epworth; and from Hexey Field to the Trent, at Kinnald Ferry, in the said County of Lincoln, as relates to the first and second Districts of Roads therein described.

142. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road, from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickering, in the County of York.

143. An Act to continue the Term of two Acts made in the thirteenth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

144. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the City of York, by Grimston Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston Smithy aforesaid to a certain Gate at the upper End of Garraby Hill, in the County of York.

145. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Town of Tenterden, to and over Bull Green, and to and through the Town of Great Chart, to a House known by the Sign of the Castle, at the Entrance of the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also the Road leading from Bull Green aforesaid through High Halden, to Dashmanden, in the Parish of Biddenden, in the said County of Kent.

146. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Corner, and several other Roads in the County of Lincoln therein mentioned; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Old Bridge, in the Town of Brigg, in the said County, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the said Town; and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at Caistor, in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate, in the said Town of Caistor.

147. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

148. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Husband’s Bosworth and Great Wigston, to Milston Lane, in the Town of Leicester.

149. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Brimington and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, over the High Moors, to the several Places therein mentioned.

150. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Kidwelly, in the County of Carmarthen, and also several Roads leading from Llandilo, in the said County, so far as relates to the Llandilo District of the said Roads, and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County.

151. An Act for making, repairing, and widening the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfreton, to Tibshelf in the same County, and also a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the said County.

152. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twelfth and thirty-first Years of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Chesterfield to Worksop.

153. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Woor to Chester, near the Town of Namptwich, in the County of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley, to Ghorsty Hill.

154. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Wat’s Cross to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as the same relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

155. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the Road from Selby to Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

156. An Act to enlarge the Term and alter the Powers of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Quay at Lymington in the County of Southampton.

157. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Wadhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Turnpike Road at Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the County of Kent; and from the Top of Pullen’s Hill, through the Parishes of Horlmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farley Street, in the said County of Kent.

158. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Botley, to the Turnpike Road at Sherrill Heath, in the County of Southampton.

159. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Bridge called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter’s Gate, in Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Morcot, in the County of Rutland.

160. An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair, so much of the Road from the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the City of Carlisle, as is within the County of Northumberland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 26 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing Louis Weltje and Alexander von Mayersbach.

2. An Act for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Christopherson.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont and Lewis Guy.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Borough or Township of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

6. An Act to enable Cornelius Salvidge (now called Cornelius Tutton), and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Tutton Esquire, deceased.

7. An Act for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer.

8. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George Christian Matthiessen.

9. An Act for naturalizing Guflaf Hederstedt.

10. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Francis Lord Ducie, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right Honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie.

11. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Stephen Tress, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the same pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Parcels of Waste Grounds within the Manors of Narberth, Templeton, Molleston, and Robestone Wathan, in the Parishes of Narberth and Robcstone Wathan, in the County of Pembroke.

15. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of West Pennard, in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act to enable George Tasburgh Esquire (lately called George Crathorne), and his Heirs Male, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh Esquire, deceased.

17. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estate of Robert Bishopp, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

18. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Sheffield, in the County of York, to grant Leases of the Glebe Land, and otherwise improve the Estate belonging to the said Vicarage.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Crich and Southwingfeld, in the County of Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Upper Wallop, Hursbourn Pryors, and Tufton, in the County of Southampton.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow and Common Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tichwell, in the County of Norfolk.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harvington, in the County of Worcester.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York.

25. An Act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between the Right Honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, and his Trustees, with the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Lady Frances Sidney Sussex, in the University of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Saint Mary Week, otherwise Week Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Vicarage of Wilshamstead otherwise Wilstead, in the County of Bedford.

26. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Nottingham, intailed by the Will of the Right Honourable Henry William Arundell Viscount Gallway, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Estates situate in the West Riding of the County of York, to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the Town and County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Benjamin Borlow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, and certain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York.

29. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in the Township of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick.

30. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Fields and other Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Sinnington with Marton and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Aston otherwise Aston Abbot in the County of Salop.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Denys Rolle and John Rolle, Esquires, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to purchase Estates contiguous to the principal Estates of the said Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to be settled to the Uses of the Estates vested in Trustees for Sale.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

36. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right Honourable Mary Lady Stourton, his Wife, the Right Honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right Honourable Appolonia Lady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at Holme, in the East Riding of the County of York, with a competent Sum of Money for the Purpose of improving the same, and also to grant building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford.

37. An Act to enable the surviving Parties to certain Articles of Agreement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable John Darner, deceased, with the Honourable Ann Seymour Conway (now Ann Damer, Widow), to insert in the Settlement to be executed in pursuance of the said Articles, proper Powers for raising the Sum of forty thousand Pounds for the Purposes in the said Articles mentioned.

38. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Lord and Lady Camelford, and for making a further Provision for the younger Children of the said Marriage.

39. An Act to resettle certain Freehold and of Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to the Uses, and subject to the Powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of William John Spearman Wasey Esquire, and Elizabeth Honoria, his Wife.

40. An Act for vesting the Estate late of John Shipton Esquire, deceased, in the County of Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned.

41. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Stanhope and John Shuttleworth Esquires, in the Counties of York and Derby, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates so to be sold, in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant building and repairing Leases, and for confirming the Election made between the said Parties respecting the said Estates.

42. An Act for effecting an Exchange between Rebecca Assheton Widow, and the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury, of certain small Parts of their Estates in the County of Herts.

43. An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety (being the settled Estate of Samuel Williamson, a Lunatick) of and in certain Lands in Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

44. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Parry Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in North Wales, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for substituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of Northampton.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Huddersfield, in the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Canwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating, an Open Common called Canwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the same, and also in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands; and for making Compensations in lieu thereof respectively.

48. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts.

49. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Whichcot Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, for Sale, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An Act to impower the Guardians of William Phillips Inge Esquire, and of his Sisters, to make or grant building and other Leases during their respective Minorities; and also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands in or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

51. An Act for vesting the Estate comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Reverend Thomas Beaumont Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled, in like Manner, in lieu thereof.

52. An Act for applying Part of the Trust Fund which was given by the Will of Doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing or rebuilding the Vicarage House of the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage House thereon.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

54. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Edmund Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron Boyle of Marston, in England, to pull down the present Parish Church of Marston Biggott otherwise Marston Bygood) in the County of Somerset) and for building a Hew Parish Church there.

55. An Act to enable William Bamford Esquire, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann Bamford Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned.

56. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Rich Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in Payment of Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, to the same Uses.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called Belper Ward and Chevin Ward, in the County of Derby, and certain Waste Lands within the Liberties of Duffield, Belper, Haslewood, and Makeney, within the Parish of Duffield, in the said County of Derby.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and also a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelworth Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or one of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts.

59. An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Samuel Skey Esquire, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for another Estate of equal Value, and for effecting a Sale of other Part of the said devised Estates to the said Samuel Skey, pursuant to an Agreement made by the said Lord Foley in his Life Time, and for investing the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

60. An Act for naturalizing Albertine Marianne Trefusis.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of George III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 27 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries.

2. An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual.

8. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

9. An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets, between Great Britain and the Port of Waterford in the Kingdom of Ireland, by way of Milford Haven.

10. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

11. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing County Gaols; and also an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Act of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Ships of War and Forces by Sea" as gives discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants, and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the common Gaol or House of Correction.

12. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right Honourable Sir John Skynner Knight, late Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office.

13. An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt.

14. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof; and also several Streets and other Places near or adjoining to the said City; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and, Annoyances therein.

15. An Act for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry, over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham.

16. An Act for making perpetual two Acts, passed in the fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

17. An Act for rebuilding the Chapel of East Stonehouse, in the County of Devon.

18. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

19. An Act to enforce and render more effectual several Acts passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

20. An Act for varying and extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

21. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to purchase, of the Proprietors of Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Pitferran, in the County of Fife, the Right of Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Coals exported.

22. An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to his Majesty.

23. An Act for raising a Certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

24. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

25. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

26. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

27. An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

29. An Act for obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses in certain cases.

30. An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors.

31. An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in foreign Wines for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise.

32. An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported; for laying an additional Duty on foreign Geneva imported; for taking off the Duty on Ebony the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

34. An Act to amend an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise of and Customary Tenements within their Survey; and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy; and so enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy.

35. An Act for appointing Commissioners farther to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

36. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax imported.

37. An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

38. An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

39. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Lodes and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

40. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

41. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

42. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers.

43. An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in the Court of Session of the County Palatine of Chester; and for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the same Court.

44. An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts.

45. An Act for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering certain Duties, in lieu of the ancient and customary Droits, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and Publick Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

46. An Act for continuing the Term of two Acts made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, and the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof

47. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

48. An Act to enable the East India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law.

49. An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James, in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Coemetery or Church-yard, and Parsonage House within the new Parish.

50. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

51. An Act for making a Road from Saint Bernard's Street, in the Town of Leith, to the Foot of Leith Walk, in the County of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same; and for amending two several Acts passed, relative to the said City, in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty's Reign.

52. An Act for better lighting and watching the Village of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto.

53. An Act for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

54. An Act to render effectual the Purchase of a House, situate in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for other Purposes.

55. An Act for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorised to be made and maintained by so much of several Acts made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as authorises the making and maintaining a navigable Cue or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal.

56. An Act for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock

57. An Act for continuing and amending several Acts made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the First, the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other publick Places, within the said Town, and widening the Streets, where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

58. An Act for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the Premises, belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the County of Sussex in Trustees, for the Purpose of conveying the same to the Right Honourable Frances Viscountess Irwin, and her Heirs; and to declare the new Gaol or Prison lately built to be the Common Gaol for the said County.

59. An Act for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon, called the High Gaol, a Publick and Common Goal; and for discharging Denys Rolle and John Rolle Esquires, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, from the Office of Keeper of the said Gaol; and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a new one; and also for taking down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction, for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Places, within the County of Stafford, and for regulating the same respectively.

61. An Act for taking down the Guild-hall or Town-hall in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and rebuilding the same.

62. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of Stafford; for vesting the Right of Nomination in Trustees; and for enlarging the Chapel Yard; and other Purposes.

63. An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary Wanstede alias Wanstead, in the County of Essex.

64. An Act for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

65. An Act for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted by his Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme of raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations; and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens, within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, and within the Parish of Blankney, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney.

67. An Act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town, Port, and County; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven s and for regulating the Births and Mooring-places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge.

68. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish.

69. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made in the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Part of Harlow Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for repairing and widening the Road from Epping, through the Parishes of Northweald Bassett, Bobbingworth, High Ongar, Chipping Ongar, and Shelley, to the Four Want Way, in the said Parish of Shelley, and from thence through the Parishes of High Ongar and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish of Writtle, in the said County.

70. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County of Surrey.

71. An Act for making, maintaining, and repairing a Road, from the Well End of the Bridge, intended to be built at or near the Ferry over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham, through the several Parishes of Saundby, Beckingham, Bole, North Wheatley, Hayton, and Clareborough, to East Retford, all situate in the said County of Nottingham; with a Side Branch from the Boundary Gate, between the said Parishes of Beckingham and Saundby, through the said Parish of Beckingham, and the Parish of Gringley on the Hill, in the same County, to the Town of Gringley on the Hill aforesaid.

72. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurst Green, in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwash, to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwash, in the said County.

73. An Act for continuing the Term of three Acts, of the thirteenth Year of King George the First, the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Birmingham, through Wednesbury, to High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to The Port Way, at the End of Darlstlon Lane, next to Bilston, and to Nether Trindle, near Dudley, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Stafford; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from Trouse Lane, in the Parish of Wednesbury, to Darlaston, in the County of Stafford.

74. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Passage at Shalldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torkey, in the County of Devon.

75. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon; and for amending certain other Roads in the said County.

76. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham.

77. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Roads from The Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to The Hand and Post in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester.

78. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the first Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said Hill to the Top of Crickley Hill.

79. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to The March-burn.

80. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping’s Cross, in the County of Kent, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound aforesaid, through East Lane, and by Hope Mill, to the Turnpike Road at Clay Hill, in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent.

81. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Read leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, through Henley, in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the County of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Albans, to Hatfield, in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the Thirty Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

82. An Act for continuing and amending three Acts of the thirteenth Year of King George the First, the twenty-first Year of his late Majesty, and the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Roads from a Place called The Nether Trindle, near Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, within the Counties of Stafford and Worcester; and for making and keeping in Repair a Road from or near to The Nether Trindle aforesaid, to Tipton Green, in the said Counties.

83. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering the Course of the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for repairing the Road from Redburn Bridge to Bonny Water, and from thence to or near Loanhead, in the County of Stirling, there to join the Turnpike Road leading from Falkirk to Kilsyth.

84. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham.

85. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop; and for repairing several other Roads in the said County.

86. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley, by Molscroft, to Kendal House, and from Molscroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York.

87. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Ashborne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges in the County of Stafford to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall’s Lane to Yoxall Bridge, in the said County, so far as the same relates to the two Districts of Road therein described.

89. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed by Ayton Bridge, and the New Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, to Dunglass Bridge, and also the Roads leading from Billie causeway and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnspath Tower, in the County of Berwick.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Walsall and Wednesbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and several other Roads in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the two first Districts of Road therein comprized.

91. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from High Bullen in Wednesbury, io the further End of Darlaston Lane, next The Portway, and from thence through Bilston, to the further End of Gibbet Lane, and several other Roads leading to and from Bilston, in the County of Stafford.

92. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the twelfth and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Seconder repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln.

93. An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry, in the Township of Birkenhead, in the County of Chester; and from the said City to the Assembly House in Parkgate, in the Township of Great Neston, in the said County; and from Great Neston aforesaid, to the said Woodside Ferry; and from the Road leading from the City of Chester to Parkgate aforesaid, to the Road leading from the same City to the said Woodside Ferry.

94. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hursley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover, to the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond, and Newtown River; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the South End of Bartholomew-Street, in the said Town of Newbury, to the Turnpike Road at Speenhamland, in the said County of Berks.

95. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging, the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road, from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surry, Sussex, and Southampton.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 27 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for naturalizing George Wakerbath.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Cracoe, in the Parish of Burnsall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An Act for naturalizing Solomon Dedel.

4. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Kessingland and Covebite, otherwise North Hales, in the County of Suffolk.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Cow-Commons, Linchets, and Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land, or other Ground, intermixed with or adjoining to the said Common Fields and Common Meadows, situate in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford.

6. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Graff.

7. An Act for naturalizing Peter Everhard Camper.

8. An Act for naturalizing George Chandler and Maria Chandler.

9. An Act for naturalizing Peter John Hosch.

10. An Act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Barony of Williamston, the Lands of Drumdewan, Lednock, Mansion House of Lednock, and others, lying within the County of Perth, to, and in favour of, Thomas Graham Esquire, of Balgowan, and the same Series of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-six; and for vesting in the aforesaid Thomas Graham, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, the Lands and Barony of Blair Newton, of Blair Lands, of Pitmurthly Maws, and others, lying Within the aforesaid County of Perth, and County of Forfar.

11. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Fawkener Esquire, with Georgiana Ann Poyntz, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Coggs, in the County of Oxford.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Spofforth, in the Parish of Spofforth, in the County of York.

14. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Hertel.

15. An Act for discharging divers Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to Sir Edward Bayntun Rolt Baronet, and Andrew Bayntun Rolt Esquire, from a certain Limitation contained in an Indenture of Release, bearing Date the twenty-second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of West Harptree, otherwise West Harptry, in the County of Somerset.

17. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable George James Earl Cholmondeley, in the County of Chester, in the said Earl Cholmondeley, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof.

18. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Essex, Middlesex, and Cambridge, devised by the Will of Theophilus Dillingham Esquire, deceased, in Dillingham Brampton Gunlon Dillingham Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, in the County of Norfolk, to the same Uses as the devised Estates now stand limited.

19. An Act for discharging certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the several Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Berks, Part of the Estate of Oldfield Bowles Esquire, from the Uses, Estates, and Trusts, declared concerning the same, in and by the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Oldfield Bowles with Mary his now Wife, and for settling the Manor of North Aston, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

20. An Act for vesting the Tythes and Estate at Orton, in the County of Northampton, belonging to Jesus Hospital, in the same County, in John Peach Hungerford Esquire, for his Life, with Remainders over, and for settling a Kent Charge out of the said Estate, and other Hereditaments of the said John Peach Hungerford, at Orton aforesaid, in lieu thereof.

21. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Edward Foley with the Right Honourable Lady Ann Coventry, his now Wife, and for other Purposes.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Bitteswell, in the County of Leicester.

23. An Act to confirm an Agreement for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Lands and other Estates within the Lordship of Trowell, in the County of Nottingham, and for uniting the two Medieties of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Trowell aforesaid.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kirkbymalzeard, in the County of York.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Hamlet of Barrow upon Trent, in the Parish of Barrow upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Dorrington, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Sarsden and Churchill, and Tything of Lyneham, Merriscourt, and Finescourt, in the Parish of Shipton under Wichwood, in the County of Oxford.

28. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Hippius.

29. An Act for vesting the Estates in the County of York, and also the Heir Looms, devised and bequeathed by the Will of the Honourable and Most Reverend Robert late Lord Archbishop of York, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise from such Sales in the Purchase of Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

30. An Act for rendering valid and effectual the Powers of Sale and Exchange inserted in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Robert Salusbury Esquire, with Katherine his Wife.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of William Simpson Esquire, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, within the Township of Lastingham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or reputed Manor and Parish of Milwich, in the County of Stafford.

34. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Manors, and Township or Townships of Stecton and Eastburn, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the County of York.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and the Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlet of Sawley, in the County of Derby.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Open Fields, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Liberty of Little Eaton, within the Manor of Little Chester, in the County of Derby.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Melbourne and King's Newton, in the Parish and Lordship of Melbourne, in the County of Derby.

38. An Act for inclosing, and leafing, or letting, certain Commons or Waste Grounds lying within the Township or Constablewick of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, called The High Wood and The Heath, and applying the Profits thereof in Aid of the Poors Rate, or other Taxes, or publick Expences, within the said Township or Constablewick, and within the Constablewick of the Rectory of Uttoxeter.

39. An Act for naturalizing William Homeyer.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Ratcliffe upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship or Liberty of Cropwell Butler, and a certain Intercommon Field and Meadow called The Fern Field and Great Meadow, lying intermixed in the said Lordship and the Lordship of Cropwell Bishop, in the County of Nottingham.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 28 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England.

5. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

6. An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies, and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies.

7. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread.

8. An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Inches, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions; and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues in the Manner therein mentioned.

9. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable George Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick, to build a new Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto.

10. An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church-yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

11. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An Act for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

14. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

15. An Act for supplying with Water the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting to the said Town.

16. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of the Realm.

17. An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

18. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

19. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

20. An Act for amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for making further provisions for that Purpose.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

22. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments: and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

23. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excite; to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of infection thereby; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be confirmed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

24. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders.

25. An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for erecting certain Light-houses, in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

26. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

27. An Act for reducing the Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, into this Kingdom.

28. An Act to exempt certain Licences, granted to Stipendiary Curates, from Stamp Duties.

29. An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond.

30. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Restrictions therein contained.

31. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

32. An Act for vesting the Estates of Edward Henvill in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown.

33. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain), and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on white Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to his Majesty the hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland.

34. An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs.

35. An Act to enable his Majesty to make such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of his Majesty's Subjects and those of the Most Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland.

36. An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

37. An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or Deer Skins undressed, Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported, and on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction free from the Duty charged on such Sales; for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise and to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Consumption in the Houses of Retailers thereof, who shall not have Licences to sell Beer or Ale.

38. An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds stuffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Winding of Wool.

39. An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

40. An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

41. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans.

42. An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to his Majesty and this Country.

43. An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

44. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

45. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

46. An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the Due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirit; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time) certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies.

47. An Act for allowing further Time for Enrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

48. An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney-Sweepers, and their Apprentices.

49. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain Cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are.

50. An Act to amend, and continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

51. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of two Acts passed in the eleventh and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade.

52. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

53. An Act to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to dissolve the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade; and also an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade; and for the better preventing of Combinations in the Trade of Coals.

54. An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

55. An Act for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith; and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory; or breaking or destroying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame.

56. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects; and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purpose, in lieu thereof.

57. An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages.

58. An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour; and for empowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas; and to borrow Money for these Purposes.

59. An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keel men employed on the River Tyne, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of Rich Skippers and Keel men.

60. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish of Christ Church, in Middlesex; and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

61. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said Harbour: and for lighting the said Town, and applying the same with Water; and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned in the said County.

62. An Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Peter le Poor, within the City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent.

63. An Act for charging several Estates in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled upon the late Charles Radcliffe deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear yearly Rent Charge of two thousand five hundred Pounds, payable to the Grandson of the said Charles Radcliffe, the Right Honourable Anthony James Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten.

64. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances; and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town.

65. An Act for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Annoyances, and other Nuisances, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof; and for licensing and better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and the Owners, Drivers, and Carriers thereof respectively, and Porters, and other Persons, within and for certain Distances round the said City and Liberties; and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade, and the Rivers, Wharfs, Backs, and Quays, and the Markets within the same City and Liberties; and for other Purposes.

66. An Act for regulating Buildings and Party Walls, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof.

67. An Act for widening and rendering commodious a certain Street called Broad Street, within the City of Bristol; and for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing Publick Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City.

68. An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the bast Division in the said Act described.

69. An Act for taking down the present Court House and Gaol, and erecting and building a new Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of Inverness; and for appropriating the Sum of one thousand Pounds out of the unexhausted Balance, or Surplus, arising from the Forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the same.

70. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir and other necessary Works to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being overflowed.

71. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and for embanking the said Marsh; and for making Cuts, Channels, and other Works, for draining and preserving the same; and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels, with Boats or other Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works.

72. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from Pentre Rock near the Town of Flint, to Greenfield, in the County of Flint.

73. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Canal at Donnington Wood, in the County of Salop, to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from thence by two several Branches to communicate with the River Severn, one near Coalbrook Dale, and the other near Madeley Wood, in the said County, and also certain collateral Cuts to join such Canal.

74. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Churchyard of the said Parish.

75. An Act for paving the Footways, and cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Publick Passages and Places within the Borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

76. An Act for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

77. An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto.

78. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts of the twelfth and nineteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge, over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to and the Passages over the same more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham.

79. An Act to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet Knight, to lay out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

80. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of and Leicester.

81. An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Town and Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, Gentleman, deceased; and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, for the Benefit of the said School.

82. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Castlee of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and for making proper Yards and Conveniencies thereto.

83. An Act for repairing the Church, of the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish.

84. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent.

85. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of an Act, of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish of Withyham, to Forest Row in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

86. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bottom of Whitesheet Hill, through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or near Barford, in the County of Wilts.

87. An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tansley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor, to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Kelstidge, in the said County of Derby.

88. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of Worcester, and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned.

89. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the nine Mile Stone from Mansfield through Temple Normanton, Tupton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting-Field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby.

90. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, made in the twentieth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County; and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham; and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one; and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

91. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster to the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset.

92. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as relates to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads through the County to the Town of Dumbarton.

93. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent.

94. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying some of the Provisions, of an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester; and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop.

95. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull.

96. An Act for more effectually repairing the Ronds leading from Pool, through Oswestry, to Wrexham; from Knockin to Llanrhaiadr; from Whitehurst's House, in the Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Llangollen; and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh; and for discharging the Trustees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelly Roads from the Care of the Road between Llangollen and the Confines of the County of Denbigh, and for making Provision for the future Repair of the said Road.

97. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the ninth Year of his present Majesty, repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the said Act.

98. An Act for amending, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Walsall to Hamstead Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, and the Road leading from the said Town to a certain Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Walsall and Wolverhampton, all in the County of Stafford.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to The Mile Oak, in the Parish of Kirkby in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton, to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, and from Pinxton to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Derby.

100. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester.

101. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint, in the said County.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke.

103. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby.

104. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Spann Smithy, in the County of Chester, to Talk, in the County of Stafford.

105. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen; and from thence, by Boresford, to Willey's Oak; and from Kingsham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads near The Rod; and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford, in the County of Hereford.

106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, in the County of York.

107. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two Acts passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Roads from The Red House, near Doncaster, to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to Weeland, in the Township of Hensall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the West Riding of the County of York.

109. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontstephen, in the County of Cardigan; and from Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen, to Lampeterpontstephen aforesaid.

110. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York; and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from The Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing so much of two several Acts of Parliament made and passed in the seventeenth and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid, as relates to the second and third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for including the Road from Pickers Cross to the Turnpike Road leading from Flookersbrook Bridge to Frodsham, in the said third District.

112. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for making and repairing a Road from the said Wrexham and Chester Road to the Wrexham and Ruthin Road, in the said County of Denbigh.

113. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton by Par Stocks to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post, near Golbourne Dale to Winwick.

114. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries by Æ Bridge, to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries.

115. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from The Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 28 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons or Waste Grounds within the Manor of Riddlesden other wise Morton, or Riddlesden with Morton, in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Somerset.

4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Bleadon, in the County of Somerset.

5. An Act for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde, and his Issue, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Jane Browne, late of Caughley, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Salop, Widow, deceased.

6. An Act for vesting the Real Estate of Thomas Reads Esquire, and Elizabeth Reads his Daughter, situate in Shirburn, Brittwell, Sallome, Lewknor, Stokenchurch, and Kingston Blount, in the County of Oxford, in Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, and his Heirs, and for settling another Real Estate of the said Earl, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, in Manner therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields or Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich, in the County of Derby.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberties of Drainton, Lea, and Amerton, all within the Manor of Chartley, in the County of Stafford.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Humberstone, in the County of Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Headbourn Worthy, in the County of Southampton

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Bradwell, in the County of Bucks.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within {be Manor and Parish of Wandon, otherwise Wavendon, in the County of Bucks.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Filey otherwise Filo, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of Mowsley, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or Lord ship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, in Fladbury, in the County of Worcester.

17. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Godfrey Hintze.

18. An Act for divesting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of the Tracts of divers Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for vesting the same in another Trustee, upon the same Trusts, and with the like Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of Release of the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late Hugh Lord Viscount Falmouth, situate in the Borough of Tregony, and Parish of Cuby, in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Sir Francis Basset Baronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act to enable Elisha Biscoe Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of his late Father Elishaa Biscoe Esquire, deceased.

21. An Act to enable Charles Bowyer Adderley Esquire, and the future Tenants for Life of the Estates devised by the Will of Bowyer Adderley Esquire, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

22. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend Philip Puleston, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of Ruabon, in the County of Denbigh, and Sir Watkin Williams Winn Baronet, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish.

23. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of William Chafin Clerk, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts, for paying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other Purposes.

24. An Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments between the Trustees of a Charity Estate in Hesslewood, in the Parish of Hessle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Robinson Pease Esquire.

25. An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Amyand Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to thw like Uses.

26. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and a Codicil of William Gossip Esquire, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in making Repairs on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Templer Esquire, in the County of Devon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof.

28. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Errington Esquire, with Harriet Coren his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Parishes of Swaby and Belleau, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Ground, called Castlemartin Corse, within the Manor and Parish of Castlemartin, in the County of Pembroke.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wollaston, in the County of Northampton.

32. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, (except Mangotsfield Common, Emerson's Green, and Vinney Green), and for vesting the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge Esquire, Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Rent Charge issuing out of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Kirkbymoorside, Fadmoor, and Gillamoor, in the Parish of Kirkbymoorside, in the North Riding of the County of York.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Netherhaven, other wise Netheravon, in the County of Wilts.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Spondon, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Township of Bagby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

41. An Act for enabling Charles Earl Camden to grant, in the Manner therein mentioned, Building Leases of the Prebendal Lands at Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex.

42. An Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne Baronet, an Infant, and also Francis Glynne Esquire, and likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flint, comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of John Conway Glynne Esquire, deceased, and the Will of Sir John Glynne Baronet, also deceased, to grant Leases of the Coal and other Mines within the said Estates.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the several Townships of Yafforth, Thruntoft, Little Langton, and Danby upon Whiskk, some or one of them, in the North Riding of the County of York.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brightside, in the Manor and Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, within the Township of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Old Pasture, New Pasture, Botton, and Losgill Bank, in the Township of Graffington, in the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, other wise Tynemouthshire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouthshire, in the County of Northumberland.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or Lordships of Billington and Wilpshire, other wise Wilpshire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn and Honour of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn and County Palatine of Lancaster.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Streetmarshal, Tyrymynech, and Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery.

50. An Act for naturalizing John Phillip Weber

51. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Nantes.

52. An Act for naturalizing the Reverend Lewis Guerry.

53. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet, to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates thereby devised, and to grant Leases of Part of the same Estates upon Fines, and to invest the Monies, arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan Twiss Esquire, with Frances Dorrill his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 29 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

5. An Act for the Improvement of Manchester Square, within the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

7. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh; and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County.

8. An Act for building a new Shire House for the County of Essex.

9. An Act to repeal two Acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

10. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

11. An Act to enable Mary Alsager, Margaret Alsager, and Judith Alsager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel, in the Parish of Barthomley, in the County of Chester, and to endow the same; and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish; and vesting the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, and the future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Alsager, within the said County.

12. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Publick Passages, within the Town of Whitby in the County of York; for preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there; and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River Esk, within the said Town.

13. An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into Execution, from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act.

14. An Act for amending an Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary Wanstede, alias Wanstead, in the County of Essex.

15. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

16. An Act to enable his Majesty to authorise, in case of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Livestock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Laurence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador.

17. An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth; and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth.

18. An Act for repealing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

19. An Act for continuing an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

20. An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same.

21. An Act for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in repair.

22. An Act to amend and render effectual an Act of the thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South-east by the Hard Lands of Isleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof.

23. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the first, fifth, and seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York.

24. An Act for rebuilding the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof, by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships of Globwlch and Bachau, in the said County.

25. An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of The Northumberland Fishery Society; and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Capital Joint Stock for more effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such Fishery.

26. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and for regulating their Trade.

27. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways, within the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments, within the said Town and Port.

28. An Act for appropriating the Sum of three thousand Pounds, out of the unexhausted Balance Or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh to publick Uses in that Part of the Kingdom.

29. An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Highworth, in the County of Wilts; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

30. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the present Watch-house, and providing another for the use of the said Parish.

31. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Town of Shrewsbury and County of Salop; and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery.

32. An Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Nocton and Potterhanworth, in the County of Lincoln; and in the Parish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

34. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

35. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

36. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

37. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities.

38. An Act for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street in the City of London, and also a publick Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane; and for stopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and letting out others near to or communicating with such new Street and Passage.

39. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

40. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution or Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Lime limited by Law; and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

41. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes.

42. An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Cockburnspath, in the County of Berwick.

43. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the Town of Greenock; for supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and wholesome Water; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other publick Places within the said Town.

44. An Act for paving the Footways of the several Streets, publick Passages, and Places, with the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet of Moulsham, in the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Incroachments therein.

45. An Act for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better Regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act.

46. An Act for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

47. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

48. An Act for constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of Pontefract, in the County of York, the Parish Church; and for other Purposes.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels, therein mentioned.

50. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of Distributions.

52. An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

53. An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland, and Southern Whale Fisheries.

54. An Act for further continuing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

55. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relative to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

56. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the last Session Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the foreign Islands in the West Indies.

57. An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

58. An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch, and the Importation of Rape Seed.

59. An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas exported to the Islands of Guernsey and Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of Europe, and to Africa, as is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland or America.

60. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the East India Company, in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

61. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

62. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Possessions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

63. An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales; for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rectifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose.

64. An Act to authorise the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and one of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue.

65. An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock.

66. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

67. An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols.

69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

69. An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Highways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fen and Ings in the Parish of Dunstan, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving certain Parts thereof, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metheringham, in the said County.

71. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching such Streets and other publick Places within that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, which lies on the North and South Sides of the New Road, leading from Paddington to Islington, called Sommers Town, and is now actually leased to Jacob Leroux Esquire, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leased for the like Purpose; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein.

72. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Borough of Andevor, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, in the said County.

73. An Act for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs within the City of Bath from Injury by Incroachments and Annoyances; for enlarging or rebuilding the present Pump Rooms there; for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Passages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious.

74. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or from near to Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal at or near Codner Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

75. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles, Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

76. An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the open Parts of the District called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned,) and by an Act of the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said two Acts more effectual.

77. An Act for continuing and making more effectual the Acts of Parliament, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk.

78. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of West Haddlesey, Chapel Haddlesey, and East Haddlesey, and Temple Hirst, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

79. An Act for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow in the County of Lanark, to Muirkirk in the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar in the County of Dumfries; and other Roads communicating therewith.

80. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham.

81. An Act for altering, raising, widening, repairing and preserving the Road leading from the Town of Bishop Wearmouth, near Sunderland, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Norton, near Stockton, in the said County.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and also for repairing and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Worship Street to Crown Street, along the East Side of Moorfields.

83. An Act for enlarging the Terms of three Acts made in the second, seventeenth, and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Coleshill, through the City of Lichfield and the Town of Stone, to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading towards Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, and City and County of the City of Lichfield; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Stafford.

84. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing end widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road at Golford Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Sandhurst, and from The Green near Benendon Church, to the Bull Inn, at Rovelden Cross, in the County of Kent.

85. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to Beggar’s Bush, in the Turnpike Road leading from Turnbridge Wells to Maresfield, in the County of Sussex.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and the Road from Corsenarget to Wanlockhead, in the said County of Dumfries.

88. An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke, and also the Road from Hertfordbridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; and for extending the Limits of the said last mentioned Road, from the present Termination thereof in the said Town of Odiham, to the Road leading from thence, through the said Town, to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath, in the said County.

89. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham, in the County of Southampton, to Farnham, in the County of Surrey.

90. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stockenchurch, in the County of Oxford, to Wheatley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Enslow Bridge, and from Wheatley Bridge, to the Mileway leading towards Magdalen Bridge, and from the Mileway leading from Saint Giles’s Church, near the City of Oxford, by Pegbroke to New Woodstock, in the said County; and for making, amending, completing, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the Bottom of Cheyney Lane up Headington Hill, to join the present Enslow Branch of Road, in the Parish of Holton, in the said County of Oxford, to be used instead of the present Road up Cheyney Lane and Shotover Hill, to the West End of the Town of Wheatley, and for amending and widening the Road from the West End of the said Town to the said Enslow Branch of Road.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, together with a certain other Road therein mentioned, so far as relates to the first District of the said Roads.

92. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made in the twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to certain Roads leading through the Counties of Lanark and Renfrew.

93. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Congleton to Colley Bridge, and from the said Bridge to Smithy Green in the Parish of Prestbury, in the County of Chester; and for letting out and making new Roads from Smithy Green aforesaid, to join a Branch from the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatchmarsh Bottom, in the Parish of Hartington, in the County of Derby, and from the first-mentioned Road to the Havannah Mills.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bridge on The Old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge, in the County of Suffolk.

95. An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the late Market House in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester; and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament, so far as relates to the said Roads, and for amending the Road from Coalbourne Brook, through Wollaston to Churchill Field Corner, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford

96. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Stones End, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road, in the Parish of Enfield; and from the Place where the Watch-house in Edmonton formerly stood, to the Market Place in Enfield, in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting, watching, and watering Part thereof; and for repealing certain Acts of Parliament relating to the said Roads; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Newington Green to Bush Hill, in the Parish of Edmonton, in the said County.

97. An Act for enlarging the Term of, and amending, an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlisle, to the present Turnpike Road at Mulaside, and from a Place in the said Turnpike Road, between Binsey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the Turnpike Road at Skillbeck, in the County of Cumberland.

98. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Doncaster, through the Parish of Peniston, in the County of York, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tarporley, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Acton Bridge, near Weaverham, in the same County.

100. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening toe Road from the Brick Kilns on East Malling Heath to the Turnpike Road on Penbury Green, and from Brand Bridges to the Four Wents, near Marfield Green, in the County of Kent.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Art of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Buckland Dinham, to the End of the Parish of Timsbury; and also the Road from Midsomer Norton, to the End of the Parish of Norton Saint Phillips; and also the Road from Tucker’s Grave, to the Read leaving from Wellow, to a Place known by the Name of The Red Post, in the County of Somerset; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kilmersdon, in the said County, to join the Road from Buckland Dinham aforesaid, in the Street of Radstock, in the said County.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Cross Hands in Teddington Field, in the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester, to the London Turnpike Road between Evesham and Pershore, in the said County.

103. An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament of the first, seventeenth, and thirtieth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the borough of Evesham, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester.

104. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromesberrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

105. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts of the twenty-fourth and twenty-eighth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for making the same more effectual.

106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Hatton, near the Borough of Warwick, through King’s Norton, in the County of Worcester; and to the upper End of Gannow Green, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the Parish of Bell Broughton, in the said County of Worcester; so far as relates to the Road between the said Turnpike Road at Hatton and Hockley Heath, in the County of Warwick.

107. An Act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a certain Dwelling-house in Bury, now or late in the Occupation of William Walker, Gentleman, to Haslingden, and from thence to the East End of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn; and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid to the East End of Cockshut Bridge, in the Town of Whalley; and also the Road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden; and for making a Road from the said Road between Bury and Haslingden, in the Township of Walmerfey, to the River Irwell, and for building a Bridge over the said River, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three Acts passed in the third and twenty-second Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford; and for amending the Roads to Llancloudy Hill and Langua Bridge, and also for making and keeping in Repair the Roads from the said City of Hereford to Hoarwithy Passage through the several Townships or Places therein mentioned.

109. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to amending and widening the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswald Kirk Bank, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road, from the said Road in Sutton Field, through Craike, towards Oulston, to the Extent of the Lordship of Craike, in the County of York.

110. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, in the Parish of Bury, to a Place called The Land's End, in the Parish of Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 29 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing certain Ings or Meadow Ground, called Bradley Ings, and two Moors or Commons called Upper Bradley Common and Lower Bradley Common, within the Manor of Bradley, in the Parish of Kildwick, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act to enable Ralph Willis Esquire (lately called Ralph Earle) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms of Willis only, pursuant to the Will of Daniel Willis Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing Nathaniel Wendt.

4. An Act for naturalizing John Gottlieb Klopfer, John William Vogel, and Henry Siffken.

5. An Act for the Naturalization of Jacob Siordet, and James Lewis Siordet.

6. An Act for the Naturalization of Lewis Pourtales.

7. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Fortick Sheridan Esquire with Lydia Fergussone, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons and Commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Lower Swell, in the County of Gloucester.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Marshes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Broughton, in the County of Southampton.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open. Common Fields, and several other Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Thrussington, otherwise Thurstanton, otherwise Trussington, in the County of Leicester.

11. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Samuel Secretan, otherwise called Samuel Frederick Secretan.

12. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of William Hallet Esquire, to exchange or sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

13. An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will of Sir John Philipps Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses devised by the said Will of the Estates so to be vested in Trustees to be sold.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common called Wiswell Moor, in the Township of Wiswell, and Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Arable and Meadow Grounds, and Lammas Lands and Commons, Moors, and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Stanwell and Hammonds, otherwise Shipcot, and in the Parish of Stanwell, in the County of Middlesex.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Pulton, alias Podington, in the Village or Tything of Easton, in the Parish of Chickerill, alias West Chickerill, in the County of Dorset.

17. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Mechen Iscoed and Plas y Dinas, in the County of Montgomery.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Downs, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parishes of Urchfont and Beechingstoke, in the County of Wilts.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Grooby, in the Parish of Ratby, and County of Leicester.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Whatton, in the County of Nottingham.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Stinted Pastures within the Township of Langcliffe, in the West Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act to enable Charles Watkin John Buckworth Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Shakerley, pursuant to the Will of Peter Shakerley Esquire, deceased.

23. An Act for naturalizing Anna Elizabeth Jackson.

24. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Demezy.

25. An Act for establishing, confirming, and carrying into Execution, certain Articles of Agreement between the Reverend John Louth, Vicar of the Parish of Burley on the Hill, in the County of Rutland, and the Right Honourable George Earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham, and thereby settling all Disputes and Differences which have arisen in Consequence of a Claim of Tythes made by the said Vicar.

26. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of General Philip Honywood, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in paying off a Mortgage now due and owing on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Bazil Fitzherbert Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the same, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the Parts of the settled Estates remaining unsold.

28. An Act to enable Richard Moland Esquire, natural Guardian of his Infant Daughters Elizabeth Moland, Anna Maria Moland, Latitia Martha Moland, and Margaret Lucy Moland, and, in case of his Death, the future Guardian or Guardians of his said Daughters, during their Minorities, to grant Building Leases of one undivided Moiety of certain Lands, in the Parishes of Birmingham, and Aston near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to lay out convenient Streets, Ways, and Passages, to the Buildings to be erected thereon.

29. An Act for vesting divers undivided Parts of certain Estates in Staffordshire, the settled Property of the Reverend Jonas Slaney and Mary his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in entire Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

30. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Thomas Pym Hales Baronet, deceased, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of certain Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Earl Tylney in London, Middlesex, and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money thence arising in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same Uses.

32. An Act for effectuating the Sale of certain Estates late of John Foster, deceased.

33. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Northey Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

34. An Act for effectuating the Sale of the Freehold Estate of Nathaniel Webb Esquire, and Harriet Ellen, his Wife, an Infant, at Boreham, in the County of Essex.

35. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement for Sale of the Brewhouse and Hereditaments in and near Golden Lane, London, lately belonging to Joseph Dickenson Esquire, deceased, and for applying two-thirds of the Money, agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the Freehold Part of the said Brewhouse and Hereditaments, in the Purchase of Freehold Hereditaments, to be settled in Manner in the said Act mentioned; and for such other Purposes as in the said Act mentioned.

36. An Act to enable the Tenants for Life, and other Persons in Possession, or entitled to the Rents of the Estates comprized in certain Indentures of Settlement, one made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of Benjamin Parker, of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Gentleman, with Ann his Wife, and the others made pursuant to Articles entered into upon the Marriage of John Robbins, of Birmingham aforesaid, Gentleman, with Mary his Wife, to grant Leases; and for other Purposes.

37. An Act to enable the Reverend William Lloyd to complete his Contract with Jacob Bosanquet Esquire, for Sale of Part of his settled Estates, and vesting the remaining Part of the same Estates in Trustees for Sale.

38. An Act to enable Sir John Ingleby Baronet, to charge his settled Estates in the County of York in the Manner therein mentioned.

39. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the real Estates late of Francis Bine, of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Merchant, deceased, in Trustees, to sell and convey the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Manner, and upon the Trusts, therein mentioned.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Commons Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the several Tythings of Odiham, Northwarnborough, Hillside, Rye, and Stapely, in the Parish of Odiham, in the County of Southampton.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Coniston, in the Parish of Swine, in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parishes of Berwick Saint James and Fisherton Anger, in the County of Wilts.

43. An Act for embanking the Common Salt Marsh within the Township of Walpole, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the same, and several other Commons within the said Township.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Heaths, Fen Grounds, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Banham, in the County of Norfolk.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Normanby next Spittal, in the County of Lincoln.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Parish of South Kilworth, in the County of Leicester.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Lands, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlets of Bourton and Watchfield, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks.

48. An Act to enable Arthur Annesley Roberts Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Powell, pursuant to the Will of John Powell Esquire, deceased.

49. An Act for naturalizing Henry Nantes.

50. An Act for naturalizing Christopher Gemsa.

51. An Act for vesting divers Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, late the Estate of Elizabeth Parson, deceased, Wife of John Parsons Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William John Arabin Esquire, with Henrietta Molyneux his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds and County of York.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Common or Moor, within the Liberties of Marston upon Dove, Hatton, Hoon, and Hoon Hay, in the Parish of Marston upon Dove, in the County of Derby.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and Stinted Pastures within the Township of Thorpe, in the Parish of Burnsall, in the West Riding of the County of York.

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet and Liberties of Sibford Ferris, in the Parish of Swalcliffe, in the County of Oxford.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forests, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Arnold, in the County of Nottingham.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, all the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Lordship or Liberties of Osmaston next Derby, in the County of Derby, except only a certain Meadow there, called The Moor Meadow, and a certain Commonable Place, called Sinsin Moor.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cold Kirkby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Denton, in the County of Lincoln.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship of Hemmington, in the Parish of Lockington, and County of Leicester.

62. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Fock, called Baron de Robeck.

63. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lecornu.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Parcels of Common Fen, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Parish of Wyberton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, a Common Pasture, and several Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harston, in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Charles Benjamin Saladin.

67. An Act for vesting the Manor of Ashted, otherwise Great Ashted, and several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, therein mentioned, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for investing Part of the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the several Uses therein mentioned or referred unto, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

68. An Act for naturalizing Henry de Bons, Francis Blanchenay, and James Chauvet.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo sexto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-fourth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; being the third Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

AN Act for confining, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of his Majesty's European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence according to the Form hereunto annexed.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate, for a limited Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and his Majesty's Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Restrictions on the Importation of Goods into Newfoundland.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the same, no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into any Port, Harbour, or Place in the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, from any Place or Country belonging to the United States of America, upon any Pretence whatsoever, except Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, or Live Stock, to be imported into Newfoundland from the United States of America, except in licensed British-built Ships, &c.]

---

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the same, no Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, or Live Stock, shall he brought or imported from any Place or Country belonging to the said United States of America, into any Port, Harbour, or Place of the said Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, except in British-built Ships, which shall actually and bona fide belong to and be wholly owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, and which shall, within the Space of seven Months previous to the Time of such Importation, have cleared out from some Post in Great Britain, or some other Part of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, for which Purpose a Licence shall have been granted by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, or any other Persons who may be duly authorised in that Kingdom, respectively, in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; which Licences shall continue and be in force for seven Calendar Months from the Day of the Date upon which they are respectively granted, and no longer.

[Time for granting Licences limited.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Licence shall be granted by virtue of this Act after the thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

[Master of Vessel to deliver Licence to Custom house Officer at Port of Discharge;]

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mailer or Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel to whom such Licence shall be granted shall, upon the Arrival of the said Ship or Vessel at the Port, Harbour, or Place in the lilund of Newfoundland, or the adjacent

2 C. 1. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

who shall give a Certificate thereof, &c.

Goods imported contrary to this Act, to be forfeited.

How to be divided.

Continuance of this Act.

Islands to his Majesty belonging, where she shall discharge such Bread, Flour, Indian Com, or Live Stock, deliver up the said Licence to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs there, having first indorsed upon the Back of such Licence the Marks, Numbers, and Contents of each Package of Bread, Flour, and Indian Corn, and the Description and Tale of each Sort and Species of Live Stock, on Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds; and the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs at Newfoundland, is hereby enjoined and required to give a Certificate to the Matter or Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, of his having received the said Licence so indorsed as before directed, and to transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland, or to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, respectively, by whom such Licence was granted.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, or Live Stock shall be imported or brought from any Place or Country belonging to the said United States of America, into the said Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, without the Licence by this Act directed; or if any other Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into the said Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, from any Place or Country belonging to the said United States of America, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, all such Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, Live Stock, and other Goods, together witft-the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs in the said island, and the same, as well as the pecuniary Penalty inflicted by this Act, may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Vice Admiralty which shall have Jurisdiction within the said Island of Newfoundland; and after deducing the Charges of prosecuting the same from the gross Produce thereof, the Remainder shall be given, one Third to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one other Third to the Governor of the said Island, and the other Third to the Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall seize and prosecute for the same.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force from the Commencement thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

SCHEDULE.

THE FORM OF THE LICENCE DIRECTED BY THIS ACT.

By the Commissioners for managing and coifing to be levied and collected his Majesty's Customs, Subsidies, and other Duties, in [where].

WHEREAS [Name of the Person], one of his Majesty's Subjects residing at

[Place where]) hath given Notice to us the Commissioners of his Majesty's

[Customs in Great Britain,-or, Revenue in Ireland], that he intends to lade at

[same Port of the United States in America], and import into [feme Part of Newfoundland], in the [Ship's Name], being a British)-built Ship, [describing the Tonnage*

and what Sort of Feflel], navigated according to Law, whereof [Master's Name]

is Master, bound to [where]; and it appearing by the Register of the said Ship the

[Ship's Name]f whereof [Master's Name] is Master, that the said Ship

the [Ship's Name] was built at [Place where], and owned by

[Owner's Namely rending at [Place where]) all his Majesty's British Subjects, and

that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Share, Part, or Interest therein:

Now be it known that the said [Person's Name]* hath Licence to lade on board the said Ship [Ship's Name]) at and from any Port or Place belonging to the United States

of America) Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, the Produce of the said United States, and no other Article whatsoever, and to carry the said Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock to some Port or Place on the Island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging; and on the Arrival of the said Ship at any Port, Harbour, or Place of Discharge in Newfoundland) or the adjacent Islands to his Majesty belonging, the Master or Person having the Charge 01 Command offfie said Ship is required and enjoined to deliver up the said Licence to the Collector or other proper Officer of 41 his Majesty's Customs there, and to indorse on the Back thereof the Marks, Numbers, and Corvcnts of each Package of Bread, Flour, or Indian Corn, and the Description and Tale of each Sort and Species of Live Stock, on Penalty of one hundred Pounds; and shall thereupon receive a Certificate thereof from the said Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs.

This Licence to continue in force for Calendar Months from the Date hereof.

Signed by us the at the this Day of one thousand seven hundred and

n Licence to import Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, the Produce of the United States of America, into Newfoundland"\

---

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 2 - 5. 3

CAP. II.

An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

[Continued until one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

4s.

CAP. IV.

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States; and for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned.

[23 Geo. 3. c. 39. — 24 Geo. 3. c. 45. - 25 Geo. 3. c. 5. — continued until April 5, 1787.]

CAP. V.

An Act to regulate the Exportation of Hops to Ireland.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof j for repealing so much of several Acts as relates to the Removal of Tea; for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of exciseable Commodities; and for better securing the Duties on (Candles; it was enacted, That from and after the tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, it should be lawful for any Person or Persons, who should have paid all his Majesty's Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament payable for any of the respective Commodities in that Act mentioned in that Behalf, or for any Person or Persons who should buy or be lawfully intitled to any of the said Commodities from the Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's Duties thereupon, to export from any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, any such respective Commodities for which all the Duties had been paid, to^my Foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, upon the Terms, and according to the Directions therein after mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to allow the Exportation of Hops of British Growth to Ireland, by way of Merchandize, upon his Majesty's Duties payable in respect of such Hops, having been duly charged thereon, and before the said Duties have been paid;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the sixth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to export, from any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, any such Hops to or for Ireland, upon the Terms and according to the Directions herein after mentioned; that is to say, The Person or Persons intending to export such Hops to or for Ireland shall give six Hours Notice of the Time and Place of shipping such Hops unto such Officer of Excise, of the Place where the same shall be shipped, as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, and of the Name of the ship or Vessel in which the same are intended to be shipped and exported, and of the Master or Commander thereof, and of the particular Port or Place in Ireland to which such Hops are intended to be exported; and such Officer shall take an Account of the Quantities of such Hops so intended to be exported, and of the Mark of the Weight or Tare of each Bag, Pocket, and Cask of such Hops, marked on the Outside of each such Bag, Pocket, or Cask, and of the Planter or Planters Name or Names, and the Place of his or their Abode, together with the Dates of the Year in which such Hops were grown, marked in Manner aforesaid.

II. Provided always, That if the Person or Persons so intending to ship such Hops, shall not begin and proceed to ship the same at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after such Time, then such Notice shall be void, and such Person or Persons, so intending to ship such Hops, shall be obliged to give a fresh Notice to such Officer or Officers of the Time and Place when and where such Hops are intended to be shipped in order to be exported; and the Officer of Excise of the Place where the same shall be shipped, shall attend and fee the same put on Shipboard; and the Exporter of the said Hops shall also, before the shipping the same, give sufficient Security, to be approved of by the respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, or the Person by them appointed for that Purpose, in treble the

*5 Geo. J. c. 74.

From Itfarth 1786, Britishb Hop* may be exported to Ireland, before Duties paid, o* giting proper Notice, Stc*

If not exported agreeable to Notice, a freth Notice to be given*

Security to be given that the Hops shall not be relanded. &c.

C. 5.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Exporter to make Oaihthat he believes the Duties hive been duly charged.

Sc c.

Particulars to be complied with be^ re any Debenture frail be granted for a Drawback,

Collector to pay the Drawback,

Taking a false Oath, Sc c. deemed Perjury.

Hops relanded after giving Security, Arc. frail be forfeited.

Act not to authorise exporting of Hops to any Place, or in any Manner, not

Value of the Duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular Hops so intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain (except in case of Snip-wreck or other unavoidable Accident); which Security the Officer of Excise of the Port or Place where the said Hops shall be exported, appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise iri England or Scotland reflectively, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, is hereby directed to take, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use; and the said Exporter shall also, before the shipping of such Hops, make Oath (or Affirmation if a Quaker), that he believes the Duties upon such Hops had been duly charged (which Oath or Affirmation the Officer appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excite in England and Scotland refi>ectively, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and before any Debenture or Certificate shall be granted for the Repayment of the Duty on any Hops so exported as aforesaid, the Exporter shall deliver to the Officer who shall have taken such Security as aforesaid, or to the Officer who shall ba then appointed to take such Security as aforesaid for the Exportation of the Flops for which a Debenture or Certificate is claimed, a Paper, containing the Quantity of Hops exported, and for which such Security was given as aforesaid, together with the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which such Hops were exported, the Name of the Matter or Commander thereof, and the particular Port or Place in Ireland to which such Hops have been exported, and containing also the Weight or Tare of each such Bag, Pocket, and Cask of Hops, and the Planter or Planters Name or Names, and the Place of his or their Abode, together with the Dates of the Year in which such Hops were grown; and the said Exporter shall also make Oath (or Affirmation if a Quaker) before the Officer appointed to take Security as aforesaid, that he believes the Duties upon such Hops, mentioned and described in such Paper, have been fully paid (which last mentioned' Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer); and such Officer being satisfied of the Truth thereof, shall, within one Month after such last mentioned Oath or Affirmation shall have been made, and after the actual Exportation of such Hops, give to the said Exporter, or his Clerk or Agent, a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the Quantities of such Hops so shipped and exported/and the Duties which have been paid for the same respectively, and that Security hath been given before the shipping the same for the due Exportation of the same; and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Hops were so exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the Person or Persons so exporting the same, or their Agents, a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid for such Hops so exported, or of such Part and so much of the said Duties for such respective Hops so exported, as may now be drawn hack or allowed on the Exportation of such Hops by any Law of Laws now in force; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said Drawback or Allowance, out of such Duties as Drawbacks or Allowances granted upon the Exportation of such Hopa are now payable by Law.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of making or taking a false Oath or Affirmation to any of the Fadfs herein before directed or required to be sworn or affirmed, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. Provided always, That if after the (Flipping any such Hops, and the giving or tendering such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid or charged thereupon, the same Hops, or any Part thereof, shall be again unshipped, relanded, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain (except in case of Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident), that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the said Hops which shall be so unshipped, relanded, or laid on. Land, or be put into any other Ship or Vessel, within Gre it Britain (except in Case of Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to authorise any Person or Persons to export any Hops whatsoever to any foreign Parts whatsoever, other than such Person or Persons might-have done by Law before the making this Act*

heretofore allowed j

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorise any Person or Persons to export Hops, in any Manner whatsoever, other than such Person or Persons might have done before the making, this Act, save and except as in this Act is expressly provided.

VII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to entitle any Person or Persons to any other Drawback or Allowance, upon the Exportation of any Hops whatsoever, than such Person or Persons would have been entitled to by Law, upon the Exportation of such Hops, before the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures^ Forfeitures how imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, to be recovered as any pine^ Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in, any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, difegyer, or sue for the same*

xeept, &c.

No additional Drawback to be allowed.

Penalties and

and applied.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6 - 9. 5

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought Limtarto* of or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thine by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, Aftl°nu such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act: and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon;

[General Issue.]

and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Cost* Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. VI.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry* for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to enable the Persons therein named to provide proper Places on Shore for the Reception of the Crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by Stress of Weather into the Port of Dartmouth.

CAP. IX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain for repealing several of the Duties granted by the said Act, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS several Duties were granted upon Shops, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain: *5 GEO. 3.C. 30*-And whereas we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do think: it will be for the Advantage of the Publick to repeal the Duties upon Shops, the* yearly Rent or Value whereof shall be under thirty Pounds, and to grant unto your Majesty. the several new Duties herein after mentioned, to be applied to the Uses and Purposes which the said Duties formerly* granted are now applicable unto we do therefore roost humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred From April and eighty six, all the Duties granted by the said Act (except the Duty thereby charged on any House, or ,"86- all Dul,e* other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of thirty Pounds, and upwards) Hull cease, determine, H^use^noc11 and be no longer paid or payable; except only such Monies as shall become due in respect of the said Duties ^th 301° per ailefled at any Time on or before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and Ann. repealed., which shall be in arrear and unpaid,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of April jfew Dutiei. one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout Great Britain, the several and respective Duties upon Shops herein after mentioned j that is to say.

For every House, or other Building* now or hereafter to be erected, any Part of which shall, for the Forerery Hoofr*. Time being, be used as a Shop, publicly kept open for carrying on any Trade, or for felling any Goods, *nJoi Wares, or Merchandize by Retail, and upon every Building or Place used as a Shop only, for the Pur- "fed ai»Retril poses before mentioned, of the yearly Rent or Value of five Pounds, and under ten Pounds, the yearly Sum shop, worth s 1. of four Pence in the Pound of such Kent or Value: per Ann. and

under 101.—4d. in the Pound.

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of ten Pounds, and under Worth 101. fifteen Pounds, the yearly Sum of eight Pence in the Pound of such Rent or Value: un"

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of fifteen Pounds, and Worth is 1. and under twenty Pounds, the yearly Sum of one Shilling in the Pound of such Rent or Value: under 201 —1«.

For every such House, or other Building or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of twenty Pounds* and under twenty-five Pounds, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and three Pence in the Pound of such Rent or under 251.— n.

Value: 3d.in the Pound#

And for every such House, or other Biiil<sing or Place, of the yearly Rent or Value of twenty-five Pounds* Worth 251. a id and under thirty Pounds* the yearly Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence in the Pound of such Rent or under 301 -

Value* I f. 9 d. inti*

in. Provided. ad*

6

Poor Persons not paying to Church and Poor, exempted.

New Dn'ies, &c. to be under the same Management, and applied to the same Purposes, as the -former Duties,

Comnrflionen to ralce a new Oath.

The Oath.

ACcflor'i Oath.

Defendant* may plead the General issue,

[Treble Costs.]

and recover

C. 9 - 12. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 17S6.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty shall be imposed, assessed, or levied, by virtue of this, or of the said recited Act, for or in respect of any such House or Shop, whereof the Occupier or Occupiers, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty only, is or are exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Taxes, AUeliinents, and Contributions towards the Church and Poor.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties by this Act imposed, and also the Arrears of the Duties granted by the said former Act, shall, together with the said unrepealed Duty of two Shillings in the Pound on every such House, or other Building or Place, of the annual Rent or Value of thirty Pounds, and upwards, be under the Management of the same Commissioners, and shall be addled, raised, levied, collected, paid, received, and applied, by such and the same Persons, and for such and the same Purposes, and in such and the same Form and Manner, and with such and the same Allowances, and under such and the same Penalties, as by the said recited Act is prescribed with respect to the Duties thereby imposed; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said Act, and not hereby altered or repealed, so far as the same were intended to take Effect, and be executed after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the several Duties on Shops by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same or the like Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, instead of the Oath required to be taken by the said herein before recited Act, every Commissioner who shall, from and after the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, proceed to act, or begin to act in the Execution of the said former Act, and of this Act, shall take the following Oath:

" f DO swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of a Commissioner for the Duties on JL Shops, and will determine upon all Appeals which shall be brought before me, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge"

And every Assessor, or Surveyor or Inspector authorised to act as Assessor, shall, instead of the Oath required to be taken by the said herein before recited Act, take the following Oath, or, being a Quaker, make the following Affirmation:

p-

K I DO swear (or affirm, as the Case may be] That in the Assessment which I shall make upon every House, Building, or Place, liable to the Duties on Shops, within the District or Parish for which I am appointed or authorised to act as Assessor, I will rate each at the true annual Value, according to the bed of my Skill and Knowledge; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the Trusts reposed in me as such Assessor."

Which Oaths, as also all and every other Oaths which may be requisite and necessary for carrying into Execution this or the said recited Act, any two or more of the Commissioners within each County, City, or Place respectively, are hereby authorised to administer.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; and if upon a Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. X.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. XI.

An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts of Parliament for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

44 11 W 12 GuU 3. c. 3.—2 Anne cyc. 7.—4 Geo. 1. c. 13.-9 Geo. 1. c. 30. —11 Geo. 2. c. 7.—31 Geo. 2. c 8. 44 —further continued for 21 Years.

CAP. XII.

An Act for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places within the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ for supplying the said Town with freth and wholesome Water; for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; for appoining additional Market Places; and for extending so much of the Powers of an Act of the ieccnd Year of his present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Caxter^ and Porters, to a certain Distance beyond the Liberties of the said Town.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 13, 14. 7

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue and render more effectual To much of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as imposes a Duty on Ships and Vessels anchoring in the Harbour of Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan, for repairing the Pier of the said Harbour.

44 Act 27 Geo. 2. recited. The former Duties on Beer and Ale, and on Tonnage of Ships, to cease, and instead thereof, the following to be paid: For every Ship three Farthings ter Ton for Anchorage. Trustees appointed. Duty may be reduced, and raised again. Collector may distrain for Anchorage. Duty to be applied to the Purposes of the Pier and Harbour. Accounts to be entered in Books. Duty may be artsigned for Monies borrowed^ Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions. New Trustees may be chosen in case of Death, &c, Overseers of the Duty appointed, who may examine into Frauds and Abuses, and finally determine. New Overseers to be appointed in Case of Death* £sY. Publick Act."

CAP. XIV.

An Act to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, sold by Wharf Measure, within the several Parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe> both inclusive, in the County of Surrey.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles’s in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Paris) of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; which Act was to continue in force for three Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals sold by Wharf Measure, within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof;

and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole in the County of Middlesex; which Act was to continue in force for fourteen Years: And whereas the Terms of the said Acts have been, by several subsequent Acts,

continued, and are now in force: And whereas the Provisions and Regulations established by the said Act* have proved very beneficial to the Consumers of Coals within the respective Jurisdictions; and it is apprehended it would be of great Utility to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places situated between the Parish of Putney and the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey, if Provision was made to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, fold determined by Wharf Measure, within those Limits; whereby the fair Dealers in Coals, sold by such Measure, will also be exempted from those vexatious Law Suits, arising from Penalties for Offences, which, as the Law now (lands in respect to the County of Surrey, are not in their Power to prevent May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be provided and continued, near Blackfriars Bridge, in the County of Surrey, one publick Office, which shall be called by the Name of The Land Goal-meter's Office for the several Parishes of Putney, Wandsworth, Battefa, Saint Mary at Lambeth, Christ-church, Saint Saviour's, Saint Olave, Saint Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, all in the County of Surrey; and likewise five subordinate Offices (videlicet), one at Putney, one at Wandsworth, one at Battersea, one at Lambeth, and the other in or near Tooley-Street, in the Borough of Southwark; which said Offices shall, from and after the said first Day of June, for and during the Term of twenty-one Years then next ensuing, be managed by David Evans and John Burnett, of the said Parish of Saint Mary at Lambeth, and the Survivor of them, who are hereby nominated and appointed to be the Managers of such Offices: Which Offices, when provided and established, shall be kept open every Day (Sundays excepted) from the twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September, yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of five in the Morning till nine in the Evening, and from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March, yearly, during the Continuance of this Act, from the Hour of six in the Morning till six in the Evening.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said David Evans, and the said John Burnett, and the Principal Land Coal-meters within the Limits aforesaid for the Time being, and their Deputies or Servants acting under them in the Admeasurement of Coals, by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and they and every of them are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction and Controul of any General Courts of Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said County of Surrey, and shall and may be dismissed and suspended by the said Courts from the Execution and Emoluments of their said respective Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglect, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Courts in a summary Way, any Tiling herein contained to the contrary thereof in any-ways notwithstanding.

[Preamble.]

19 Geo. a.e. 35*

7 Geo. j. c. *5-

Appointing a Land Coal-met *rV Ollice near Black-friars Bridge,

and fire fubor-dinate Office!.

to be managed by Dirid Eran« and Jt-ha Eur-nect,

fuljeft to the C >n'ioi:l of ih* Quarter Scfiioj*5r

8

Justicet to ad*

mini ster Oathf.

Appointing other Meters in <Me of Death r Removal.

Principal Coal-meter to be sworn.

The Oath*

Labouring Meters to be appointed.

end Deputies.

Penalty on Princip I Meters for fi t appointing, and rn Labouring Meters for ne^teAing to attend.

Labouring Meter’s Oath.

C. 14. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace are by this Act authorised to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Justices respectively to administer such Oath and take such Affirmation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of either the said David Evans or John Burnett, before the Expiration of the said Term of twenty-one Years, the said Office shall be managed by the Survivor of them (unless previously dismissed or suspended in Manner aforesaid) during the Remainder of the said Tet^n; and in case both the said David Evans and John Burnett shall die, or be dismissed or suspended, before the Expiration of the said Term, then, and from Time to Time afterwards, during the said Term, as often as any Vacancy shall happen, the said Office shall be managed by* such Person as shall be nominated and appointed in Manner following; (videlicet). The Churchwardens for the said several and respective Parishes of Putney, Wandsworth, Battersea, Saint Mary at Lambeth, Christ-Church, Saint Saviour's, Saint Olave, Saint Thomas, Saint John, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the said County of Surrey, shall, by Notice in Writing specifying the Occasion, and signed by one of the Deputies in the said Land Coal-meter’s Office, and left at the Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode of each such Churchwarden, as soon as the same can be done after any such Vacancy, be summoned to meet and assemble at the said Office, at twelve of the Clock at Noon, on a Day to be mentioneiKn the said Notice, not exceeding six Days from the Date thereof; at which Meeting some Person shall be chosen and appointed to succeed to the Office of Principal Land Coal-meter for the Limits aforesaid; and such Person as shall, at the Hour of three of the Clock of that Day, be elected by the Majority of Persons, being Churchwardens of the said Parishes, as shall be then and there assembled, shall be and is hereby declared to be the Principal Land Coal-meter for putting this Act in Execution, and shall be veiled with the like Powers, Authorities, and Emoluments, as the said David Evans and John Burnett are by this Act veiled with.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Princi, >1 L and Coal-meter under the Powers of this Act, until he shall, before two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following; to wit,

I A.B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will truly and JL faithfully, according to the bed of my Judgment and Ability, execute the Office of principal Land Coal-meter for the several Wharfs between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey.

So help me GOD."

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said David Evans and John Burnett, and such other Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, be nominated and appointed to manage the said Office, and he or they is and are hereby authorised, directed, and required to appoint a sufficient Number of Persons to be Labouring Coal-meters at the several Wharfs within the said Limits (the Number of such Labouring Coal-meters not being less than thirteen at the several Wharfs between the Place called ISrine Elms, in the Parish of Saint Mary at Lambeth, and Dock Head, in the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe), and one Deputy Coal-meter, and one or more Labouring Coal-meter or Meters at each of the said subordinate Offices; one of which said Labouring Coal-meters shall attend every Day (Sundays excepted) at such of the Coal Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale, within the said Limits, at which he shall be Rationed by the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Land Coal-meter, during the Continuance of this Act, at such Times as is required by the Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals where such Meter is Rationed, to measure, or foe measured out the Coals which shall from Time to Time be sold by Wharf Measure at any of the said Wharfs, Warehouses, or Places where such Labouring Coal-meters shall be Rationed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter shall neglect to appoint such Labouring Coal-meters to attend at the respective Wharfs and subordinate Offices aforesaid, on the Days and at the Times herein before directed, such Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter so neglecting shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any Labouring Coal-meter or Coal-meters, so appointed to attend by the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, shall not attend, and perform his or their Duty, at the Time and in such Manner as is hereby directed, every such Labouring Coal-meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as one of the Labouring Coal-meters to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation, in the Words or to the following; to wit,

"I A.B. do swear [or being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faithfully, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute tile Office of one of the Labouring Coal-meters for the several Wharfs situate between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surrey, and that I will truly and impartially measure, or fee measured, all Coals between Buyer and Seller, without Favour or Hatred.

So help me GOD."

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14.

And the said justice or Justices respectively, who shall administer the Oaths, or take the Affirmation, by this Act directed, is and are hereby required to certify the same to the next General Quarter Sessions of the reace to be holden for the said County or Surrey, after the taking of such Oaths or Affirmations respectively, there to remain on Record.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or any of the Persons to be employed under them or him, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during his or their respective Continuance in their Office or Employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in their said respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal-meter so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal-meter, and Labouring Coal-meter respectively, Dull, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds 5 and being thereof respectively convicted before the said Court of Quarter Demons, shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever difaBled from holding or executing the same, or any other under this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That, upon Notice in Writing, or otherwise, being given to any of the said Labouring Coal-meters, or left at his or their respective mbordinate Office, to attend at any Wharf within the Limits of such subordinate Office, to be named in such Notice, in order to measure, or fee measured, the Coals of the Person giving the Notice, such Labouring Coal-meter shall attend, pursuant to such Notice, within the Space of one Hour from the Time of giving the same, or sooner if possible, and do his Duty according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend accordingly, such Xabouring Coal-meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings; and the respective Deputy, to whose Office such Notice shall have been given, neglecting to fend such Labouring Coal-meter as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the like Sum of twenty Shillings.

XI. And in order to prevent Confederacy, be it enacted, That the Stations to be appointed to and for the Labouring Coal-meters at the said Wharfs, shall be frequently varied by the Principal Land Coal*meters or Coal-meter, or the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Land Coal meter, in such Manner as be or they shall think fit.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals which, from and after the said first Day of June, shall be sold as and for Wharf Measure, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall be measured in the Presence of one of the said Labouring Coal-meters, in such Manner as is di-rtfted in and by an Act passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Cfjarles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals; and the said Labouring Coal-meters shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to fill up any BuffieJ or Bushels of Coals, as shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That four Pence by the Chaldron, for every Chaldrop of Coals which, from and after the said first Day of June, shall be fold and delivered at any Whan, Warehouse, or Place, within the Limits of this Act, shall be paid by the Person who keeps the Wharf^ Warehouse, or Place, where such Coals are carted from, or by the Seller of such Coals, to the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being, as a Recompence for their or his Labour and Trouble, and for defraying the Charges of Clerks, Messengers, House Rent, Fire, Candles, and all other Expenses incident to the Execution of the Office aforesaid, and for the Hire of the Labouring Coal-meters j and thereupon such Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter shall, and they and he are and is hereby required tp deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the Came, a Paper Writing or Ticket, signed by one of the said Principal Land Coal-meters, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal-meter attending and delivering the same, in which shall be contained, as well the Christian and Surname of the respective Sellers, as of the Containers of the said Coals; the Quantity, and Day of the Week, Month, and Year of the Delivery and Admeasurement; the Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the same Coals; and alto shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, (he. or they, is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, such Dissatisfaction must be expressed to the Carman before any Part thereof are (hot or unladen from the said Cart; which said Ticket being thus made complete, and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered, by the Labouring Coal-meter counterngning the same, without Delay, to the Carman, or Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or ltad the Coeds described in such Ticket, to the Consumer therein named; which said Ticket, unaltered, the Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals, described in such Ticket, for the Use of such Consumer, and thereupon he, (he, and they, are hereby required to pay to the Seller, named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified; and if the Labouring Coal-meter countersigning such Ticket shall, after Payment of the Metage-Charge in pursuance of this Act, refuse to deliver such Ticket, as herein before directed, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the Coals therein described, such Labouring Coal-meter Quill, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and if such Carman, or Person employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal-meter countersigning the same, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the Oopfumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to leceive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman, or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in fixch Ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings

26 Geo. nr.

9

Meters net to btf

interested in the Sale of Coals.

Penalty on Deputies neglecting to fend a Labouring Meter, and on Labouring Meters not attending oa Notice.

Stations of l<*-hooring Meter# to be farifd.

Coals to be tnea-

fored in Presence of a Labouring Meter,

Coal-meter's Fee,

Tickets to beds* litered to the Seller or Carman.

Their Content*,

Tickets to be delivered by Li-bouring Meter to Carman, and by bins to the Outfit mer.

Penalty on Labouring Coal-meter* refuting to delir«r Ticket to the Carman;

and on the Carman refuting to delhrer it to the Cfnfuracr,

*0

Penalty on Vender for fending Coals unmea Cored or without Ticket*

DSaenfions of Sacks.

Penalty on Wharfinger*, Sec, bribing Meter*.

Penalty on Meter* permitting deficient Sack* to be used,

or otherwise not oeHbtming their bat;«

If Penalty not paid within a Month, may be recovered from the Principal. Exemptions with respect to

Water-work*,

*c.

Penalty on Meters (offering Coals to pass without being me* lured.

Penalty on Carman permitting Coals to betaken out of his C art.

C. 14 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XIV. And be it further eroded by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in which any Quantity of Coals, exceeding seventeen Bushels, shall be sent or driven from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, situate within the Limits of this Act, without having been measured, or without having first obtained such Ticket as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case, the Vender of the said Coals, being con-vided thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger, or Dealer in Coals, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, make use of one or more Sack or Sacks for the carrying of Coals, within the Limits of this Act, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length, and two Feet in Breadth, or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made and used, any false Buthel, or other Measure, and be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People callea Quakerr, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals shall directly or indirectly give, or cause to be given, to any Labouring Coal-meter within the said Limits, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted and allowed for the Charges of Metage, and shall be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay tht Sum of fifty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further eroded by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, use, or permit or suffer Sacks to be mad^ use of for the measuring or carrying of Coals, of left Dimensions than four Feet in Length and two Feet in Breadth, at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and be convicted thereof, by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter, to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this Act, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Consumer, Carman, or other Person, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whatsoever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted and allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge, or if any such Labouring Coal-meter shall wilfully make, permit or suffer to be made, false Meamre of Coals, cr shall deliver a Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and shall be, in any or either of the said cases, convicted thereof, by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before -one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, he shall, for every Offence, in either of the said cases, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings and be rendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the Office of a Coal-meter; which Penalty or Forfeiture, if not paid within one Calendar Month next after the Conviction of the offending Party, shall and maybe recovered of and from the Principal Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being, in like Manner as might have been against the Party fa convicted.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the Owners of any Works for raising Water by Fire, nor to the Owners of any-Coals to be bought, fold, and delivered, as and for Pool Measure; but that they shall and may have one Chaldron of Coals, or more, delivered under the Inspection of his or their own Agent, in the Absence of a Meter; and in that Case, such Persons are hereby respectively exempted from the Payment of any Metage Charge by virtue of this Act; but if such Persons shall reauire the Care or Attendance of the Meter to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, then, and in such Case, they shall pay the Metage Charge of four Pence by the Chaldron hereby laid, as other Containers of Coals are hereby obliged or ought to do in pursuance of this Act, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Labouring Coal-meter shall, from and after the said first Day of June, wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure (exceeding the Quantity, of seventeen Bushels) to be sent from any Wharf or Warehouse within the Limits of this Act, without being measured in the Manner herein before directed, and shall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or their or his Deputies at the said Office, within two Days next after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid and shall be duly convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, such Labouring Coal-meter shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal-meter within the Limits comprized in this Act, and forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the T>river of any Cart or Carriage with Coals loaded therein, from any Wharf or Place within the Limits of this Act, or any Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall deliver, or suffer to be delivered or taken from such Cart or Carriage, any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the Use of the Owner or Owners,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 14.

Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted, every such Person shall, (or every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and in case of Non-payment thereof, every such Offender thal} and may be committed, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, to the House of Correction for the said County of Surrey, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor lese than one Calendar Month* onlefe the said Penalty or Forfeiture be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be diffitisfied with, or think him or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Coals sold to him or her by Wharf Measure, within the Limits aforesaid, and shall, upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter’s Ticket accompanying such Coals, signify his or her Desire to have the same re-measured, then, and in every such Case, the Carman or Driver of the Cart or other Carriage in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals, and the said Cart or Carriage, until they are re-measured, under the Penalty of five Pounds on the Owner or Proprietor and twenty Shillings on the Driver of the said Cart or Carriage; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend, or cause to be font, to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to be re-measured, and also fend Notice thereof to the Land Coal-meter’s Office, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or one of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whole Inspection the said Coals were originally measured), shall, within the Space of two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the iJand Coal-meter’s Office aforesaid, attend to re-measure the said Coals, and shall accordingly re-measure the same. Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to see the same re-measured, and also in the Presence of one of the Principal or Labouring Coal-meters of or for the Cities of Londonor Westminster, if any such shall attend, the Attendance of whom shall have been procured by the Purchaser of the Coals; for which Re-admeasurement the Purchaser shall pay the Principal Coal-meters or Coal-meter appointed by this Act the Sum of six Pence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured; and in case the Coals thus re-measured shall not, in the Judgment of such Meter from the Cities of London or Westminster, if any such shall attend, and if not, then in the Judgment of such first-mentioned Principal or Labouring Coal-meter, amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushel of Coals found deficient, the Sum of five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure, to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Coals shall be so re-measured, and the Labouring Meter, under urhofe Inspection the Coals were first measured, shall for every Bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, which Sum, if not paid within five Days next after his Conviction, shall and may be recovered from the Person or Persons executing the Office of Principal Meter for the Time being, and the Coal Porters who shall measure the same for the Vender thereof, (nail, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Cart shall be Hopped or detained for the Purpose or Pretence of re-adraeafuring the Coals laden thereon, the Owner of every such Cart shall be entitled to the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence per Hour, for every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals; which two Millings and six Pence per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the same shall, upon such Re-admeasurement, be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of the said Coals, in case the same shall not be re-measured, or shall, upon such Re-admeasurement, be found to amount to the Quantity for whfeh the same were fold.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Seller of, or Dealer in Coals within the Limits aforesaid, shall, for any Offences under this Act, be subject or liable to any other Penalty, Forfeiture, or Disability, than what are herein before respectively inflicted or enacted; any Thing in the Act of the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the CqgI Trade), or in any other Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed and to be incurred by virtue of or under this Act, shall be recovered and applied in the Manner and to and for the Purposes following $ (that is to fey), such and so many of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as do and shall respectively exceed the Sum of five Pounds, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, one Moiety Vhereof, when recovered, shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (with full Costs of Suit) to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or (iie for the same; and all other the aforesaid Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by way of Complaint, made unto any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, who is and are hereby required to call the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such Complaint on Oath, or upon Affirmation (in case any Testimony in this Respect shall be given by any of the People called Quakers)% and upon due Proof thereof made, to his or their Satisfaction, to grant a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying such Penalties and Forfeiture^ accordingly, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offences shall have been respectively committed \ and in case such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not (after such Conviction or Convictions) be forthwith paid, that then the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices of the

XI

Coali may be re*measured.

PenJtiet on Vender, Meter, Me if found to be (hart Met* fare.

Carmen to be paid % 1. 6d.ptr Hour when (topped to re-mea-Stire Coda.

Dealert offending uoder this Act not liable to Penaltiet of 3 Geo. a, c. li, ax.

Penalties and

Forfeitures hoar to be recovered and applied.

X*

Persont aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

No Certiorari.

Ltmhatkn of Atfiont,

[General Issue.]

full Ccilt*

Referring the Rights of the City of London within Southwark.

pufclidc Ad.

[Preamble.]

24 Geo. 3. c. 25.

C. 15, 16. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Peace, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender or Offenders; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, nor less than seven Days, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour.

XXVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person so convicted as aforesaid shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County of Surrey, next after such Conviction, but not afterwards; and that Sessions, when so appealed to, shall, at the then next Sessions after bringing such Appeal, hear and finally determine the same; and if the Appellant in such Appeal shall not make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal, or prosecute the same with Effect, the said Court of Sessions shall then award such Costs as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged on and by such Conviction, paid to the Prosecutor or Informer; and for want thereof, to commit the Person or Persons thus appealing to the Common Gaol of and for the County of Surrey, there to remain until he or they shall and do make actual Payment of such Costs and Penalty, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the Purposes aforesaid: but in case the said Appellant shall make good, support and succeed in such his Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the same Court shall, in that Case, award to such Appellant reasonable Costs* to be then and there in open Court paid to him or them by the Person or Persons on whose Information or rrolecution such Conviction shall have been founded or made; and for want of such Payment, the said Court of Sessions shall commit such Informers and Prosecutors respectively to the Common Gaol of the said County of Surrey, there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to such Appellant the Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; but no Conviction to be pronounced or made y virtue of or under this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That no Writ of Certiorari shall issue or be issuable to remove the Record of any Conviction, or Proceedings thereon, to be taken, made, or pronounced, in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any A Chon, Information, or Suit shall be brought* filed, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, the same shall be commenced or filed within two Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits, or Informations, may plead the General Ifibe, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or filed after the Time for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury, in every such Case, shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendant* shall have full Costs, and such Remedy for the Recovery of the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or take away any Right, Property, or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, within the Borough of Southwark, in the said County of Surrey.

AXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, without specially pleading the same. '

CAP. XV.

An Act for augmenting and ascertaining the Income of the Rectors of the Parish Church and Parochial Chapel of Liverpool.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to explain and amend certain Provisions of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, respecting the better Regulation and Ma-nagemement of the Affairs of the East India Company.

WHEREAS, by virtue of an Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the

more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies; it is enacted, That whenever any Vacancy of the Office of Governor General or President, or of any Member of the Council, shall happen in any of the Presidencies of Fort William in Bengal, Fort Saint George, or Bombay respectively, the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall proceed to nominate and appoint a fit Person to supply such Vacancy from amongst their covenacted Servants in India% except to the Office of Governor General, or the Office of Governor or President of Fort Saint George^ or Bombay,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 16. 13

or of any Commander in Chief, to which several Offices the said Court of Directors have Liberty to appoint any other Person or Persons: And whereas a Doubt may arise whether, according to the strict Letter of the said Act, the Nominations and Appointments, made or to be made by the said Court of Directers, Of any of the covenacted Servants of the said Company to supply the vacant Office of any Counsellor or Counsellors in any of the Presidencies aforesaid, are or would be valid or effectual, unless such covenacted Servants were actually resident in India at the Time of the making such Nominations and Appointments respectively :* Therefore, for obviating any such Doubt, may it please your raoft Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and declared$ and be it enacted and declared by the King’s mod Excelled majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com- nions, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Nominations and Certain Nomi-Appointments which have been, or shall hereafter be made by the said Court of Directors, for supplying nationi of co*e-any such Vacancy or Vacancies as aforesaid, of any Person or Persons under Covenant, or who shall have ?tnled £ervan? been under Covenant to serve the said United Company in India, were and shall be accepted, held, and Si^on°del°f taken to have been and hereafter to be valid and effectual, wheresoever such Persons were or may happen to cltred valid," be resident at the Times of the making such Nominations and Appointments respectively.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Direc- No Person to be tors shall not appoint any Person to be of the Council, in any of the said Presidencies (other than the Go- appointed of the vemor General, or the Governor or President, or Commander in Chief), who shall not, at the Time of C°until (eicept his Appointment, have been twelve Years at the leaf!, in the Whole, resident in India, in the Civil Line of the Company’s Service; and if any such Appointment other than as aforesaid shall be made, the same shall whoha» not been be null and void. J» Year* in the

Civil Line of Service.

III. And whereas it is in and by the said Act also enacted, That when and (b often as the Number of Members of any of the Councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall by Death or Ab- fence, or by reaibn of Sicknefe, or otherwise, for fourteen Days, be reduced to two, including the Governor General, or President of such Council, the Person who shall stand Senior in such provisional Appointment as is therein before mentioned, or in case there shall be no such Appointment, then the Senior Civil Servant of the said Company upon the Spot shall be called to such Council, and shall have a Voice therein, in like Manner as if he had been appointed thereunto by the said Directors: And whereas the said recited Clause or Provision hath been productive of Difficulty and Embarrassment Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act, as directs tbit the Senior Civil Servant of the Company upon the Spot shall, upon any of the Occasions, or in any of the Events aforesaid, be called to the Council of any of the said Presidencies, or have Voice therein, (hill be, and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Number of Members of any of the Councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall, by Death or Resignation, be reduced to two, including the Governor General, or the President of such Council for the Time being respectively, and there shall happen to be no Person on the Spot provisionally appointed to succeed to a Seat in such Council, the Governor General and Council within the Presidency of Fort William, and the Governor or President and Council of Fort Saint Georgiy and the Governor or President and Council of Bombay, within their respective Presidencies, shall, and they are hereby severally required to call to such their respective Councils such Persons from amongst the Civil Servants of the said Company in such Government or Presidency respectively, who shall have been in the Service of the said Company in India, as a covenacted Servant, for the Space of twelve Years, at the least, in the Whole, as the said Governor Generali and Council, or Governors or Presidents and Councils, in their several Presidencies, shall severally and respectively think fit; and the Person io called shall have a Seat and Voice in Council, and continue to be a Member thereof until the Vacancy shall be duly supplied and filled, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and this present Act; and that every Person who shall be so called by the said Governor General and Council, or Governors or Presidents and Councils respectively, to a Seat in the Council of any of the said Presidencies, shall be intitled, for the Time he shall continue therein, to the Salary and Allowance annexed to that Office or Station, and shall and may continue to hold any other Office or Employment which be enjoyed at the Time of his being called to a Seat in Council, if compatible therewith; or such Office or Employment shall and may be held by any Deputy, approved and allowed by Order in Council, during the Time of the Person so called holding his Seat at the Council Board, such Deputy receiving the Profits and Emoluments thereof for his own Use and Benefit.

V. And whereas it is in and by the said recited Act enacted, That the Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in India for the Time being shall have Voice and Precedence in the Supreme Council next after the Governor General of Fort William; and that foe Commanders in Chief at Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall respectively be of the Council in the said respective Presidencies: And whereas it may be more expedient, that any such Commander in Chief should not, by virtue of his said Office, be

a Member of any of the said respective Councils, unless he be specially appointed thereto Be it therefore enacted, that so much and such Part of the said Act as directs, that the Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in India for the Time being, or the Commanders in Chief in the Presidencies or Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay, shall, by virtue of their said respective Offices, be a Member or Members of any of the Councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George. or Bombay, respectively, or have any Voice or Precedence therein, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this or in any former Act contained shall extend to preclude the Court of Directors of the said United Company horn appointing the Commander in Chief 19 of

A Clause in 24 Geo. 3. c. 25. recited.

and repealed.

Temporary Counsellori how to be appointed at Fort William, &c.

Part of the recited Act, rela-tire to Commanders in Chief, repealed*

Directors may appoint Commander in Chief to be Governor

14

Gtncral, 6e. at Fort William { or Cemmaoder in Chief of Fort Saint George, or Bombay, to be Frefideat there, 6c.

la extraordinary Ca(ei, the Governor General, he. may id without the Con* cunrence of the Comndl.

Governor General. 6c. to be responsible.

Red rift ion of the Powers given to the Governor General, 6c.

Discretionary Powtra not to be exercised by any Governor General, 6c. who dial I caf«. ally succeed to ffick Office.

Certain Ctfe* an which the new f ewer*

C. 16. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

of the Company’s Forces in India to be Governor General, or a Member of the Supreme Council at Fort William in Bengal\ or from appointing either of the said Commanders in Chief of Fort Saint George and Bombay to be President or Member of the Council for the Presidency wherein he shall so be the Commander in Chief; or to prevent or preclude the Court of Directors of the said Company from appointing the Governor General of Bengal* or any other Member of the Supreme Council for the Time being, to be the Commander in Chief of the Company’s Forces in India \ or from appointing either of the Governors or Presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or any of the Members of Council of the said respective Presidencies for the Time being, to be Commander in Chief of the Forces within the same Presidency of which he shall be the Governor or President, or a Member of Council, if the said Court of Directors shall think fit and expedient so to do.

VII. And whetcas it would tend greatly to the Strength and Security of the British Possessions in India,

and give Energy, Vigour, and Dispatch to the Measures and Proceedings of the executive Government within the respective Presidencies, if the Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, and the several Governors or Presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay were veiled with a discretionary Power of acting without the Concurrence of their respective Councils, or forbearing to act, according to their Opinions c in Cases of high Importance, and essentially affecting the public Interest and Welfare, thereby subjecting ( themselves personally to answer to their Country for so acting or forbearing toa& be it therefore enacted, That when and so often as any Measuror Quell ion shall be proposed or agitated in the Supreme Council at Fort William in Bengal, or in either of the Councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, whereby the Interests of the said United Company, or the Safety or Tranquillity of the Srttish Possessions in India, or any Part thereof, are or may, in the Judgment of the Governor General, or of the Presidents of such Councils respectively, be essentially concerned or affected; and the said Governor General, or such Presidents respectively, shall be of Opinion, that it will be expedient either that the Measures so proposed 'or agitated ought to be adopted or carried into Execution, or that the same ought to be fofpended, or wholly rejected, and the several other Members of such Council then present shall differ in, and difient from such Opinion, the said Governor General, or the President of such Council, and the other Members thereof shall, and they are hereby directed forthwith mutually to exchange with, and communicate in Council td each other in Writing, under their respective Hands (to be recorded at large on their Secret Confutations)‘, the respective Grounds and Reasons of their respective Opinions; and it, after considering the same, thd said Governor General, or the said Presidents respectively, and the other Members of the said Council^ shall severally retain their Opinions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor General in the Supreme Council of Fort William, or for either of the said Governors or Presidents in their respective Councils, to make and declare any Order (to be signed and subscribed by the said Governor General, or by the Governor or President making the same} for suspending or rejecting the Measure or Question so proposed or agitated, in Part or in Whole, or to make and declare such Order and Resolution for adopting and carrying the Measure so proposed or agitated into Execution, as the said Governor General, or the said Governors or Presidents, in their respective Councils, shall think fit and expedient; which said last mentioned Order and Resolution, so made and declared, shall be signed, as well by the said Governor Genera], or the Governor or President, so making and declaring the same, as by all the other Members of the Council then present, and shall be as effectual and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the said other Members had advised the same, or concurred therein; any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And the said Members of Council, and all Officers Civil and Military, and all other Persons concerned, shall be, and they are hereby commanded, authorised, and enjoined to be obedient thereto, and to be aiding and assisting in their respective Stations in the carrying the same into Execution.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor General, or the Governor or President, who shall declare and command any such Order or Resolution to be made and recorded without the Afient or Concurrence of any of the other Members of Council, shall alone be held responsible for the same, and the Consequences thereof.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give Power to the said Governor General of Fort fVtlUam in Bengal, or to either of the said Governors or Presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to make or carry into Execution any Order or Resolution which, before the passing of this Act, could not have been lawfully made and executed with the Concurrence of the Councils of their respective Governments or Presidencies; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give any discretionary Power or Authority of acting or forbearing to a£L without the Concurrence of the other Members of Council, unto any Person on whom the said Office of Governor General, or the said Office of Governor or President, respectively, shall happen to devolve, by the Death or Resignation of any Governor General, Governor or President, for the Time being relpec-lively, unless such Person shall have been provisionally appointed to succeed to such respective Office by the Court of Directors of the said Company, or unless and until he shall be afterwards confirmed in the said Office by the said Court; but that, during the Time any of the said Offices shall be so held and executed by any Person on whom the same shall have, so casually devolved, unless he shall have been so provisionally appointed thereto, or until he shall be so confirmed therein as aforesaid, all Matters, Acts, Orders, and Re-olutjons of the respective Council wherein such Persons shall so preside, shall be determined by the Majority of the Council, in the like Manner as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing.herein contained shall intitle the said Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, or either of the Governors or Presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 16.

respectively, to make or carry into Execution any Order or Resolution without the Concurrence of the Councils of their respective Governments, in any Matter which shall come under the Confederation of the Cud Governor General and Governors or Presidents, and their Councils respectively, in their judicial Capacity, or with respect to the nuking or repealing or fufoending any general Rule, Order, or Regulation, for the good Order and Civil Government of the said United Company’s Settlements, or with respect to the imposing of any Tax or Duty within their respective Governments or Presidencies.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and other Proceedings of the said Supreme Council, and of the find Councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, respectively, (nidi in future be expressed to be made by the Governor General in Council, or by the Governor or President in Council, and not otherwise; and that all the said Orders and Proceedings, previous to their being published in the respective Presidencies, shall be signed by the Chief Secretary to the Council of the Presidency, or his Deputy for the Time being, by the Authority of the Governor General in Council, or the Governor or President in Council; any Act or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas the Principle of Promotion and Advancement intended to be established by the said Act, so far as relates to the Civil Line of the Company’s Service in India, may be carried into Effect with more Convenience to the public Service in the Manner herein after directed;’ Be it therefore farther enacted, That all Vacancies, happening in any of the Offices, Places, or Employments, in the Civil Line of the Company’s Service in India (being under the Degree of a Member of the Council), shall be from Tune to Time filled up and supplied from amongst the Servants of the said Company belonging to the Presidency wherein such Vacancies shall respectively happen, subject only to the Restrictions in this Act contained, and no otherwise; any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the filling up and supplying such Vacancies, no Office, Place, or Employment, the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments whereof shall exceed five hundred Pounds per Annum, shall be conferred upon or granted to any of the said Servants, who shall not have been actually fefident in India3 in the Company’s Service, for the Space of three Years at the leaf!: in the whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employments shall exceed one thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually resident in India, in the said Service, for the Space of six Years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed three thousand Pounos per Annum, the same shall not be granted to, or conferred upon, any of the said Servants, who shall not have been actually resident in India, in the Company’s Service, for the Space of nine Years at the least in the whole; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of any Office, Place, or Employment, shall exceed four thousand Pounds per Annum, the same shall not be granted to, or conferred upon, any of the said Servants, who shall not have been actualfy resident in India, in the Company’s Service, for the Space of twelve Years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such Vacancy; and that all Appointments, Advancements, and Promotions, which shall be made for supplying any such Vacancies, other than as aforesaid, shall be null and void.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall for the future be capable of taking, in the Civil Line of the Company’s Service, two or more Offices, Places, or Employments, the joint Amount of the Salaries, Perquisites, and Emoluments of which shall exceed in the whole the annual Salary, Perquisites* and Emoluments respectively prescribed in the Regulations and Restrictions before mentioned; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas the said Court of Directors for the Time being are, in and by the said recited Act. required, from Time to Time, to appoint a Secret Committee, to consist of any Number of the said Directors, not exceeding three, for the particular Purposes in the said Act specified, but no Oath of Se- crccy was thereby provided or directed to be taken by the Members of such Secret Committee be it therefore further enacted, That the Oath of the Members of the said Secret Committee shall be of the Tenor following; (that is to say).

I A.B. do swear. That I will, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, faithfully execute the several Tracts and Powers reposed in me as a Member of the Secret Committee, appointed by the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; I will not disclose or make known any of the secret Orders or Instructions which shall be given, communicated, or transmitted to me by the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, concerning the levying of War, or the making of Peace, or treating or negociating with any of the Native Princes or States of India; save only to the u other Members of the said Secret Committee, or to the Person or Persons who shall be duly nominated and employed in transcribing or preparing the same respectively, unless I shall be authorised by the said Commissioners to disclose and make known the same*

So help me GOD.*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Oath shall be taken and subscribed by the present Members of the said Secret Committee within fourteen Days after this Act shall have received his Majesty's Assent; and that the future Members of the said Secret Committee shall take and subscribe the said Oath, before they shall respectively proceed to ad in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts to them given by the said former Act, and this present Act; and the said Oath shall and may be administered by the several and respective

r5

stall not be tx-reifed by the Governor Ge-Bfnl, Ice.

By whom tht Order of the Supreme Council* ice, lull bo expressed to be mode.

Vacancte* In Gvil Office* how to be fop-pHed.

Role* to be ohm ienred in filling of such Vicu« cieit

No Person to hold several Office* to e greater Amount than he S* one* tiled to hold if* a single Office.

Member of the Secret Committee to be loom.

The Oath.

Oath when to be taken.

i6

Secret Com* snitteet may employ Transcribcrtj

'who shall take an Oath of Secrecy,

C. 16 - 20. Anno vicemo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

foeSive Members of the said Committee to each other; and being so by them taken and fubltribed, the same shall be recorded by the Secretary of the said Court of Directors for the Time being, amongst the Acts of the said Court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Secret Committee, in the Execution of their said Powers and Trusts, shall find it necessary to employ any Person in transcribing or preparing any secret Dispatches, Orders, or Instru3ions, required to be transmitted by them to India, under the Direction of the said former Act, the said Dispatches, Orders, and Instructions shall be transcribed and prepared, either by the Secretary of the Court of Dire3ors for the Time being, or by the Officer called The Examiner of Indian Correspondence, for the Time being, and by no other Person or Persons, unlefe with the Approbation and Consent of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of India, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose first had and obtained; and that as well the said Secretary and Examiner, as every other Person who shall be intruded with the transcribing or preparing any of such Dispatches, Orders, or Instructions, shall, before they shall respectively enter upon that Duty, take and subscribe, before two or more of the Members of the said Secret Committee, an Oath of Secrecy* as near unto the Tenor and Form of the Oath herein before provided, and directed to be taken by the Members of the said Secret Committee, as the Case will admit;

and the Members of the said Committee, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and required to frame and administer such Oath accordingly, and to attest the taking and subscribing of the same by the said Secretary and Examiner, and all other Persons who shall be employed by them as aforesaid, and to cauie the same to be recorded amongst the Acts of the said Court of Directors.

[Commencement of this Act.]

XIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take place and have Commencement, in Great Britain* immediately after this Act shall have received his Majesty's Royal Assent; and shall take place and have Commencement, in the several Presidencies aforesaid, and in the Territories thereunto belonging, from the first Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

[Publick Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, a Publick Act.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within the Town of Tewkesbury. and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester; for the Removal of present. and Prevention of niture Encroachments, Nui fences, and Annoyances therein; for regulating Carts and other Carriages, and ascertaining the Rates of Carriage; and for widening some Part of the Street called Church-Street, within the said Town.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough of Deal, and the Parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourne, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tihnanftone, Bet-Jhanger Ham, and Sholden, in the County of Kent.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend and render more effedhial two Acts made in the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for ere£1-in% a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the Counts of Devon; and forfeiting toe Poor on Ivork, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon; and for applying for the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse certain Surplus Monies which have formerly an fen by the Assessment for raising the Lana Tax in the said Town-, and for granting further Power to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

CAP. XX.

An Act to amend, and render effectual, two Acts of the ninth and fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford.

14 Act 9 Geo. 3. and 15 Geo. 3. cap. 9. recited. Power given to raise the further Sum of 60,000l. by Mortgage. Arrears of interest upon the Share due at Midsummer 1785, made Stock. Proprietors of Shares to have such Dividends as the Company shall direct, not exceeding 41, per Cent. per Ann. till the Canal is completed, and 30,000l. paid offi or c/. ter Cent, per Ann. afterwards. interest of the Money bor- rowed to be paid, in Preference to Dividends upon the Shares. interest of the Money borrowed, by virtue of Act 15 Geo. 3. to be first paid. Proprietors may become possessed of one hundred Shares each. Power given to convey Water to the Canal from Churctover"

VIII. And whereas by a Clause in the said recited Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, all Persons are restrained from navigating or conveying any Coal or Culm, or Cinders burnt

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21 - 25. 7

from Coal or Culm, which shall have parted upon any Part of the said Navigation, down the Rivers Isis,

Charwell, and Thame, towards the City of London; which Restriction is improper to be continued be it therefore enacted, That lb much of the said Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Rfftri«f>ion as retrains the carrying or conveying of any Coal or Culm, or Cinders burnt from Coal or Culm, after the same shall have parted upon the said Navigation, or any Part thereof, down the Rivers Isis, Charwell\ and Thame, towards the City of London, and as inflicts any Penalty or Forfeiture for carrying or conveying the lhc jf,s a,ai-fame, shall, so far as restrains the carrying.or conveying any such Coals, Culm, or Cinders, upon any Part Weli, a of the said Rivers, or the River Thornes, between the said Canal and the Town of Reading, in the County of Thame, *»r.ed. Berts, be and is hereby repealed and made void.

u Company to appoint Officers, and take Security from the Treasurer. Publick Act."

---

CAP. XXI.

An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and Vill of Ramsgate, and the Parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, Walmer Ash next Sandwich, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone next Wingham, Chillenden, Nonnington, Woodnesborough otherwise Winsborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Elmestone, Preston next Wingham, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, in the County of Kent.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the Appointment of an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the County of Salop, and the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and Places within the same; and for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a new Shire Hall and Guildhall for the County of Salop and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for obviating all Doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive Power of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to nominate and appoint the Governor General and Council of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

---

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether, on the Nomination and Appointment of a Governor General, or any of the feveraLother Members of the Council of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in the East Indies, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the *4 Geo. 3.e.15. 4 East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, his Majesty's Approbation of the same, under his Sign Manual, be by Law required Therefore, for removing all Doubts respecting the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty's Approbation of the Nomination and Appointment of the Governor General, and His Majesty's of the several other Members of the Council of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, i*not, nor shall approbation of be necessary to render such Appointments respectively good and effectual in Law; and that all Nominations ^eo?of°Goirer-and Appointments of any such Governor General, or other Member or Members of the said Council of ITorGcne^r Fort William, by Authority of the Court of Directors of the said Company, since the passing of the before of Fo»t wil’iam mentioned Act, were good, valid, and effectual in the Law, notwithstanding his Majesty's Approbation of not necessary. the same was not signihed to the said Company, or to the Court of Directors of the said Company, under his Majesty's Sign Manual.

26 Geo. III.

CAP.

1.8

[Preamble.]

15 Geo. 3. c. 31.

After Jan. I.

1787, B^untie* to be tdiven to Vessels fitted cut from Great Britain, &c. frr the Newfoundland Fishery, qualified, 8cc. agreeable to ro An Gul. 3.

C. 2j.

Bounties to be paid the first too Vessels which shall arrite at Newfoundland wi h a Cargo of Fish:

Ditto to *he Second 100 Vef. fels which shall fo arrive.

Cenrficatet to the Coll-Uor of Customi from the Governor of Newfoundland of the Qjr-lifica-Iion of bhij»*,&c.

C. 26. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual the several Laws now in force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe', and for granting Bounties, for a limited Time, on certain Terms and Conditions.

WHEREAS the Bounties granted to a certain Number of Vessels employed in the British Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, by an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for tbs Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for Jcc u ring the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisheries, to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fishing Season, will expire on the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: And whereas, at the Exploration thereof, it is expedient that new Bounties should be granted, for a limited Time, under certain Conditions, Limitations, and Restrictions: And whereas it has been found by Experience, that several of the Provisions and Regulations contained in the Laws now in force for encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, are inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended,

and that it is requisite that other Provisions and Regulations should be enacted :* To that End, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the respective Bounties herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed annually, for ten Years, to a certain Number of Ships or Vessels employed in the British Fishery on the Banks of Newfoundland, under the Limitations and Restridiotis herein after exprefLd; that is to say. That such Vessels shall appear by their Register to be British-built, and wholly owned by his Majesty's Subjects residing in Great Britain, Ireland\ or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man; and shall be navigated each with a Master, and at lealt three Fourths of the Mariners being British Subjects, usually residing in his Majesty's European Dominions; and shall be in other Respects qualified and subject to the same Rules and Restrictions as are prescribed by an Act, made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland; and shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port in Great Britain, or from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and after that Day in each succeeding Year and shall proceed to the Banks of Newfoundland; and having catched a Cargo of Fish upon those Banks, confiding of not less than ten thousand Fish by Tale, shall land the same at any one of the Ports on the North, the East, or the South Side of the island of Newfoundland, between Cape Saint John and Cape Raye, on or before the fifteenth Day of July in each Year and shall make one more Trip, at least, to the said Banks, and return with another Cargo of Fish catched there, to the same Port: In which Case the one hundred Vessels which shall first arrive at the Island of Newfoundland from the Banks thereof, with a Cargo of Fish catched there, confiding of ten thousand Fish by Tale, at the least; and which, after landing the fipae at one of the Ports within the Limits before mentioned in Newfoundland, shall proceed again to the said Banks, and return to the said Island with another Cargo of Fish, shall, if navigated with not less than twelve Men each, he inti tied to forty Pounds each; but if any of the said one hundred Vessels, so first arriving as aforesaid, shall be navigated with less than twelve Men each, and not less than Ieven, they shall be inti tied to twenty-five Pounds each: Provided always, That if, in either of the Cases before mentioned, any of the one hundred Vessels, so first arriving as aforesaid, shall be wholly navigated by Men going out upon Shares; that is to say, receiving 2c certain Share of the Profits arising from the Voyage in lieu of Wages, such of the said Vessels as shall be so navigated by not less than twelve Men each, shall be intitled to fifty Pounds each; and if so navigated with a id's Number than twelve Men, and not less than seven, shall be intitled to thirty-five Pounds each. Aid further, that the one hundred Vessels which shall next so arrive in order of Time, on or before the said fifteenth Day of July in each Year, at the said island, with a like Cargo, and shall proceed again to the said Banks, and return from thence in the Manner herein before mentioned, shall, if navigated with not less than twelve Men each, be intitled to twenty-five Pounds each; but if such one hundred Vessels, so arriving as aforesaid the next in order of Time, shall be navigated each with less than twelve, and noV less than seven Men, they shall be intitled to eighteen Pounds each: Provided also, That if, in either of the Cales b.ft mentioned, any of the Vessels so arriving next in order of Time as aforesaid, shall be so navigated wholly by Men going out upon Shares; that is to say, receiving a certain Share of the Profits anting from the Voyage in lieu of Wages, such of the said Vessels as shall be (o navigated by not less than twelve Men each, shall be intitled to thirty-five Pounds each; and if (o navigated with a leis Number than twelve Men, and not less than seven, shall be intitled to twenty-one Pounds each; upon the Mlafter or Owner of every such Vessel respectively producing to the Collector or other Principal Officer of his IvIsl-jesty’s Customs, at the Port in Great Britain from whence such Vessel was cleared out, or, if cleared out from either of the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, to the Collector or other Principal OfE~ cer of the Customs in some Port of Great Britain, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor of Newfoundland, that the Master of such Vessel had produced to him a Certificate, under the Hands of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from whence such Vessel was cleared out, or if cleared out from the ifiands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderneyl under the Hands of the Governor or Deputy

7

19

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

Governor, and Principal Officer of the Customs there, testifying that such Vessel was duly qualified to proceed on such Fishery in pursuance of the before recited Act, made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King Willi am the Third; and that it has been made to appear to his Satisfaction, by a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer of the District in Newfoundland where such Fish was landed, or, where there is no Naval Officer, under the Hand and Se?l of the Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships (Rationed there, or of such Officer as the Governor shall approve, specifying the Time of such Vessel’s Arrival in Manner before directed, that such Vessel was intitled, by the Priority and Time of her Arrival, to one or other of the Bounties therein mentioned, as the Fact may be; and that the Matter and JVIate of such Vessel had made Oath, before such Naval or other Officer as aforesaid, that the Number of Fish taken on the first Trip amounted to ten thousand at least by Tale; that he had made two Trips at leatt, and that all the Fiin on both Trips were catched on the Banks of Newfoundland by the Crew of such Vessel only; which Certificate and Oath the said Governor, and Naval or other Officer as aforesaid, are hereby impowered and required to grant and administer to the Mailer and Mate of such Vessel, without Fee or Reward; and upon delivering up the said Certificate to such Collector, the respective Bounties therein mentioned shall be paid by such Collector in such and the like Manner, and out of the same Funds, as the Bounties herein before mentioned to have been granted by the said recited Act, made in the said fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in each and every Certificate of a Ship being duly qualified as aforesaid to proceed on the said Fishery, there shall be inserted the real Number of the Mariners then belonging to such Vessel, and intended to be employed in the said Fishery, distinguishing how many of them are new or green Men, and whether they are hired upon Shares, or are to receive Wages; which Fads are to be verified on the Oath of the Matter of the Vessel, made or taken before the Person who shall grant the said Certificate, and who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, and to insert such Fads in Rich Certificate; and if such Vessels shall be cleared out from the said Blands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, then such Oath shall be taken before a Magistrate of the Royal Court, in the Pretence of the Principal Officer of the Customs who shall grant such Certificate, the whole to be attested by the Governor of each of the said Islands respectively; on* Failure whereof, such Vessels shall be excluded from the Benefit of this Act, and shall not be intitled to or receive any of the Bounties herein before granted.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Certificates to be given and Affidavits taken in Newfoundland as aforesaid, in order to satisfy the said Governor of the said Bland, as to the Fads to ground his Certificate thereupon, as herein before directed, for the Payment of the said Bounties, ball and are hereby required, within the District of Saint John's, in the said island of Newfoundland, to be transmiaed to the said Governor at Saint John's, before the fifteenth Day of September in each Year and within any other District in the said Island before the thirtieth Day of September in each Year, in order that he may perfectly examine the Documents, and thoroughly investigate the same, so as to be able clearly and justly to settle the Times of the Arrivals as aforesaid of the several and respective Vessels, and adjust the different Bounties, and to whom they are and ought severally to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter of a Vessel, intitled to any of the Bounties herein before granted, shall, before he shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer at the Port in Great Britain where he shall arrive on his Return from the said Fishery upon the Banks of Newfoundland, that all the Men belonging to his Ship who (ailed out with him, or a Number of Men equal thereto, are returned to Great Britain, umeis any of his Crew shall have died at Newfoundland, or in the said Voyage, either on the Passage out or Return Home, or have deserted without his Knowledge or Consent, or have been shipped in or on board British Vessels bound for foreign Markets; which Fads shall also be verified on Oath by every such Matter, before the said Officers or Officer of the Customs, who are respectively hereby authorised and required to administer the same.

V. And whereas, by the said recited Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That no Hirer or Employer shall pay or advance to any Seaman or Fisherman, or either of them, during the Time he shall be in his Service, more than Half the Wages which shall at any Time be due to him: And whereas in the Case of green Men, the Advance of one Half of the Wages

may not always be sufficient to fit them out and clothe them for the Season be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Hirer or Employer of any such green Men engaged in the said Fishery, to advance to any such green Man, during the Time he shall be in his Service, a Sum not exceeding five rounds ten Shillings, although the same mail amount to more than one Half of the Wages which shall be due to him, provided a Sum equal to the then current Price of a Man’s Passage Home, not exceeding forty Shillings for each Man, be reserved to bear the Charge of his Return Home, as directed by the fold before-recited Act of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

VI. And whereas in and by the said recited Act, made in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is directed. That in case any Seaman or Fisherman shall at any Time wilfully absent himself from his Duty or Employ, without the Leave and Consent of his Hirer or Employer, or the Agent of such Hirer or Employer, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to work, according to the true Intent and Mean- ing of his Contraid or Agreement, he (nail, for every Day he shall so absent himself, or neglect or refuse to work, forfeit two Days Pay to such Owner or Employer: And whereas the said Penalties have been found insufficient be it therefore enacted, That, where any such Seaman or Fisherman shall so wilfully absent himself from his Duty or Employ, without the Leave or Consent of his Hirer or Employer) or shall

Matters and Mates to make Oath,

Colleger* of Customs to pay the Bounties.

Number of Mariners bdonp.ig to etch VefiVl to be inserted in the Certificate of Qualification.

Certificates given, and Affidavits taken in Newfoundland, when to be transmitted to the Governor.

Matters of Vessels, previous to receiving the Bounties, to make Oath relative to the Number of theif Men returned.

What Proportion of their Wage* shall be advanced to green Men dpring the Time of their Service.

Penalty on Seamen, fire. absenting themselves from or neglecting the it Employ.

20

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

Master to be J worn before Oil or Blubber admitted ro Entry Duty-free.

A similar Oath to be taken relative to Seal Skim.

Clause relative to Oil. See. pure ha fed at Newfoundland, and importei from thenceinfo Great Britain.

Bond to be given to his Majesty for Payment of the Old Subsidy, See on the Importation tf Salt.

Such R.-nds to b« cancelled, &c. on Exportation thereof wi hin ia Mon hs.

Not to use any Sean cr Net for catching Cod, wtiofc Mdh it

C. 26.

A.D. 1786.

wilfully neglect or refuse to work, for the Space of one Day, he shall, for every Day he shall so absent himself, or wilfully neglect or refuse to work, forfeit any Number of Days Pay not exceeding five, as the find Governor of Newfoundland, or his Surrogate, may think just and reasonable; and such Forfeiture shall be paid to the Hirer or Employer of such Seaman or Fisherman, in Recomnence for the Lois or Damage which he may have sustained by means of, or through such Absence, Neglect of Duty, or Refusal to work.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, before any Oil or Blubber, imported from Newfoundland into Great Britain, shall he admitted to Entry Duty-free, the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall make Oath before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain into winch the said Oil or Blubber is imported (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath), that the same, and every Part thereof, is really and bona fide the Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from his Majesty's European Dominions, and usually residing in the said Dominions; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Seal Skins, imported from Newfoundland into Great Britain, shall be admitted to Entry Duty-free, the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall make Oath before the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain into which such Seal Skins are imported (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath), that the same are really and bona fide the Skins of Seals actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the said Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from his Majesty's European Dominions, and usually residing in the said Dominions; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Oil, Blubbed, or Seal Skins, shall be purchased in the said Island of Newfoundland, or the Parts adjacent, and imported into Great Britain from thence, the same shall and may pc admitted to Entry Duty -free, provided the Alafler, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall make Oath of all and every the Particulars reflecting the Purchase thereof, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain into which such Oil, Blubber, or Seal Skins,' are imported (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath); and shall produce and deliver to such Collector, or other Chief Officer, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer of the District in Newfoundland where such Oil, Blubber, or Seal Skins were purchased; or if there shall not be any Naval Officer at such Place, then under the Hand and Seal of the Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships stationed there, (edifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby authorised and required, in such Case, to administer the same), by the Person or Persons wno actually caught the Fish from which the Oil, Blubber, or the Seals from which the Skins mentioned in such Certificate was produced or came, that such Oil or Blubber was really and bona fide the Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, or that such Skins were really and bona fide the Skins of Seals, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shorts of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on tht said Fishery from his Majesty's European Dominions, and usually residing in the said Dominions; and provided such Malter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel lb importing such Oil, Blubber, and Seal Skins, dull also make Oath, before such Collector or other Chief Officer (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that the Oil, Blubber, or Seal Skins lb imported, are the same Oil, Blubber, or Seal Skins, mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Importation of any foreign Salt into this Kingdom from any Place from whence, and in the Manner in which such Salt may be legally imported, the Importer or Proprietor of such Salt shall be at Liberty to give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of the Duty commonly called The Old Subsidy, and all further Subfiles, Imposts, and Duties, due and payable to and for the Customs upon such Salt, within the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond, but without any Discount or Allowance for prompt Payment of the said Duties, or either of them; which Bond the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Importation are hereby authorised to take in his Majesty's Name, and thereupon to permit such Salt to be entered and landed in the usual Manner; and if such Salt shall be exported again within the said Space of twelve Calendar Months, the Bonds which shall have been given for the said Duties thereon, shall be cancelled and discharged; and in case the full Duties payable to the Customs for such Salt shall have been paid at or before the Expiration of the said twelve Calendar Months, and such Salt shall be afterwards expoircd into foreign Parts within the Time allowed by Law, a Drawback of all the said Duties which were so paid shall be allowed in the same Manner as the former Drawback of the Customs upon the Exportation of Salt, was, could, or might be paid; and such Salt shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures (except where any Alteration is made by this Act), as such Salt was subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force before the making of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to or for any Person or Persons concerned or employed in carrying on the said Fishery, or for any Seaman or Filliertnan hired ior the Purport; of carrying on the said Fishery, to use, or cause to be made use of, on the Shores of

21

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

the said Island of Newfoundland, any Sean or Net of any Kind or Description whatsoever, for the Purpose f>ur

ot catching Cod Fish by hauling such Sean or Net on Shore, or tucking fuel) Sean or Net into any Boat Ul~

or Boats, the Scale or iwefh of which laid Sean or Net shall be less in Dimension than four Inches, under

the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence; which Offence may be heard and determined, and the Penalty hereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the Court of Session of the said Island, provided that such Offence be complained of within the Space of three Calendar Months after the Commission of the same.

[Preamble.]

XII. And whereas it is essential to the Naval Strength of Great Britain, that the Desertion of Seamen and Fishermen employed in the Fishery of Newfoundland, and the Parts adjacent, should be prevented:

And whereas, by reason of their superior Skill as Seamen and Fishermen, and as Artificers of the Implements and Utensils necessary to the carrying on of such Fisheries, they are, by great Temptations,

exposed to be seduced into thd Service and Employ of the Subjects of foreign States: And whereas the Regulations and Provisions made in and by an Act, paired in the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, herein before mentioned, are not fuiEcient to prevent the Desertion of such Seamen and Fishermen to the Service of the Subjects of foreign States be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Seaman or Fisherman, hired or employed in the carrying on of the said Fishery, shall desert if any British from the said Island of Newfoundland, or from the said Fishery, with Intent to enter into the Service of any Seaman, &c. foreign State, or of any of the Subjects of any foreign State, or shall have in any wise agreed so to absent f^jll desert, or himself, or desert with such Intent, or shall have actually entered into such Service as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of Newfoundland, or his Surrogates, or for the Judge of the Vice ]4nd, with ln-Admiralty Court for the Time being, or for any Justice of the Peace in Newfoundland respectively, to issue tent toener in-fiis or their Warrant or Warrants to apprehend such Person so deferring, or having agreed to desert as to the Service of

aforesaid, and on the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to commit him to VCbe*m

Triton, there to remain until the next Court of Session which shall be holden in pursuance of the Commission ^7// sec of the Governor for the Time being; and if found guilty of the said Offence at such Session, that it shall 9

and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Session to order such Deserter as aforesaid to be detained in Prison, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Months, in calc he shall have come from his Majesty's European Dominions for the Purpose of carrying on the Fisheries aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful and sent Home: for such Governor, within the Space of three Months, if he shall see fit, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to cause every such Person so having deserted, or agreed to desert, to be put on board a Passage Ship

or Vessel, in order to his being conveyed back to the Country to which he belonged, and for which the

Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall be paid in Manner herein after mentioned; and every Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Passage Ship or Vessel, shall be, and is hereby required to take on board such and so many of such Persons as the said Governor shall direct, not exceeding four for each one hundred Tons of the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and so in Proportion for every such Ship or Vessel under one hundred Tons: Provided nevertheless. Til it no Person shall be so put on board of any Ship or Vessel which shall not be of the Burthen of forty Tons: But if any Person or Persons convicted of deserting, or agreeing to Bur if not from desert, as aforesaid, shall not have come from his Majesty's European Dominions for tile Purpose of car- his Majesty* rying Oil the Fisheries aforesaid, then, and in such Case, that it shall and may be lawful for the said* Court of E.urtPc*nDomi-St-flion to commit such Person or Persons to Prison, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any ",0.n5’

Time not exceeding twelve Calendar Months. foVi^Momht.

[Preamble.]

XIV. And whereas it is of great Importance to the Trade, Manufacture, and Navigation of Great Britain, and of his Majesty's Dominions in tlurope, that all Trade and mercantile Intercourse between his Majesty's Subjects, redding or carrying on Fishery in the Island of Newfoundland with the Subjects of any foreign State, should be prohibited: And whereas it is essentially necessary to the Preservation of the Benefits arising from the Fishery aforesaid, to prevent the Sale of any Ships, Vessels, or Boats, or of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture of the same, and of all and all Manner of Utensils and Implements,

which are or may be used in catching and curing Fish, and also of all Articles and Commodities of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the said Island of Newfoundland, to the Subjects of any foreign State, or to any other than the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and also to prohibit the Purchase of any Goods or XJommodities whatsoever, from the Subjects of any foreign State be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, residing in, Fi/fcermen at or carrying on Fishery in the said Island of Newfoundland, or on the Banks thereof, there to fell, b.irter, or Newfoundland exchange any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of what Kind or Description lbever, or any Tackel, Apparel, or Vef Furniture, uttd, or which may be used by any Ship, Vessel, or Boat; or any Seans, Nets,-or other im- leV, &c.^oor" plements or Utensils, used, or which may be used, in catching or curing Fish; or any Kind of Bait with *ny F«. whatsoever, used, or which may be used, in the catching of J* ifh; or any Kind of Fish, Oil, Blubber, reiser.

Seal Skins, Peltry, Fuel, Wood, or Timber, to or with any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the Sul jects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, reflding or Offender:h«e*n carrying on Fishery in the said Island of Newfoundland, shall there fell, barter, or exchange, or cause to be tobccom®btcdj fold, bartered, or exchanged, or shall endeavour to fell, barter, or exchange, or shall be aiding or ailitting in felling, bartering, or exchanging, or causing to be sold, bartered, or exchanged, any such Ship, Veiled,

Boa*, or any Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, used, or which may be used for the Purpose of navigating any Ship, Veiled, or Boat; or any Scans, Nets, or other Implements or Utensils used, or which may be iikd, in catching or curing Fish; or any Kind of Bait Whatsoever, used, or which may he used, in catching

2 2

and to forfeit Treble the V*. lue of the Articles fold, &c.

Such Fishermea not to purchase any Goods of, or to barterwith, Foreigners for the same. Offenders to be committed, and to forfeit Treble the Value of the Goods.

Not to extend to the Importation of Bread, dec*

No more than 40 a. to be paid for the Passage of any Person from Newfoundland, dec.

Such Payments, in csie of a Deficiency in the Fond for that Purpose, to be made by the Commissionert of the Navy.

Recital of 4 Geo. 3. c. 15.

C. 26. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Fish; or any Fish, Oil, Blubber, Seal Skins, Fuel, Wood, or Timber, to any Person or Persons being the Subjects of any foreign State, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of Newfoundland, or his Surrogates, or for any Justice of the Peace in Newfoundland, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to apprehend every such Offender, and, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to commit him to Prison, there to remain until the next Court of Session which shall be holden in pursuance of the Commission of the said Governor for the Time being; and all and every such Person or Persons, if found guilty of the said Offence at such Session, shall forfeit and pay Treble the Value of the Articles so fold, or caused to be sold, or attempted to be sold, as aforesaid, or bartered or taken in Exchange, or in the felling, bartering, or exchanging of which, or causing so be sold, bartered, or exchanged, such Person or Persons was or were aiding or assisting, and the same shall be levied of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant to be granted by the said Court of Session for that Purpose; and in case no (roods upon which such Distress can be made shall be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order such Person or Persons to be punished and dealt with in the same Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to Deserters, or Persons agreeing to desert.

XVI. And whereas it is highly injurious to the Trade and Manufactures of his Majesty's Dominions in Europe, that Persons residing or carrying on Fishery in the Island of Newfoundland, or Parts adjacent,

or on the Banks of the said Island of Newfoundland, should be supplied with any Goods or Commodities whatsoever by the Subjects of any foreign State ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons residing or carrying on Fishery in the Island of Newfoundland, or Parts adjacent, or on the Banks of the said Island of Newfoundland, shall there purchase, or take in Exchange, or by way of Barter, or cause to be purchased or taken in Exchange, or by way of Barter, or be aiding or ailifting in the purchasing, bartering for, or taking in Exchange, any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, from any Person or Persons being a Subject or Subjects of any foreign State; and that every Person or Persons residing or carrying on Fishery in the said Island of Newfoundland, or Parts adjacent, or on the Banks of the said Island of Newfoundland, who shall there purchase, barter for, pr take in Exchange, or shall cause to be purchased, bartered for, or taken in Exchange, any such Goods or Commodities in Manner aforesaid, shall be apprehended and committed to Prison, and, on due Conviction before the Court of Session, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Goods or Commodities so purchased, or taken in Barter or Exchange, or procured to be purchased, or taken in Barter or Exchange, or in the Purchase, Barter, or taking of which in Exchange, such Person shall have been aiding or assisting, and the same shall be levied of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant to be granted by the said Court of Session for that Purpose 5 and in case no Goods upon which such Distress can be made, shall be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order such Person or Persons to be punished and dealt with in the same Manner as is herein before directed with respect to Deserters or Persons agreeing to desert.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from being imported into the (kid Island of Newfoundland in certain British Vessels, in pursuance of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum for which the said Governor shall agree with the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, for the Passage of any Person or Persons from the said Island, to the Place or Places to which he or they belonged, shall in no Case exceed the Sum of forty Shillings for each Person, and shall be paid to the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel out of the Monies which shall arise from Forfeitures incurred for any Offence committed against this Act, or the Acts herein before recited, upon such Matter producing to the said Court of Session, a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of such Governor, of the Numbers and Names of the Persons respectively taken on board by his Direction, and of the Times they were taken on board respectively, and the several Sums agreed to be paid as aforesaid which Sums the Court of Session are hereby required to cause to be paid to such Matter, if sufficient Funds for that Purpose shall remain in the Hands of the said Court.

XIX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if no sufficient Fund for the Payment of any Sum or Sums, fa agreed upon as aforesaid, shall remain in the Hands of the said Court of Session, then and in such Case every such Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, who shall have taken on board any Number of Persons by Order of the Governor, in Manner herein before directed, upon producing a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the said Governor, in Manner herein before directed, and making an Affidavit at his Return, setting forth the Time during which he subsisted such Person or Persons, and that he did not, during that Time, want any of his own Complement of Men, or how many he did want of such Complement, and for what Time, shall receive from the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being (who are hereby required to cause the same to be paid) six Pence per Diem for the Passage and Provisions of such Person or Persons from the Day of their Embarkation homewards to the Day of their Arrival in Great Britain, the said Sum of six Pence per Diem only being deducted for such Time and so many Persons as he wanted of his Complement during his Voyage.

XX. And whereas it is enacted, in and by an Act passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign* intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual^ an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America 5" for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, toward* defraying the Expences of defending, protesting, and/touring the said Colonies and Plantations;

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

for explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, u An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Planta- tion Trade i" and for altering and disallowingfever *1 Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain; That if any British Ship or Vessel shall be found landing into, or coming out from, either of the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, or hovering or at an Anchor within two Leagues of the Coast thereof, or shall be discovered to have taken any Goods or Merchandizes on board at either of them, or to have been there* for that Purpose, such Ship or Vessel, and all the Goods so taken on board there, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of his Majesty's Customs; and the Matter, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, and every Person concerned in taking such Goods on board, shall forfeit treble the Value thereof: And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act may not be sufficient to effectuate the good Purposes thereby intended, or to prevent the Export or Sale of Ships, Vessels, and Boats,

and of all other the Goods and Commodities herein before enumerated and prohibited to be sold to the Subjects of any foreign State, or the Purchase and Import of the Goods and Commodities of such foreign States ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Officer or Officers, having the Command of any of his Majesty's Ships ttationed at the Bl ind of Newfoundland, to stop and detain all and every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of what Nature or Description soever, coming to, or going from the said llland, and belonging to, or in the Service or Occupation of any of his Majesty's Subjects residing in, trafficking with, or carrying on Fishery in the Island of Newfoundland, Parts adjacent, or on the Banks of the said Island of Newfoundland, which he shall have Reason to suspect to be going to, or coming from, the Islands of Saint Pierre or Miquelon, for the Purposes before mentioned, in any Place within the Limits of their Station, and to detain, learch, and examine, such Ship, Vessel, or Boat; and that if, upon such Search or Examination, it shall appear to such Officer or Officers that there is reasonable Ground to believe that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or any Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture, used, or which may be used, by any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or any Implements or Utensils used, or which may be used, in the catching or curing of Fish, or any Fish, Oil, Blubber, Seal Skins, Fuel, Wood, or Timber, then on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, was or were intended to be sold, bartered for, or exchanged, to the Subjects of any foreign State, or shall be discovered to have been so fold, bartered for, or exchanged; or if any Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be found on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or shall be discovered to have been on board, having been purchased or taken in Barter or Exchange from the Subjects of any foreign State; then, and in every such Case, to seize and fend back such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to the Island of Newfoundland; and that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and such Goods and Commodities so found on board, shall, upon due Condemnation, be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted for that Purpose, by the Officer or Officers fo seizing the same, in the Vice Admiralty Court of the said Island of New* foundland\ such Forfeiture to be given, one Moiety to the said Officer or Officers, and the other Moiety to the Governor of Newfoundland for the Time being, to be applied, under the Direction of such Governor, in defraying the PaiLges home of such Person or Persons as by this or any former Act are directed to be sent back to the Country to which they belong.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Libel, Information, or other Suit or Proceeding whatsoever, shall be commenced and brought to Trial, in the Court of Vice Admiralty in the said Island of Newfoundland, on account of the Seizure of any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods, for the Condemnation of the same, for any of the causes herein before mentioned, wherein a Decree shall be pronounced for or in favour of the Defendant or Defendants, Claimer or Claimers thereof, and it shall appear to the Judge or Court,* before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause for seizing the said Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods, the Judge before whom the said Cause shall be tried shall certify on the Record that there was a probable Cause for the seizing of the said Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods; a Copy of which Certificate shall be delivered to the Prosecutor, under the Hands and Seals of such Judge or Judges; and that, in such Case, the Defendant shall not be entitled to any Coils of Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Person or Persons who seized such Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods, be liable to any Action, Indictment, or other Prosecution, on account of such Seizure; and that if any Action, Indictment, or Prosecution, mail be brought or preferred against any Person or Terlons, who shall have obtained such Copy of such Certificate as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty's Courts in Great Britain, such Copy shall be admitted in Evidence on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, and shall have the hke Force and E lie ft as the Certificate on Record would have had in the Case of such Action, Indictment, or other Prosecution, being brought or preferred in the Island of Newfoundland.

XXI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Indictment, or other Prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to Trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of the Seizure of any such Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Goods, wherein a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before whom such Action or Prosecution shall be tried shall certify on the Record that there was a probable Cause of such Seizure, that the Plaintiff, besides his Ship, Vessel, Boar, or Goods, lo seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be intitled to above two Pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above one Shilling.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of, or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, finch Action or rrofccudon shall be commenced within the Space of three Months after the Ostence shall have been committed

23

Officers of his Majesty's Ships Rationed at Newfoundland mar de'ain fuf* pc£>ed Vessel#, and search them t

And if any contraband Goods are found on board, such Vessels and Goods shall befurfeited.

Clause relative to Suita in Newfoundland on account of the Seisuie of Vessel?, &c.

Plaintiff* gaining a Verdict shall not be intitled to Ci ft?, it there was probable Cauieof Seizure*

Limitation of Actiona*

24

G:ntr*\ IiTuc.

[Treble Costs.]

Fine* and Forfeited Good*, &c. how to be applied*

Part of the Act of 15 Geo. 3. repealed*

The recited Act (except. See.) to remain in force*

[Preamble.]

C. 26 - 31. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 178(5.

mitted; and in case the Person or Persons making such Seizure as aforesaid shall have quitted the said Island of Newfoundland before the Expiration of three Months from the Time of the Offence committed, then that Inch Action or Hrofecution shall be commenced within three Months after his or their Return to Great Britain; and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence for his and their Defence, and that the same was done in Profeciftion and by Authority of the said Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Court shall adjudge and decree, or the Jury shall find, in the Courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland respectively, for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonrfuited, or discontinue his Action, Libel, or other Proceedings in the Courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland, after the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as the Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Fines or Penalties inflicted by this Act, or by the Acts herein before recited, and to be levied upon the Seamen or Fishermen, except those for Neglect of Duty; and that such Ships, Vessels, or Goods, as shall be seized, condemned, and forfeited as before mentioned, except such the Distribution whereof is otherwise directed by this Act, shall be given, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Governor of Newfoundland for the Time being, to be applied, under the Direction of such Governor, in defraying the Passages home of such Person or Persons as by this or any former Act are directed to be feat back to the Country to which they belong.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as gives any Jurisdiction to the Court of Vice Admiralty* for the said Island of Newfoundland with respect to enquiring into and determining Disputes concerning the Wages of any Seamen or Fishermen, or any Offence committed by any Hirer or Employer of such Seamen or Fishermen, or any Controversies or Differences arising from their Contracts or Agreements, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said herein-before recited Acts contained, which are not altered or repealed by this present Act, shall continue and remain in full Force.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for authorizing the Lord Chief Baron, and remanent Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated Money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed Estates in Scotland\ to pay a certain Sum to the Society in Scotland for propagating Christian Knowledge, for the Purposes, and under the Conditions therein mentioned.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Ronford> in the Liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the County of Essex,

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to enable his Majesty to licence a Play-house within the Town and Port of Margate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, under certain Restrictions therein limited.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal to Fradicy Heath, in the County of Stafford \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44 Acts 8 Geo. 3. c. 36. 23 Geo. 3. c. 33. 25 Geo. 3.~c. 99. recited. Coventry Company impowered to borrow the further Sum of 40,000l. and to assign the Navigation as a Security. Mortgages to be registered, and may be assigned. Interest of the Money borrowed to be paid prior to any Dividends to the Company; and may be paid out of the Principal, until the Canal is completed. Dividends limited to three per Cent, till the Canal is completed. Proprietors may become possessed of a greater Number of Shares than directed by the former Act, but not to exceed thirty. Publick Act."

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament, heretofore made and passed, it was enacted, That all the Monies which at the End of any Quarter of a Year should or might arise from the respective Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies of the several Publick Funds in the said Acts described, should be appropriated, reserved, and employed as a Sinking Fund, to and for discharging the Principal and Interest

25

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 31.

of the national Debts and Incumbrances, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatever: And whereas, for the Want of sufficient Provisions for the confiant Application of the said Monas, according to the true Intent of the said Acts, the good Purposes thereof have not been fuiidled: And whereas,

by the great increase of the National Debt, it is now become necessary to ellablifti a permanent Dlan for the Reduction of the same :* We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being delirous of making a lading Provision for the Maintenance of the publick Credit, do most humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the End of the two Quarters of a Year, which will end on the fifth Day of July, ai d tire tenth Day < f Odder, 1 effectively, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and at the End of every (.hunter of a Year, ending the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of J if, and the tenth Day of October, reflectively, in every succeeding Year, there shall be issued or ft t apart at his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, rurfuant to the several Acts in that Behalf made and provided, out of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies composing the aforesaid Sinking Fund, a sufficient Sum to make good, to the Day on which such Quarter shall end, all such Interests or Annuities, or Darts of IntciclR cr Annuities, or Deficiencies of Funds provided for the Payment of Interefis or Annuities, as shall be IjxcLlIy charged on the said Sinking Fund; and that after such Sum shall have been so issued or fetapait, there shall then be further let apart, in the said Receipt of Exchequer, out of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies composing the said Sinking Fund, a Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies then remaining in the said Receipt of Exchequer shall be sufficient to satisfy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the End of any such Quarter of a Year, after issuing or setting apart the Sums necessary to make good to the Day on which such Quarter shall end, all such Interefis or Annuities, or Parts of Interests or Annuities, or Deficiencies of Funds provided for the Payment of Interests or Annuities, as shall be specially, charged on the said Sinking Fund, there shall not remain in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, Monies arising out of the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies composing the said Sinking Fund, sufficient to provide for the Payment of the before mentioned Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, the Amount of the Deficiency shall be carried for ward as a Charge on the Monies which shall remain in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, after issuing or setting apart the Sums herein before directed to be previously issued or let apart, at the End of the next and every other succeeding Quarter in the same Year, until such Deficiency shall have been made good, every such Year being computed from the fifth Day of January to the fifth Day of January following.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nil Monies which shall remain in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, out of the said Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, at the End of any Quarter of a Year ending as aforesaid, or at the End of any Year computed as aforesaid, after issuing or setting apart the several Sums herein before directed to be previously ifibed or let apart, shall be applied to the above-mentioned Purposes in the Order following (that is to say). That at the End of any Quarter of a Year ending as aforesaid, the said Monies shall first be applied to make good any Deficiency or Deficiencies (if any such there shall have been) in the Payment of the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, due at the End of any preceding Quarter or Quarters of a Year within the same Year, computed as aforesaid, in the Order in which such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall have arisen; and that so much of the said Monies as shall remain in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at the End of any such Quarter of a Year, after such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall have been so made good, shall be applied to the Payment of the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds due at the End of such Quarter, or to the Payment of such Part thereof as the same shall be sufficient to satisfy.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time it should happen that at the End of the Year ending the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, or at the End of any future Year, computed as aforesaid, after Provision shall have been made for all Payments for which Monies are previously to be set apart or issued according to the Directions of this Act, the said Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, composing the Sinking F'und, shall not be sufficient to make good as well all such Deficiencies as shall have arisenduiing such Year, as the Payment of the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds then due, in every such Case, the Amount of such Deficiency or Deficiencies, whether the same shall have arilen in any preceding Quarter or Quarters within such Year, or in the Quarter ending on the fifth Day of January on which such Year shall end, shall not be carried forward as a Charge on the said Sinking Fund at the End of the next succeeding Quarter, but shall be made good out of any Aids or Supplies which shall be or shall have been granted by Parliament for the Service of the then current Year and the Amount of such Deficiency or Deficiencies so to be made good, shall be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Manner herein after directed, within ten Days after Monies sufficient to answer the same shall have been paid into his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, on account of any such Aids or Supplies.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Monies so set apart, at the End of any Quarter of a Year ending as aforesaid, or of any Year computed as aforesaid, either for the Payment of the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds due at the End of such Quarter, or of any Part thereof, or for making good such Deficiency or Deficiencies as aforesaid, shall forthwith be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall by them be placed to an Account to be raised in their Books, and to be intituled. The Accompt of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for applying certain Sums of

£50,000! to He

let a^jart, quarterly, out of the SiMp’ufk* of the ^ir kin.j Fund, &c.

Uo* t> peered in c»ie of a Deficiency in the Gal duipluflcs.

Surpluses te« maining (at ef former Incumbrances profiled for) how to be applied.

Deficienuti at the End of any Year to be made good out of the Supplies granted the same Year,

The Monies set apart quarterly, to be paid imo the Bank

26

and to be ip-

plied in reducing the national Debt.

Officer* of the Exchequer retrained relative to the ilTuinp the Produce of the Stinking Fund.

To whom the redeemed Stock shall be trans-trrid,

When any of the

herein recited Annuities shall cease, by the Expiration of the Terms for which they were granted.

C. 31. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Money annually to the Redaction of the national Debt: And that as well all such Monies, as any other Monies which shall be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of this Act, to be placed to the said Account, shall be applied by the Commissioners herein after appointed towards the Reoudion of the national Debt, in the Manner herein after directed, and to no other Intent or Purpose, and in no other Manner whatever.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer to set apart or iilue, out of the Monies composing the Sinking Fund, at the End of any Quarter, any Sum or Sums of Money, for any Service whatever, other than as in this Act is provided, until the Sum or Sums which are directed by this Act to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the said Commidinners, shall have been set apart or issued as aforesaid; and that in like Manner it llull not be lawful for the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, after the fifth Day of January in any Year, to issue any Sum or Sums of Money for any Service whatever, out of any Monies which shall then remain in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer from any Aids or Supplies granted for the Service of the current Year, or out of any Monies which shall be received into the Exchequer after the said fifth Day of January, from such Aids or Supplies, until the Sum or Sums (if any such there shall be) which shall be payable by virtue of this Act to the Governor and Company of the Bantt of England, on account of the said Commissioners, out of the said Aids or Supplies, shall have been set apart or issued as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of such Publick Annuities as shall be redeemed or paid off by virtue of this Act, in the Manner herein after directed, shall be transferred to the Accompt of the said Commissioners, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, or of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, respectively, as the Case may be; and that the Dividends payable thereon shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any of the following Publick Annuities shall cease and determine, by the Expiration of the Terms for which they were rel;>edively granted; (that is to say), the Annuities granted for one, two, and three Lives, and charged by an Act of the fifth of King William and Queen Mary, upon two Sevenths ofa nine Shilling per Barrel Excise; the Annuities granted for one, two, and three Lives, determined by the Acts of the second and third of Queen Anne, and for ninety-nine Years, by one other Act of the third and fourth of Queen Anne, and charged upon the three thousand seven hundred Pounds per Week Excise by the said Act; the Annuities granted for ninety-nine Years, by an Act of the fourth or Queen Anne, and charged upon an Addition of nine Shillings Per Barrel Excise, and of an Addition of one third of the Subsidy of Tonnage, established by an Act of the ninth of King William the Third; the Annuities granted for ninety-nine Years, by an Act of the fifth of Queen Anns, and charged upon the Duties on Hawkers and Pedlars, Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper $ and the Annuities established by an Act of the sixth of Queen Anne, for ninety-nine Years, and charged upon the Surplus of the Duties granted for Payment of the Annuities established by the two former Acts of the fourth and fifth of Queen Anne; and the Annuities established for ninety-nine Years, granted by one other Act of the sixth of Queen Anne, and charged upon a further additional Half Subsidy of Tonnage by the said Act; and the several Annuities on Single Lives, granted by an Act of the eighteenth of King George the Second, and charged upon the Duties on Wines imported, by the said Act; the Annuities on Single Lives, granted by an Act of the nineteenth of King George the Second, and charged on the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, by the said Act; anti the Annuities on Single Lives, granted by an Act of the thirtieth of King George the Second, and charged on the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and by a subsequent Act charged on the Sinking Fund; and certain Annuities granted for Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, by an Act of the fifth of King George the Third, and charged upon the Sinking Fund; and the Annuities on Single Lives, granted by an Act of the eighteenth of King George the Third, and charged upon the Duties on Wines and inhabited Houses by the said Act; and the Annuities on Lives, granted by an Act of the nineteenth of King George the Third, and charged jjpon an additional Duty of five Pounds per Centum Excise, five Pounds/w Centum additional Subsidy on Customs, Tax on Post Hories, and on Stamp Duties, established by the said Act; and the several and respective Annuities granted for ninety-nine Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one; for ninety-eight Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, consolidated and charged on the Sinking Fund by an Act of the fourth of King George the Third; the Annuities granted for eighty Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by an Act of the twentieth of King George the Third, and charged on the Duties on Wines and Salt, and on fandry other Duties established by the said Act; the Annuities established by an Act of the twenty-second of King George the Third, for seventy-eight Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and charged on the Duties on Tobacco, Snuff, Salt, and sundry other Duties granted by the said Act; the Annuities granted for seventy-seven Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by an Act of the twenty-third of King George the Third, and charged upon Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Receipts, and sundry other Duties granted by the said Act; and the Annuities granted for seventy-five Years and six Months, from the filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, by an Act of the twenty-fourth of King George the Third, and charged upon additional Duties on Candles, Bricks, and Tiles, and sundry other Duties granted by the said Act; the Annuities granted for

thirty Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, and, by an Act

27

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 31.

of the eighteenth of King George the Third, charged upon the Duties on Wines and inhabited Houses by the said Act; the Annuities granted for twenty-nine Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and, by an Act of the nineteenth of King George the Third, charged upon an additional Duty -of five Pounds per Centum Excise, five Pounds per Centum Subsidy, Tax on Post Horses, and Stamp Duties on Paper, by the find Act; and the Annuities granted by an Act of the seventeenth of King George the Third, for ten Years, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and fever^y-seven, and charged upon the Sinking Fund; in every such Case, all Duties which shall be ap-

{>licable to the Payment of such Annuities, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, shall continue to be evied and collected, and shall continue to be applied to such Payment, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as the same were levied, collected, and applied immediately before the Determination of such Annuities respectively; and that from and after the Determination of such Annuities, the Monies now payable thereon shall be issued, from Time to Time, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be placed to the Account of the said Co;n-missioners.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so soon as any Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of any Publick Annuities, or so soon as any Annuities for L ives or Years shall have been placed, as herein before directed, to the Account of the said Commissioners, no Sum or Sums of Money shall thenceforth be issued or paid for or on Account of the Charges of Management of such Stock or Annuities.

the Duties applicable io the Payment ^hereof shall continue to be levied, and the M nie* paN able there, ft fl»ni be iflTm d tO the Bank, 8cc.

When fly S oclc /ha,) be placed to the Account of the Commissioner», n 1 Money shall be issued

for the Management thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies whatever, which shall be placed from Time to Time to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall be applied by them either in Payments for the Redemption of such redeemable Publick Annuities as shall be at or above Par, in such Manner and at such Periods as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, or to the Purchase of any Publick Annuities below Par in the Manner herein after directed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies whatever which shall be placed from Time to Time to the Account of the said Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, which shall not be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament to be applied in Payment for the Redemption of any redeemable Publick Annuities at or above Par, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in Payments for the Purchase of Publick Annuities below Par, in the following Manner; (that is to say). That all Monies so to be applied, which shall have been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners between the fifth Day of April in any Year and the first Day of May then next ensuing, shall be applied to the Purchase of such Annuities, in equal Portions, as nearly as may be, on every Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transferable, between the said first Day of May and the first Day of August then next ensuing; and in like Manner, the Sums fo to be applied, which shall have been placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, between the End of any such Quarter and the first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of such Quarter, shall be applied to the Purchase of such Annuities, in equal Portions, as nearly as may be, on every Day (Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transferable, between the said first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of such Quarter, and the first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of the Quarter next ensuing.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time it shall happen that there shall be no subsisting Publick Annuities below Par, and that the necessary Measures shall Jiot have been previously taken by Parliament, to enable and direct the said Commissioners to apply the Monies, which shall have been placed to their Account (by virtue of this Act) to the Redemption of any fub-fiftingf Publick Annuities which shall then be at or above Par, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to apply the said Monies to the Purchase of any subsisting Publick Annuities at or above Par, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations and Restrictions, as are herein before provided with respect to the Purchase of Publick Annuities below Par.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think it expedient, at any Time between the End of any Quarter and the first Day of the Calendar Month which shall commence next after the End of such Quarter, to fub-scribe any of the Monies which shall have been placed to their Account at the End of such Quarter; and also all such Monies as shall be to be placed to their Account, by virtue of this Act, during the Remainder of the-then current Year, computed as by this Act directed, towards any publick Loan, to be raised by virtue of any future Act or Acts of Parliament, by such Annuities as are herein after mentioned, that is to say. Perpetual Annuities, subject only to Redemption at Par, for which the Sinking Fund shall be collateral Security: Provided always, That the Capital Stock of such Annuities so to be granted shall bear the Came Rate of Interest with Lome Capital Stock of redeemable Publick Annuities then subsisting; and that the Amount of the Capital Stock to be given for every Sum of one hundred Pounds so to be subscribed, shall be estimated according to the Market Price of such subsisting Stock at the Time of such Subscription.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Chancellor of his Majesty's Exchequer, the Master of the Rolls, the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, for the Time being respectively, shall be Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act; and that all Powers and Authorities, which the said Commissioners are or may be enabled or required to exercise, by the present

Monte* pUceJ to ihe Account of the Commissioners to be applied in Redem - ion of Ann jiti? $ At or above Far. Mo't particulaf Application of the Moniei to be placed to the Account of the Commissioner*

Direction* for the t'ommi/Ii oner* when there are no Annuities below Paf.

Commissionert impowered to subscribe towards any future Publick Loan, dec.

Who frail be Commissiemen*

28

C. 31.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

or any future Act or Acts of Parliament, shall and may be exercised by any Number, not less than four,

of the said Commissioners.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore fa id, That the said Commissioners shall be, and they are hereby authoris'd to appoint and employ such Clerks and other (.)dicers as shall be necessary; and that all Proceedings whatever, to tc had by or before the said Commissioners, shall be entered in proper Books.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Order of the said Commissioners shall at any Time be a ur.Hcient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for issuing and paying any Part of the Money to be vested in the said Commissioners, in the Manner herein directed; and such Person or Persons as shall, from Time jo Time, be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners, to make 0 e Purchases of Publick Debts and Annuities, on the Account of the said Commissioners for the Uic of the Publick, and for the Purposes of this Act, is and are hereby authorised and enabled to accept the Transfer of any Stock or Annuities to be purchased in the Manner herein before directed, and to make the Payments for the same to the Persons from whom the same shall be purchased, and to give or accept all the neceiffry Receipts and Acquittances on the Pa.t of the said Commissioners: Provided always, That such Nomination and Appointment shall, from Time to Time, be notified to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Hands of the said Commissioners.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Account shall be made up to the first Day of February in every Year, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of all Sums whatever which shall have been paid to the said Governor and Company, or carried in their Books to the Account of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and also of all Sums of Principal or Capital Stock of Publick Annuities, which in pursuance of this or any other Act, within the Year comprehended in the said Account, shall have been purchased, redeemed, or paid off by the said Commissioners, together with the Interest accruing thereupon; and also of the annual Amount and Particulars of any Annuities for Lives or Years, the Terms of which shall have expired within the said Year, to the fifth Day of January in every Year after the passing of this Act; which Account the said Governor and Company are hereby required to lay before both Houses of Parliament on or before the fifteenth Day of February immediately following, if Parliament shall be then fitting; and if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a similar Account of all the said several Particulars, and for the same Periods, shall also be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament, within the same Period, by the said Commissioners, together also with an Account of the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off any Parts of the Publick Debts and Annuities, and an Account of the several Prices paid for the same, and of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Duplicates of the said Accounts shall be laid, at the same Time, before the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts y

and the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts are hereby authorised and required to proceed to the Examination thereof immediately after the End of the Session of Parliament in which such Account shall have been so laid before the two Houses of Parliament; after which Examination by the said Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, such Account shall be further proceeded upon, and finally determined, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Form and Manner as is and by Law ought to be prac-

tifed in the Case of Accounts for Monies issued at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by way of lov-

press, and upon Account.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever the whole Sum annruaTTy

annually recur- receivable by the said Commissioners, including as well the quarterly Sum of two hundred and fifty

m munmlhau" t^ou^n^ Pounds herein before directed to be issued from the Exchequer, as the several Annuiues and

am runt to Dividends of Stock to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Go-

4,000,000l. the vernor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of this Act, shall amount in the Whole to four Dividends due Millions annually, ihe Dividends due on such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock as shall thence-

an stock paid oft forth be paid off’ by the said Commissioners, and the Monies payable on such Annuities for Lives or

fhui bee- nGder- Years as may afterwards ccafe and determine, shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by Parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as Parliament shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or

counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully act or afftl in the forging or counterfeiting any Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present Act, or alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or present for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders f knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered), then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person and Persons, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall give Security, to the good Liking of the said Commissioniers* for duly performing the Trust hereby in him or them reposed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any Aids or Supplies which shall be granted for the Service of each Year, the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incidental Charges, not

hereby

Comrrvfliorers may employ Clerk*, &c.

The Bark to pay such Money hefted ;n the Co rr million era shall be ordered by them, &c.

The Bank to nuke up their Account with the Com trillion-is annually }

whith shall be laid betoie Parliament.

Commissioners to lay an Account of their Proceedings before Parliament!

and before the Commissioners for auditing Publick Ac-

When the Sum

ed as rede rr.cd by Parliament. Penalty on forging any Certificate, ice. made by virtue of this Act.

Ca'Ueri rf the Ha-ik. to give bc-cutity.

Tr< afijry may

dDclw^-i inci-drnial Cha ees, &c. ot eitcuiing this Act.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 32 - 35. 29

thereby otherwise provided for, as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them mall seem just and reasonable, and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be proper, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Caftfiers, and any other Person or Persons (other than the said Commissioners for performing the Trust hereby reposed in him or them $ all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the Services, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the South Sea Company, respectively, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Companies respectively, and at their Dif-potil only.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

1,500,000l.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

1,000,000l.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for altering the Days of Payment of the Long Annuities, and Annuities for thirty and twenty-nine Years.

WHEREAS several Annuities, granted by divers Acts of Parliament, to continue from the respective Times of their Commencement for certain Terms of ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty, seventy-eight, seventy-seven Years, and seventy-five Years and six Months, and then to cease, which were consolidated and made payable at the Bank of England, and are there distinguished by the Appellation of Long Annuities \ and also other Annuities granted for thirty and twenty-nine Years, and consolidated and made one Joint Stock of Annuities, by an Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of George the Third, payable likewise at the Bank of England; all which said Annuities to continue for ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty, seventy-eight, seventy-leven Years, and seventy-five Years and six Months, and for thirty and twenty-nine Years, from the Times of their said respective Commencements, were, by the

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Payment of the several Annuities above mentioned for the Half Year which shall become due on the fifth Day of July ode thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the subsequent Payments thereof dial], with the Content of the Proprietor^, be made in Manner following; that is to say, one quarterly Payment of the said Annuities shall be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from and after the said tenth Day of UJoker one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, such Annuities shall be paid and payable half-yeany, on the fifth Day of April, and the tenth Day of Othber, in every Year, until the Quarter Day mxt preceding the Time at which the several Annuities, according to the several Acts of Parliament for granting the same, shall respectively determine; and the Quarter’s Annuity for the Time then remaining unexpired shall be paid on the quarterly Day of Payment on which the same shall become due.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors of the said respective Annuities who shall not, on or before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, signify their Diilent to the said Alteration of the Times for the Payment of the said Annuities, in Books to be o;*ened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to allent- thereto; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That all the Provisions. Powers, and Directions in the several Acts of Parliament relative to the Payment of the several and respective Annuities aforementioned, and the Clauses therein for charging the same on the several Funds provided for Payment thereof, shall take Effect, operate, and be executed, with respect to the Payment of the said Annuities on the Days hereby appointed, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein repeated, re-enacted, and applied to the Payments to be made by the Authority of this Act.

CAP. XXXV.

After-July 1786, the recited Annuities to be paid < n October 10, and April 5, yearly.

Proprietor* deemed to aflrnt to the Alteration, uole^ they signify their Dissent, &c.

Provisions of former Acts to operate with respect to the Payments on the Dayg hereby ap-ponied.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled*

An Act to explain, amend\ and render more effectual, an All, passed in the twenty-third Year of his present Af'. u’iy’s intituled, An Act for authorizing the Treasurer of the Navy to pay to the Garrison and

" Naval Department at Gibraltar, the like Bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of War, as is allowed "to the Of n ers and Mm cn board any of jois Majesty's Ships of War taking or destroying Ships of War belonging to the Enemy A

.$0 C. 36. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle of Matt-, for limiting the Quantity of British refined Sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled, An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufacture of the Isle of Man *, and for the mere easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheats Bar ley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, authorised by an Act made in this Sejfxon to be transported to the said Island, as relates to permitting any Person to import into the Isle of Man Fish from any Place what-o ever, except from Great Britain, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for reducing the

*5 Geo. 3. < 63. y, Allowances for Weste on Suit, and Rock Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to Jersey,

Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the Laws allowing the life of foul Salt for Alanure only; far allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Salts; for refraining Eifh Curers from being Dealers in Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on Salt; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences agairjt the Laws relating to the Duties on Sait; it is enacted, That, from and after the hi ft Day of Aug if I one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, each and every c f the several Allowances theretofore granted for Waste on White Salt and Rock Salt carried Coastwise, or shipped or exported to Ireland, or the Isle of Man, should be

reduced and lellened; and that instead thereof there should be allowed* from thenceforth for Waste on White Salt, and Rock Salt, exported to- the Isle of Man, after the Rate of two Bushels for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and alter the Rate of one Buftiel for every forty BuQiels of Rock Salt, and no more; and in that Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity: And whereas by the said Act it is provided, enacted, and declared, That, instead of the Allowance for Waste of four Bushels for every forty Buftiels of White Salt, and of two Bushels for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt shipped for Exportation to the Isle of Man, in pursuance of an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

20 Geo. 3. c. 34.

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and for regulating the Exportation of Salt to the Isle of Man; every Exporter of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or the Isle of Man, should be allowed only one Bushel for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and Half a Bushel for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, in Consideration of the ordinary Waste in the Carriage thereof: And whereas Doubts may arise touching the Allowances to be made for Waste on the Exportation of White Salt and Rock Salt to the Isle of

Alan :* In order to obviate the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com-Allowtnce for mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Waste on Salt first mentioned Act as enacts, that the Allowance for Waste on White Salt and Rock Salt exported to the Isle°rf Mt0 ur Man, shall be after the Rate of two Bushels for every forty Bushels of White Salt, and after the

leced. 40 Rate of one Bushel for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt, and no more, and in that Proportion for every greater or Idler Quantity, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that all Allowances hereafter to be made for Waste on White Salt and Rock Salt to be exported to the Isle of Man, shall be after the Rate of one Bushel in forty Bushels of White Salt, and after the Rate of Half a Bushel in forty Bushels of Rock Salt, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; and that no other greater Allowances shall be made.

Recital of 4

II. And whereas by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

7 Geo. 3. c. 45. An Act for encouraging and regulating the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy Supply of the Inhabitants there with a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour,

authorised by an Act made in this Session to be transported to the said Island; it is, amongst other Things,

enacted, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any three of them, shall and may grant Licence (to continue in force three Months) to any of his Majesty's Subjects, to export from any Port of England into the Port of Douglas in the Isle of Man, but to none other, in British Ships navigated according to Law, amongst other Articles, any Quantity of Spirits, not exceeding in the Whole fifty thousand Gallons of British distilled Spirits, and thirty thousand Gallons of Rum, the Produce of the British) Plantations, in one Year: And whereas it is expedient that the Quantity of British refined Sugar exported from Great Britain into the Isle of Man, should in like Manner be limited be it From July 5, therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 1 hat, from and after the fifth Day of July one thou-17*6* "oBriti®1 sand seven hundred and eighty-six, no British refined Sugar shall be imported into the said Isle of but

be imported into onty as bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in Great Britain, and carried direiftly

the I0e of Men, from thence, under the Restrictions and Limitations, and from such Port or Place, as is herein after men-except under tioned, on rain of the Forfeiture of all such Sugar as shall be imported or carried thither contrary to the certain Refine* true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Value thereof, together with the Vessel in which the iamc shall

lions.

3*

Whit Quantity of such Sugar iray be exported annually from Liverpool to Douglas in the Isle of Milt

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 37, 38.

be so imported or carried, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England^ or any three of them, shall and may grant Licence, without Fee or Reward (to continue in force three Months), to any of his Majesty's Subjects, to export from the Port of Liverpool into the Port of Douglas in the IjU of Man, but to none other, in British-built Ships navigated according to Law, any Quantity of British refined Sugar, not exceeding four hundred hundred Weight of Sugar fully refined, and ten hundred Weight of refined Sugar Bastard, to commence from the said filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and in like Manner in every succeeding Year; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[No such Sugar to be exported from the Isle of Man.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no British refined Sugar shall be exported, or shipped, or taken on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported from the said Isle of Man, to any Place whatever, on Pain of the Forfeiture of the same, or the Value thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel, and the Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Ammunition thereunto belonging.

[Regulations relative to the Importation of Fish into the Isle of Man.]

V. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act, it is amongst other Things provided, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the Isle of Man Fish of all Sons from any Port or Place whatsoever, except from Great Britain only, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatsoever:

And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Act, so far as it relates to Fish, except tw permitting a limited Quantity thereof to be imported into the said Bland in the Time of Scarcity, by reason of Failure in the Fiftiery carried on upon the Coast thereof by the Inhabitants there be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and dghty-six, the said recited Act, so far as it relates to Fish, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; except that it shall and may be lawful, on Failure of the Fishery carried on upon the Coast thereof, for the House of Keys^ in the said Bland, to permit and allow the Importation of any Quantity of foreign Herrings into the said Island; for the Consumption thereof, not exceeding one thousand Barrels in any one Year, without Payment of any Custom or other Duty whatever.

---

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for laying a Toll upon all Horses and Carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for regulating the Time of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts; for abolishing the Claim of Fees of Gaolers, and others, in the Cases of such Imprisonment; and for ascertaining the Qualifications of the Commissioners.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament now in force, and made to establish or regulate Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts in several Cities, Towns, Districts, and Places within this Kingdom, there is no uniform Time limited for the Duration of the Imprisonment of the Defendant or Debtor, against whom an Execution, Process of Contempt, or Precept in the Nature of an Execution, is issued for Nonpayment of such Debts and Costs, Sum or Sums of Money, as by the Order or Orders of such Courts such Debtor or Defendant is ordered or directed to pay, but such Debtors or Defendants are by such Acts of Parliament to be committed to Prison, there to remain for an indefinite Length of Time, until he, she, or they shall perform the Order of the Court of Commissioners in that Behalf; so that it frequently happens that a poor Person, who is not of Ability to pay a Debt of or under forty Shillings is imprisoned for many Months, and sometimes for Years, without a Possibility of being discharged: And whereas it often happens that poor Persons, who are committed to Prison by virtue of and in pursuance of the said Acts of Parliament, for a trifling Debt, are kept in Custody after they have been enabled to pay and discharge such Debt, for Gaol Fees: And whereas an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament

[25 Geo. 3. c. 45.]

(intituled, An Act for reducing the Time for the Imprisonment of Debtors committed to Prison, upon Prosecutions in Courts of Conscience, in London, Middlesex, and the Borough of Southwark, to the same Periods in each Court; and for abolishing Fees paid by those Debtors to Gaolers, or others, on account of such Imprisonment), the Purposes of which Act have been found to be beneficial; and it is expedient that the like Provisions should be extended to all other Courts instituted for the Recovery of Small Debts: Therefore be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Limitation of the Time of Imprisonment of Debtors committed by Courts of Conscience.]

That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person whosoever, being a Debtor or Defendant, and who has been or shall be committed to any Gaol or Prison by Order of any Court, or Commissioners authorised by any Act or Acts of Parliament for constituting or regulating any Court or Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts, where

32 C. 38. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

the Debt does not exceed twenty Shillings, shall be kept or continued in Custody, on any Pretence whatsoever, more than twenty Days from the Commencement of this Act, or from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison; and where the original Debt does not amount to or exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, more than forty Days from the Commencement of this Act, or from the Time or his, her, or their Commitment as aforesaid; and all Gaolers, Keepers, or Turnkeys, are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

[Debtors found guilty of a fraudulent Concealment of their Effects, may be imprisoned for a longer Term.]

II. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debt to the said Courts from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, upon the Summons of any Person for Debt before the said Court of Commissioners, Information of any such Practice shall be given, such Court or Commissioners shall have Power to hear Evidence as to such fraudulent Concealment; and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses (which Oath the said Court or Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer, and which Oath, if falsely taken, shall subject the Party or Parties so taking it to all the Pains and Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury), that any such Debtor has Money or Goods which he has wilfully and fraudulently concealed; in that Case, the Court or Commissioners shall have Power to enlarge the aforesaid Times of imprisonment for Debts under twenty Shillings, to any Time not exceeding thirty Days, and for Debts under forty Shillings, to any Time not exceeding sixty Days; which said Circumstance or Ground of further Detention shall be specified in the said Commitment; and the Depositions of the Witnesses shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to each respective Court or Commissioners.

[Debtors not liable to pay Gaol Fees.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the Expiration of the said respective Times of Imprisonment as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall immediately be discharged and set at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of such Gaol or Prison, or others, by Way of Gaol Fees, or Discharge Fees, or otherwise, on any Pretence whatsoever;

[Penalty on Gaolers demanding such Fees.]

and every Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any such Gaol or Prison, or others, demanding, taking, or receiving any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons, committed or to be committed to his Custody as aforesaid, or keeping or detaining any such Person or Persons, Prisoner or Prisoners, after the respective Times limited by this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

[Two Justices may determine Offences against this Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two Justices of the Peace where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act; which said two Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out their Warrant under their Hands and Seals, for levying the said Penalty of five Pounds so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where the Goods of such Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of two Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

[Penalties and Forfeitures how to be applied.]

V. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this Act (the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be divided and distributed in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall be committed; and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

[Informations to be exhibited within a limited Time.]

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to be convicted before any Justices of the Peace, for any Offence committed against this Act, unless Complaint or Information shall be made or exhibited against such Person or Persons within two Calendar Months after such Offence committed.

[Process not to issue against the Body and Goods of the same Person.]

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Court or Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons, where the Party intitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

[Qualification of Commissioners.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Acts for constituting such Courts, unless such Person shall be a Householder within the County, District, City, Liberty, or Place, for which he shall act, and shall be possessed of a real Estate of the annual Value of twenty Pounds, or of a personal Estate of the Value of five hundred Pounds:

[Penalty on acting not being qualified.]

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Acts for constituting such Courts, every Person so acting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on the Case, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or other wise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of any

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 39, 40. 33

of the Acts constituting such Courts: Provided always, That such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Places, and for opening new Streets, Markets, and Passages, within the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Annoyances therein, and for regulating the publick Markets, and Common Stage Waggons, Drays, and Carts, carrying Goods for Hire.

CAP. XL.

An Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine re-landing of Goods,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in force, made to secure the Payment of the Duties due on such Goods as are admissible to an Entry upon Importation into this Kingdom from foreign Parts, and to prevent the clandestine and fraudulent Importation and Exportation of prohibited Goods, and the

---

re- landing of Goods shipped for Exportation, intitled either to Bounty or Drawback, have been found inefficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Times herein after mentioned, no Goods or Commodities shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, in Parts beyond the Seas, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, belonging in the Whole or in Part to his Majesty's Subjects, unless the Master or other Person Having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, respectively, importing such Goods, shall have on board a Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, signed by such Master or other Person, containing the Name or Names of the several and respective Ports or Places where the Goods in such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, mentioned, shall have been respectively laden or taken on board, the Name and Built of such Ship or Vessel, and the true Admeasurement or Tonnage thereof, according to the Register of the same, together with the Christian and Surname of the Master, or other person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel truly belongs; and a just, true, correct, and particular Account of all the Cargo, and of all Packages of Goods so laden or taken on board, with the several and respective Marks thereon; and of the Particulars of the Cargo which is stowed loose; and of the following Particulars, in Words at Length; (that is to say). The several and respective Numbers of the Packages, with a particular Description thereof, whether Leaguer, Pipe, Butt, Puncheon, Hogshead, Barrel, or other Cask or Package, describing such other Calk or Package by its usual or ordinary Name; or whether Case, Bale, Pack, Truss, Chest, Box, Bundle, or other Package, or by such other Name or Description as the same is usually called or known.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wine of any Sort shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever in foreign Parts, not belonging to or under the Dominion of the Crown of Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, unless the Master. or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Wine shall be laden, shall have on board, in like Manner, a Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, made out and signed by such Master or other Person, on of before the Clearing or Departure of every such Ship or Vessel from each and every such Port or Place where such Wine shall be laden on board, containing the Name of the several and respective Ports or Places where the Wine mentioned in such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, shall have been so respectively laden or taken on board; the Name and Built of such Ship or Vessel, and the true Admeasurement or Tonnage thereof; together with the Christian and Surname of the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel truly belongs; and a just, true, correct, and particular Account of the whole Quantity of Wine, distinguishing the Quantity of each different Kind, so taken on board as aforesaid, and of the several and respective Marks upon the different Packages respectively, ^nd, if known, the Names of the Persons to whom the Wines are respectively con signed; and also, in Words at Length, the several and respective Numbers of the Packages, with a particular Description thereof, whether Leaguer, Pipe, Butt, Puncheon, Hogshead, Barrel, or other Cask or Package, or by what Name or Description such other Cask or Package may be usually called or known: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend^ to permit any Goods or Commodities whatever, which are now by Law required to be accompanied with Certificates or other Documents, to be imported into Great Britain without all and every such Certificate or Certificates, or other Documentor Documents, so required; but the same shall, and are hereby directed and required to be accompanied, as^ well with such Certificate or other Document, as with the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, herein before directed; and, on Failure thereof, the Goods shall respectively continue to be liable to all and every the Duties, Regulations, and Restrictions, and to the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects, to which the same are or shall be subject and liable by Law, as if this Act had not been made. *6 Geo. III. F III. And

No Good* to be imported into Great Britain in any Vessel belonging to British subjects, an «fs the Matter have<»n board a Manifest, containing the Particulars herein mentioned.

No Wine to be imported from any Place not subject to the Crown of Great Britain, eoless the Master ba« a proper Manifest on board.

Certificate# requisite on the Importation of Condi at heretofore.

34

Mafier* of Vef* it U, before clearing out for Great Britain, from an* of the British Dominions in foteign Parts, to deliver a Ma-liifeft to the Chief Officer of the Customs, &c.

Truth of the

Manifest? to be verified on Oath, before the Con-fui, &c. relative to Wine fluffed in foreign Porta for Great Britain.

Penalty on Maf* ten of Vessels importing Goods without a proper Manifest.

Masters of Vessels, on Arrival within Leagues-of the British Coast, nreto gro> duce their Ma uifeffs to the first Officer of the Co floors who shall come on hoard, and give him a Copy thereof*

Officer to certify, such Product ion on the Back of the original Ma* nifieft, and to transmit the Copy to the proper Officers at the Port of Con. ignroent, &c.

C. 40. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

III. And be it further enacted, That before any Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out for Great Britain with any Goods or Commodities whatever, from any Port or Place in any Colony, Plantation, Island, or Territory in foreign Parts, belonging to or under the Dominion of the Crown of Great Britain, the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall deliver the Manifest or Content, in Writing, herein before required, to the Collector of the Customs (if there be such an Officer at or near to such Place)j and if there shall not be a Collector of the Customs there, then to the Chief Officer of the Customs; and if there shall not be any Officer of the Customs there, then to the principal Officer or Magistrate, or some other Person by him specially appointed for that Purpose, resident at or nearest to such Place; which said Collector or other Chief Officer or Magistrate, or other Person by him appointed as aforesaid, shall respectively cause a Duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and shall indorse upon the original Manifest or Content his Name, with the Day and Year on which the same was produced to such Collector or other Chief Officer or Magistrate, or Person by him appointed, as aforesaid and shall then return the said original Manifest or Content, to the said Master or other Person on or before the clearing of any such Ship or Vessel; and such Collector, or other Chief Officer or A'lagistrate, or Other Person specially appointed as aforesaid, shall respectively, at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, immediately transmit the said Duplicate of such Adanifeft or Content, so made -as before directed under his Hand and Seal, to the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port in Great Britain to which the Goods are consigned, and to which the Manifests respectively refer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sort of Wine shall be admitted to an Entry, on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, from any Port or Place in Parts beyond the Sea?, not belonging to or under the Dominion of the Crown of Great Britain, unless the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of each and every Ship or Vessel importing the same, shall, before his Departure from the Port or Place where such Wine is shipped or laden on board, verify upon Oath the Truth of the Contents of the (laid Manifest or Mar»i-fefts, in respect of the said Wine, before the British Consul or other Chief British Officer, if there shall be any such resident at or near to the Port or Place where such Wine shall be laden or taken on boards which Oath the said Britisf) Consuls, or other Chief British Officers, is and are hereby respectively author-rifed and required to administer.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, belonging in the Whole or in Part to his Majesty's Subjects* from any Port or Place whatever in foreign Parts without such Manifest or Manifests* or Content or Contents, in Writing, or shall not be included and described therein, or shall not agree therewith; or if any Wine shall be imported or brought into Great Britain by any such Ship or Vessel, withe out a Manifest or Manifests, Content or Contents, so verified as aforesaid; in each and every such Case the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, OiaU forfeit a Sum of Money equal to double the Value of such Goods, together with the full Duties payable on the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, belonging in the Whole or in Part to his Majesty's Subjects, laden with Goods as aforesaid, and bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain, shall, on his Arrival within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, upon Demand, Produce all and every such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, which such Master or other Person 16 herein before directed and required to have on board his said Ship or Vessel, to such Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs as shall first come on board his said Ship or Vessel, for his or their Examination and Inspection* and shall deliver to such Officer or Officers a true Copy thereof, respectively (which Copy shall be provided and subscribed by the said Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel); and that the several and respective Officer and Officers to whom the original Manifest shall have been so produced, shall certify upon the Back thereof, that the same was produced, and allb the Day and Year on which the same was or were so produced, and such Copy or Copies as aforesaid were to him or them delivered; and shall likewise certify upon the Back of such Copy or Copies the Day and Year on which the same>was or were produced, and shall forthwith transmit such Copy or Copies to the respective Collectors and Comptrollers of the several Ports to which the Goods by such Manifest or Manifests shall appear respectively to be consigned; and that the said Master, or other Person so having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall in like Manner produce to the Officer or Officer^ of his Majesty's Customs who shall first come on board such Ship or Vessel, upon her Arrival within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain in which the Cargo, or any Part thereof, is intended to be discharged or landed, such Manifest: or Manifests, or*Content or Contents, in Writing as aforesaid, and shall also deliver to him or them a true Copy or Copies thereof (such Copy or Copies also to be provided and Tuh-feribed by the said Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or-Vessel), the Production of which said Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, and the Delivery of such Copy or Copies-thereof, to be delivered as is herein before dlre&ed, shall also be certified to have Been so produced and delivered as aforesaid, by the said Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs who shall so first come on board the said Ship or Vessel, on her Arrival within the Li mi ts of any such Port, upon the Back of the said original Manifest or Manifests, or Content of Contents, in Writing, with the particular Day and Year and the Time when such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents* iti Writing, was or were produced to such Officer or Officers, and when he or they so received the said Copy or Copies thereof; and such Officer or Officers is and are hereby required forthwith to transmit, or cause

35

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.

Co be transmitted, the said Copy or Copies of the said Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Content?, in Writing, to the Collector and Comptroller of that Fort: Provided always, That nothing herein contained Shall be construed to extend to require of such Maher, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, the Delivery of more than one Copy of the Manifest or Manifests, Content or Contents respectively, which he is hereby directed to have on board, to the Officer or Officers aforesaid, who Shall first come on board of Such Ship or Vessel, within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, and to none other who Shall afterwards come on board, within the Distance aforesaid; and one ether Copy-to such Officer or Officers as shall first come on board within the Limits of any Port in Great Britain and to none other who Shall afterwards come on board within such Limits, if such Master, or other Person so having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, Shall produce to such Officer or Officers respectively his Manifest or Manifests, Content or Contents, with a Certificate on the Back thereof, as aforesaid: Provided also, That if any Manifest or Content, herein before directed to be delivered up to the Collector and Comptroller of any Port where such Ship or Vessel arrives, Shall contain an Account of Goods not there to be landed, but which shall appear to be consigned to some other Port or Place in Great Britain, then, and in such Case, that the Collector and Comptroller Shall certify upon such Manifest under their Hands, such Part of the Cargo as Shall there have been delivered, and Shall then deliver back the original Manifest to the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel; and so in like Manner, as often as the Case mail require, until such Ship or Vefie! Shall arrive at her last Port or Place of Discharge.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel laden as aforesaid, and bound to any Port or Place in Great Britain, ShalJ not, upon his Arrival within the Limits of any Port in Great Britain as aforesaid, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, produce such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, to the Officer and Officers of his Majesty's Customs as aforesaid, upon Demand thereof, and also give such Copy or Copies thereof as aforesaid to the Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs who shall first come on board such Ship or Vessel, upon her Arrival, as aforesaid, within any Port in Great Britain^ where the Cargo, or any Part thereof, is intended to be discharged or landed, or Shall not give an Account of the Destination of such Ship or Vessel, or shall give a false Account of the Destination thereof, in order to evade the Production of the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, Shall forfeit a Sum equal to double the Value of the Goods, together with the full Duties due and payable thereon; and if such Officer or Officers first coming on board, within the Distance or Limits aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to certify on the Back of such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, the Production thereof, and the Delivery of such Copies, respectively, as are herein before directed and required to be delivered to such Officer or Officers, every such Officer, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel (b laden with Goods as aforesaid, and bound to Great Britain, either when within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, Bulk Audi be broken, or any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel shall be unladen or unship* ped, with Intention to be laid on Land, or unmipped for any other Purpose whatever, out of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, within the Limits or Distance aforesaid, before such Ship or Vessel shall come to the proper Place for the Discharge of her Cargo, or any Part thereof, and shall be there duly authorised by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to unlade the same, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel. and the Mate or other Person next in Command, shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, except in case of unavoidable Necessity and Distrefe of Weather, or other unavoidable Accident, Necessity, or Distress, of which Necessity and Distress, or other unavoidable Accident, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Notice to, and (together with two or more of the Mariners on board such Ship or Vessel^ shall make Proof, upon Oath, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port within the Limits of which such Accident, Necessity, or Distress shall happen, or before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the first Port in Great Britain, within the Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall afterwards arrive, if the said Accident, Necessity, or Distress Shall have happened, not within the Limits of any Port, hut within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain f which Oath the said Collector or other Chief Officer is hereby authorised and required to administer).

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits of any Port in Great Britain for the Discharge of the Cargo, or any Part thereof, there shall be any Goods which, from Necessity, or from the Nature of the Cargo, rnuft be unavoidably flowed, either in the Cabin, or between the Decks, or upon the Decks, or in the Steerage, h orecastle, or other Place or Places, out of the Main Hold of any such Ship or Vessel (save and except such Part of the Cargo as is flowed in the Chains, or in other Parts on the Outside of such Ship or Vessel), in Inch Case the Officer or Officers of the Customs who shall first go on board, shall, before he or they Shall leave the Ship or Vessel, mark or seal such several and respective Packages, in such Manner as such Officer or Officers shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or the Commissioners of the Customs, Qr any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the Time being, and shall keep a particular Account thereof $ which Mark or Seal shall not be altered, defaced, or broken, befi re the Goods contained in inch Packages shall be respectively landed, either at the lawful Quays, or at such other

Fa. Places

Midr not requited to pvc more than two Copit of bit Manifest.

Penalty rn Master nrglcft-in| to produce his Maui ft ft, or to R«%e a Copy thereof to the proper Officer, &ct

and on Officer neglecting to certify ihe

Production thereof, dec.

Master and Mate of any such Vessel, who shall fufter Bulk to be broken within the said L’rnits, unauthorised by the proper Officer, shall forfeit each 20D I, j

except, &c.

Direction? relative to Goods not storrd in the Main Hold.

36

If any Mark* fl* such Go >d‘ (ha I beH» faced, wifrh the Pririty of the Matter and Mate, they shall forfeit 200 I. each.

Matter of every Vessel up porting such Goods to make Entry, upon Oa’h, of her Burthm, Lading, Arc. before the Chief Officer at the Port of Importation j

13 & 14 Car. %. c. 11.

and deliver his Manifest to him,

on Penalty of aco 1.

Penalty on the

M jfter if the Good* reported flv.H not /{tree *nth the Manifest, Ac,

Ceitarn Cases in which the Penaltie* OnII not be intuited.

Penalty on Marten pemuurg Coed* to be tftoA n o\tr» «o«id} At. after

C. 40. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Places as shall from Time to Time be allowed for that Purpose, by special Sufferance and Leave from the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and under the Authority of an Order from the proper Landing Waiters, and likewise in the Presence of such superior Officer or Officers as the said Commissioners of the Customs, in England and Scotland respectively, shall appoint to fee such Packages opened.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Marks or Seals which shall have been put upon any of the Packages as before directed, shall be altered, defaced, or broken, by the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Offence or Offences shall be committed, or by any of the Crew* or shall be committed by any other Person, with the Privity or Consent of the said Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, every such Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel; and also the Mate, or such Person as shall be next in Command to such Master or other Person having the Charge and Command as aforesaid, shall, for each and every Offence lb committed, forfeit two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, in which such Goods shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, within twenty-four Hours after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at such Places respectively as shall hereafter be fixed upon and appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the Time being, make Entry, upon Oath, of tb£ Built, Burthen, Contents, and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, with the particular Marks, Numbers, and Contents of every Parcel of Goods then laden on board such Ship or Vessel, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and do and perform every At\ and Thing in relation thereto, before the Customer, Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the said Port, openly in the Custom-house at the same Port, in the Manner directed and required by an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Alwfes in his Majesto's Customs, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds; and the said Master or other Person shall, at the Time he so makes his Report or Entry of his Ship upon Oath at the Custom house as aforesaid, deliver to the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the said Port, the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, as before directed to accompany their respective Cargoes, and to be on board every Ship or Vessel in which Goods shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain \ and if the said Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship of Vessel, shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, as aforesaid, to the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Time he so makes his Report or Entry of his Ship upon Oath at the Custom-house as aforesaid, every such Matter or other Person so having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Sole the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Package whatever, which shall have been reported by the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel in Manner herein before directed, shall be wanting, and not found on board such Ship or Vessel, in Conformity to such Report; or if the Goods reported shall not agree with the Manifest or Manifests* Content or Contents; or if either the Report or Manifest or Manifests shall not agree with the Cargo found on board of such Vessel or Vessels; then and in every such Case, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds: Provided nevertheless, That in case any Goods shall be imported without such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writing, as herein before is directed; or in case the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, accompanying the Goods, shall not agree with the Report, or shall be defaced or incorrect, or shall not agree with the Goods on board, and it shall be made lo appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that the Cargo imported was wholly taken on board in foreign Parts, naming the particular Places where it was taken on board respectively, and that no Part of the Cargo has been unshipped since it was taken on board, and that the Manifest or Content has been lost or mislaid without Fraud or Collusion, or that the same was defaced by Accident, or incorre# by Mistake in such Case, the Penalties and Forfeitures herein before inflicted shall not be incurred: Provided allb, That in case any Goods shall, from urgent Necessity, be taken on board of any Ship or Vessel in any foreign Port or Place for Great Britain, after such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, as required by this Act, shall have been attested in Manner herein before directed, the Master, or other Person having or \ taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall make out, or cause to be made out, and shall sign a separate Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, of all such Goods as shall be so taken on board; which Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, shall be subject to all and every Provision in this Act contained, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, so attested as aforesaid, are subjected; and in such Case, the Penalties and Forfeitures herein before inflicted, with respect to Goods imported without a Manifest or Content, shall not be incurred, if the urgent Necessity of so taking such Goo'ds on board shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods so taken on board any Ship or Vessel in any foreign Port or Place, shall, after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel within the Limits of any Port of Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or after the fkft Production of the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, to the Officers of the Customs, in Manner herein before 6 directed

37

Arrival w'this the aforesaid Limits*

Importer*, See, wi'hin 20 Day* afrer the Mif-ter’* Report, to m ke Entry, with the pnpef Officer, of ail Goods imported, &c. by them, and pay the Duties*

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.

directed (whether such Goods shall be inserted in the said Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, hereinbefore directed to accompany such Goods or not), be thrown overboard, or {laved, or otherwise in any Maimer destroyed (except in case of unavoidable Necessity, Proof of which shall be made, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively), the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit two hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Importer or Importers,

Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of any Goods imported or brought into Great Britain as aforesaid shall severally and respectively, within twenty Days after the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall have made his Report or Entry upon Oath, in Manner herein before directed, or after the Expiration of the Time within which he is required by Law so to do, make a due Entry in Writing, in the usual and accustomed Manner, with the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain where the Ship or Vessel so laden as aforesaid shall arrive, of all the Goods so by them, and each and every of them, respectively, imported in such Ship or Vessel or of which they and each and every of them are the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees, respectively, and shall pay the full Duties due and payable, in ready Money, for such Goods, within the Time aforesaid: and that if he or they respectively shall fail in so doing, it (had and may be lawful for the Officers of the Customs to convey such Goods to his Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house for Security of the Duties; and if the full Duties are not paid for such Goods within the Space of three Calendar Months from the Time they Quill be so brought to the said Warehouse at the Custom-house, they shall and may be then forthwith fold, and the Produce applied agreeably to an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Tobacco Trade; any 11 Aon*,«.f» Law, Usage or^Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided nevertheless. That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the felling of any Goods which may by Law be entered and warehoused, upon Bond or Security being given for the Whole of the Duties due thereon.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of rfuptjl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-hx, it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain to permit cr fuller any Ship or Vessel to be cleared out for foreign Parts, from any Port or Place whatever in Great Britain^ until the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and (he Mate of such Ship or Vessel, shall severally auJ respectively give Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Bond, in the Penalty of two hundred Pounds (which Security shall be taken by the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Custora', at such Port or Place, who is hereby authorised and required to take such Security), with Condition that such Matter, or other Person having or taking the Chirge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, or such Mate, as the Case may be, will not at any Time thereafter land, or cause to be landed, any Goods in any Part of this Kingdom, in any Manner which is or shall be prohibited by Law, or take the same on board, in order to their being so landed, nor be any wile concerned, or aiding or assisting in fraudulently importing, unshipping, or landing the same, and wtli not hinder, molest, or oppose, any of his Majesty's Officers or the Customs or Excise, or any other Person or Persons assisting them, or either of them, in the due Execution of their respective Offices or Employments*, or until such Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall produce a Certificate, under the Hand of the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, at some other Port or Place in Great Britain, of such Security having been before given at such other Port or Place, to such Collector or other Principal Officer, by such Matter and Mate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid or allowed to any Person whatsoever, upon the Exportation of any Goods intitled to either Drawback or Bounty upon Exportation, any Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance whatever, if the Goods are in Bales press-packed, unless the several different Names and Species of the Goods, and the Quantities and Qualities thereof respectively, shall be verified by the reflective Matter Packer or Matter Packers thereof, or one of them, or, in case of the Absence of such Matter Packer or Matter Packers, or one of them, from Sick-ness or ocher unavoidable Necessity, by the Foreman or other Servant of such Matter Packer, or Matter Packers, respectively, who shall have actual.Knowledge of the Contents of the Bales so respectively press-packed, in the following Manner; (that is to say,) If the Goods are packed at the Port whence they are to be exported, or wirhin ten Miles thereof, then by Oath made and subscribed upon the Entry or Cocquet, before tr.e Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs at such Port (who is and are hereby reflectively authorised to administer the same); and if such Goods are packed at any greater Dill a nee than ten Miles from the Port from whence the Goods are to be exported, then on the like Oath made, and subscribed in Manner aforesaid, before some Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Mailer Packer or iMailer Packers shall relide.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or vessel, on board of which any Goods shall be shipped for Exportation to foreign Parts, from any Port or Place in Great Britain, shall, upon Demand, produce and deliver to each and every Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, who shall come on board his Ship or Vessel, either within the Limits of any Port in Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, all and each and every Cocquet or Cocquets delivered to him by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port or Ports, Place or Places, where the Ship or Vessel shall have been cleared out, for the Examination and Inspection of every such Officer or Officers, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds \ and if such Officer or Officers shall find any of the Goods on boaid such Ship or Vessel not to

From Aug. r* 1786, no Vessel shall be cleared out f« r foreign Fart*, until the Master and Mate h »ve given Bond nor to land illegally any G >oda on board, &c.

Chute relative to Good* e *-ported in Bale! pre's packed,

etc.

Penalty on \fif. ters who (bill not deliver Cocque*s to the prayer Office* j

3*

rr whose Ca^go ih >11 nnt be agreeable thereto.

Debentures on V xportation of Goods int:tied to Drawback or B 'inty, to b« made out in the Names of the real Owners.

Companies trading by a j »int Sfcclc may em-fl >y an Agent, Sc c.

From 5ept. 19, J7S6,noBounty, &c. to be paid for Go ds exported t> Ireland, Guernsey, &c. without a proper Certificate.

Oordi intMrdto Drawback, &c. bj whom to be put on boaid.

3.

40.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

correspond with the Cocquet or Cocquets so produced, he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to seize the said Goods, which shall be forfeited; or if such Officer or Officers shall discover that any of the Packages indorsed upon the Cocquet or Cocquets so produced, are not on board the said Ship or Vessel, the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for each and every Package contained in such Cocquet or Cocquets, and not found.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Entry shall pass, nor any Debenture be made out, unon Exportation to foreign Parts from Great Britain, of any Goods whatever, which are intitled either to Drawback or Bounty upon Exportation, but in the Name of the real Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of the Goods, if they; or any of them, are resident in Great Britain; and that before such Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors, shall receive the Drawback or Bounty, or any Allowance to which such Goods mny be intided, or any Part thereof, one or more of them, and not any Broker or Agent on his or their Behalf, shall, upon the Debenture, verify, by Oath, his or their so being the real Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, and also that the Goods are really and bona fide exported to foreign Parts, and have not been re- uided in Great Britain; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That such real Owner or Owners, or Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, if he or they shall not have purchased or obtained a Right to, or Property in, the Drawback to which such Goods are intided, shall, and is and are hereby required, at the Time such Goods are entered for Exportation, to acknowledge in Writing, under his or their Hands upon the Entry, the Person or Persons who is or are intided to such Drawback; and such Person or Persons shall, after the Requisites of this Act are fully complied with, receive such Drawback; and the Receipt of such Person or Persons upon the Debenture shall be an Acquittal and Discharge for such Drawback; Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent the Agent of any Corporation or Company trading by a joint Stock from making Oath, in the Manner now by Law allowed, to intitle such Corporation or Company to obtain any Drawback or Allowance upon the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain \ nor to hinder or prevent any Proprietor or Proprietors of Lands in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, nor any Person or Persons whatever, from exporting from any Place, other than that at which he or they reside, if such Person or Persons shall reftde at a greater Distance than twenty Miles from such Place, any Goods or Commodities whatever; nor any Person or Persons whatever from exporting from any Place, other than that at which he or they reside, any Goods whatsoever of British Manufacture (being the Property of such Person or Persons), by and in the Name of an Agent, and such Agent is hereby authorised to do and perform every Act and Thing, to intitle the real Proprietor or Proprietors of the Goods to all and every Bounty, Drawback, or Allowance, due by Law upon the Exportation of such Goods, and to recover the same in as full and ample Manner as if the real Proprietor or Proprietors was or were toad therein; provided such Agent shall testify upon Oath, on the Back of the Debenture, over and besides what is already by Law required to be testified upon Oath before the Collator or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs (who is and are hereby authorised to administer the same), the Name or Names of the real Proprietor or Proprietors of the Goods, and his or their known Place of Abode, and shall, if required by the said Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer, give good and sufficient Reason for his Knowledge of the Place to which the Goods are intended to be exported.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Bounty or Premium shall be paid or allowed for or upon any Goods whatsoever exported from this Kingdom to Ireland, and that no Drawback, Bounty, or Premium shall be paid or allowed for or upon any Goods whatever, exported from this Kingdom to the Islands of Guernsey or jersey, nor any Debenture made out for such Drawback, Bounty, or Premium, until a Certificate shall be produced, under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor of the Customs, or any two of them, belonging to such Port in Ireland\ or from the Register of Certificates, or other Chief Officer of the Customs in the said Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, as such Goods shall have been respectively landed at, certifying that the Goods have been duly landed there; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods whatever, intitled to either Drawback, Bounty, or Premium, shall be carried or put on board any Ship or Vessel whatever for Exportation to foreign Parts by any Person or Persons whatever (except the proper Officers of the Revenue), other than such Person or Persons as shall be authorised for that Purpose, by Licence under the Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to grant the same, and to require such Security as they may deem necessary, by Bond or otherwise, to be given by the Person or Persons to whom they shall grant such Licence, for the actual Delivery of the whole of the Goods on board such Ship or Vessel to the Officers of the Revenue stationed on board, and for the faithful and incorrupt Dealing, in every Respect, of such Person or Persons in regard to such Goods; which said Persons so to be licensed as aforesaid, shall and are hereby required, upon carrying such Goods on board any Ship or Vessel, to give clear and full Information thereof, in Writing, to the Matter, or other Person then in Charge of such Ship or Vessel, for the better enabling the Matter to give Notice, as required by this Act, previous to his clearing out with Drawback or Bounty Goods; which Licence^ when granted by the Commissioners of the Customs, shall not be withdrawn by them, or the Operation under the same in any Manner hindered, obstructed, or prevented, unless either the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall have been granted, or some other Person or Persons employed by them, and with his or their Privity or Content, shall commit some Act against any Law now made, or hereafter to be made, ter secure

39

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.

the Revenae of Customs or Excise, and shall be convicted thereof; in which Case the said Commissioners

ifiall and are hereby authorised and required to withdraw such Licence.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs shall, and are hereby required to grant such Licence as aforesaid to all and every Person and Persons who is or are now, by Law, intitled to carry or put on board such Goods and who shall give such Security as the said Xfommissioners, or ^ny four or more of them, shall deem necessary* and to no other Person or Persons whatever.

XXII. And whereas it has frequently happened, That Ships or Vessels, as well bound to Great Britain from foreign Parts, as from Great Britain to foreign Parts, have passed the usual Places appointed for fta-

tioning Officers of the Revenue on board of Vessels, and for relieving or landing such Officers, without

bringing to for such Purpose ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or other Person hiving or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel coming or arriving from foreign Parts, shall not presume to pass such usual Places, or such other Places as may hereafter be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four or more of them, for the Time being, without bringing to and receiving the Revenue Officers on board; or, being outward bound for foreign Parts, shall not presume to puk without biinging to at such usual Places, or such places as shall be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purpose of the Cargo being examined, and of relieving or landing such Officers, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity, or Distress of Weather, or other unavoidable Accident, to be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs; and that every such Master, or other Person, who shall so pass without bringing to for the Purposes aforesaid, cither inward or outward bound, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue, properly authorised to examine any Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo on board thereof, shall, at all Times, have free Access to the Cabin, and every other Part or Place in such Ship or Vessel j and in case any Places within the Cabin, Forecastle, Steerage, or any other Part of the Ship, or any Boxes, Chests, or other Thing contained therein, shall be locked, or in any Manner (aliened, and the Keys shall be withheld, or the Places shall not be opened for such Officers respectively> orv their requiring the same from the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, such Officer or Officers, if they are of a Degree superior to Tidesmen or Watermen, shall, and are hereby authorised and impowered to open the same in the best Manner they can, and are hereby indemnified* in so doing; but if such Officers shall only be in the Class of Tidesmen or Watermen* they mail, and are hereby required to fend for their superior Officer, who is hereby in like Manner autho-fifea to open, or cause the same to be opened; and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified in so doing.

XXI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for better feeuring the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Gut Ports, and other Places, to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of his Majestfs Customs, in the Province of Senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland a proper Compensation for their Trouble and Expences; for the better Preservation of Hollies, Thornsr and £>uicljetS'f in For efts, Chafes, and private Grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in Forcjls and Chafes ;. and for authorising the Exportation of a limited ffhiantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney), it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Nanquin Cloth,

Muslins, foreign Callicoes, or foreign Dimity, exceeding in Quantity one entire Piece; and no China Earthenware, exceeding in Number twelve Pieces (if the same shall have been imported or seized at any Out Port in Great Britain), shall be brought, removed, or carried, either by Land or by Water, from any* Out Port or other Place whatsoever, in Great Britain, into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatever within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, without a Certificate from the Collector, or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods were imported or seized, certifying that the Duties upon the Importation of such Goods have been duly-paid or satisfied, or that the said Goods have been before compounded for, or condemned* which Fadls shall be verified by the Oath of the Importer, or Proprietor thereof, referring to the Times when, and the Place where, such Goods were entered, condemned, or compounded for; and if such Goods

shall have been imported or seized within the Port of London, and sent from thence to any Out Port for Sale, they shall not be removed as aforesaid from any Out Port into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatsoever within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London,

without a Certificate from the Collector or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, at or nearest to the Port or Place from whence such Goods are intended to be removed, certifying that the Owner or Pro-4~ prietor of such Goods hath made Oath before him, that the said Goods, and every Part thereof, had been. 1 sent to such Owner or Proprietor from London, for Sale, in the lawful Way of Trade, referring to the Time

when, with the Name and Residence of the Person from whom such Goods were fenr, and that such Owner or Proprietor verily believed the Duties payable upon the Importation of such Goods had been duly paid> wand satisfied, or that the said Goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the said respect five Certificate shall express the Quantity and Quality of the said Goods, with the Marks of the Package thereof, to what Places, and to whom the same are consigned, and by what Carriage the same are intended to be removed; and if the said. Goods are removed by Land, the said Certificate shall also express and limit the Time for which the same shall continue in force: And whereas further Regulations are necessary to attain good Purposes intended by the said Act*;’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing.of this Act, noGoods or Commodities whatever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall in any Manner, or upon any Pretence whatever, be brought, removed, carried, or conveyed, either by Land or by Water, from

S: a»Y;

I

To whom Licencet for that Purpose shall be granted.

Penalty on Maf* ter* of Vessels, who shall neglect to bring to at the usual Place* appointed1' for stationiftf Officer* of tht Revenue*

Revenue* Officers on board to have fiee Aceefr to the Cabin, and may open Locks,* Ac.

Rectal of 9 Geo. 4U

NoCrody, the Growth Of Ma-nuf^if urc ofaoy Country beyond the Cape of

40

Good Hope,

/hall be rroufht in*o London or Westminster,&c. without 9 proper

Or ifica»e.th*f the Duties have been duly paid, &c.

The Pr*of of the Place to which such Goods were re* moving to lie OO the Claimer.

In certain Case* such Goods may be removed without For> Igiutrt thereof.

Cornmnders of his MigeHY-s Ship* of W*r, tec. may seize any Vessel or Goods fut jed to foileiUi*c.

With flea m be exati>t»ed on <J«»h bet«.re the Surveyors General of the Cothtma.

)’cjf*ru malting a false 0<iih. See. to be deemed guilt) of Per->'!

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

If id a Trial for Seizure of Goods, wherein a Verdi6\ shall hr given for the Cl aimer, there

C. 40. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

any Place whatever, into the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, or the Borough of Southwark, and the several Suburbs thereof, or into the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, and Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesec, without a Certificate, as directed by the said !ait-recited Act, made in the said ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, cr without a Cenlicate from the Collector or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs in the Port of London, certifying thatH:he Duties have been duly paid for the same at the Importation thereof, or that the same have been before com {bounded for or con Je nned; which shall be verified by the Oath of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods, referring to the Time or Times when such Goods were entered, compounded for, or condemned, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Goods, and of the Packages, which shall be so brought, removed, carried, or conveyed into, or which shall be found carrying, conveying, or removing to, the said Cities and Places aforesaid, or any of them, with Intent to bring such Goods into some or one of the Cities or Places aforesaid, without such Certificate as before directed, together with the Boats, Carts, Horses, Cattle and Carriages, made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of the same, and the Furniture belonging thereto.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from after the passing of this Act, any Dispute shall arise, touching the Place to which such Goods or Commodities, as aforesaid, were removing, carrying, or conveying, the Claimer or Claimers of such Goods or Commodities shall prove that they were removing, carrying, or conveying to some Place, ether than the Cities and Places aforesaid; and that the Proof of their being removing, carrying, and conveying to the Cities and Places aforesaid, shall not lie on the Officer who shall seize and Pop such Goods.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any of the aforesaid CommoJnies, which shall be removed, or found removing, as before mentioned, if it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Cominidioners of the Customs, that such Goods were bought in a lawful and open Way of Trade, or are the Property of private Persons, and have been used as their domestick Furniture.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any commissioned Warrant or Petty Officer, facially authorised by them, to seize, without having any Deputation or Commi (Hon from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise for that Purpose, any Goods or Commo Pities whatever, or any Ships or Vessels whatever, which shall be subject to Forfeiture by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, for any Offence against the Revenue of Customs or Excite: Provided the Commander of such Ship or Vessel of War shall bring, or cause to be brought, every such Seizure to his Majesty's Warehouse at the nearest Custom-house to which such Seizure can conven.eotly be brought, and shall there lodge arvd deposit the same, in the Custody, and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of the Customs, in case the Seizure shall be made under any Act for securine the Revenue of Customs, or in the Custody, and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of Excite, in case it shall be made under any Act for securing the Revenue of Excite only; and mall, in all Respects, in regard to the Protection or Delivery of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, to which the Officers of his Majesty's Customs and Excise are now, in cate of such Seizures made by them respectively, subject; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas great Difficulties have arisen in ascertaining the Truth of Fafts relative to his Majesty's Revenue of Customs, as well as to the Conduct of the Officers employed therein, upon Exa- minations and Inquiries made by the Surveyors General of the Customs be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons examined before them as a W itnel’s or Witness'es, or any or either of them, respectively, shall deliver his, her, or their Testimony upon Gath, to be administered by the Surveyor General, or Surveyors General respectively, who shall examine them; and such Surveyor or Surveyors General are hereby authorised to administer such an Oath accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be convicted of making a false Oath, touching any of the Fafts directed or required by this Act to be testified on Oath, or of giving false Evidence, on his, her, or their Examination on Oath before the Surveyors General of the Customs, or any one or more of them, respectively, in Conformity to the Directions of this Act, such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures created and incurred by this Act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Prosecutions under this Act, shall be intitled to, and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures as they are now by Law intitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arising from any pecuniary Fine, or Penalty, or Composition, paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any Law or Regulation intitlea to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act* in case any Information shall be commenced and brought to Trial, on account of the Seizure or any Goods* or of any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, or of any Horte, Cattle, or Carriage, as forfeited by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to his Majesty's Customs or Excite, or other his Majesty's Revenues, wherein a Vewlift or Sentence shall be given for the Claimer thereof and it shall appear to the Judge, Justice, or

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 4.0.

Courts before whom the same shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge, Justice, or Court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify on the Record or other Proceedings, that there was a probable Cause for the Prosecutor’s seizing the said Goods, Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage; and in such Case the Defendant shall not be intitled to any Costs of Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Persons who seized the said Goods, Ship, Boat, Vessel, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, be liable to any Action, or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure; and in case any Action, or other Suit or Prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to Trial or Hearing 3gainst any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such Goods, Ship, Boat, Vessel, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, where no Information shall be commenced or brought to Trial to condemn the same, and a Verdictor Sentence shall be given upon such Action or Prosecution, against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before whom such Action or Prosecution may be brought shall certify in like Manner as aforesaid, that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff, besides his Goods, Ship, Boat, Vessel, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be intitled to above two Pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above one Shilling.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Regulations in this Act contained, except where the Time for Commencement thereof is otherwise in this Act fixed and provided for, shall commence from and after the following Periods; videlicet, In respect to Ships or Vessels coming from any Part of Europe, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; in respect to Ships or Vessels coming from any Part of Africa or America, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and in respect to Ships and Vessels coming from Asia, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

XXXIII. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further Improvement of his Majesty's Revenue of Cti/loms; and for the Encouragement Officers mating Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his MajeJlfs Dominions), it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That it shall and may be law- fill to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to cause all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, and all Goods, of what Kind soever they maybe (excepting only such Vessels, Boats, and Goods as are by Law liable to be burnt), which shall be seized by any Officers of the Customs for unlawful Importation, or for Nonpayment of Duties, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, and condemned, according to Law, to be fold publicity to the Left Bidder, at such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper: And whereas* by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual} an Act pajfedin the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for the betterfecuring and encouraging the trade of bit Majesty's Sugar Colonies in Ame- rica)," for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expences of defending, protecting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explain- ing an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, ( intit uledy An Act for the Encouragement of /ta Greenland aft land Trades, and for the betterJecuring the Plantation Trade)

and for altering anaiifallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and 'fettering the Trade between the same and Great Britain); it is, amongst other Things, enabled. That all Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by that or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Trade and Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, which shall be incurred there, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in any Court of Record, or in any Court of Admiralty, in the said Colonies or Plantations where such Offence shall be committed, or in the Court of V ice Admiralty* which may or shall be appointed over all America; which Court of Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty, are thereby respectively authorised and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor; but the said last recited Act not having given any Directions by whom Ships and Goods so seized and prosecuted in the said British Colonies or Plantations shall be fold, after the Condemnation thereof, and it being expedient that the same should be fold, by the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue, in like Manner as they are fold ii> Great Britain: I11 order, therefore, to obviate any Doubts that have arisen or may arise in such cases,’ it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all Ships and Vessels, and all Goods, of what Kind soever they may be, which shall be seized in nurfuance of any Act or Acts made in Great Britain, relative to the Trade and Revenue of the said British Colonies or Plantations, and which shall be condemned there, in any Court having Jurisdiction to try and determine the same, shall be sold by publick Auction to the best Bidder, at the Custom-house, by the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, for the Bland, Colony, or Plantation* in whose Custody such Ship, Vessel, or Goods shall be lodged and secured; and the Produce of such Sale shall be accounted for and applied by such Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs, according to Law, subject to the Orders and Directions of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them; any Law, Custom, or Ufoge, to the contrary notwithstanding.

*6 Geo. III.

G

CAP.

- 41

shall appear to hate been probable Gause for such Stizure, the Defendant shall not be intitled to CoiU, *c.

Commencement of this A

Recital of j Gc* 3. c. s*.

4 Geo. j. c. 15.

From Sept. 19, 1786, all Vessell and Goods seized and condemned in the British Colonies in America, shall be fold there by publick Auction.

42

C. 41.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

frumble.

for five Yean from Dec. 15, 1786, British Ship* going on the Whale Ftfliery must It visited determined by an Officer of the Customt, who Hull ctitify the Admeasure-nen^fre, to the Commisiiootrt.

If such Certificate proves the Ship i« fit for the Voyage,

and if Oath h made of the Inten.ion to proceed forthwith thereof

and to import the Whale Fine, &c. into Great Biiuin,

the Commissioneri, on Security being given, may grant Licence to the Ship.

What Number of Men, Fishing Line*, &c. must be on board.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights.

WHEREAS the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights have been raised by the Bounties and Encouragements already given, to a very flourishing Condition: And whereas the said Bounties will ceaie and expire on the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and it will be proper further to encourage and support the said Fisheries, by granting, to Ships employed therein. Inch other Bounties as the present State of the Publick Revenue may justify, and the Nature and Condition of the said Fisheries appear now to require :’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for and daring the Space of five Years, to be computed from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the Bounties herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed under the several Rules and Restrictions herein after expressed and directed; (that is to say). Every British-built Ship or Vessel, owned by a British Subject or Bntijk Subjects usually reliLng in Great Britain^ or in the [Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Mart, which shall, within the Time limited by this Act, proceed from any Port of Great Britain, or the Blands aforesaid, on the Whale Fishery, to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, or to the Seas adjacent, and which shall be manned and navigated with a Matter, and three Fourths of the Mariners, at least, being British Subjects, usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or in the Blands aforesaid, shall, before she proceeds on such Voyage, or be intitled to the Benefits of this Act, be visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to such Port, who shall examine into such Ship or Vessel, and take an Account of the Tonnage thereof by Admeasurement, and shall certify such his or their Visitation and Examination and Admeasurement, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs; and if it appears by the Certificate of such Officer or Officers that she hath on board such a Number of Men, Provisions, Boats, Fishing Lines, and Instruments to be used in such Fishery, as herein after are mentioned; that she is strongly built* and otherwise a proper Ship for such Voyage and Fishery, and hath on board, among her Crew, a sufficient Number of Harpooners, Steersmen, and Line Managers, who have before been employed in such Voyages (the Names of such Persons to be contained in such Certificate); and if it further appears, by the Oath of one or more Owner or Owners, and of the Matter or Chief Officer of such Ship or VeflH, written at the Foot of such Certificate, and made before the Principal Officers of the Customs of such Port, or any two of them, whereof the Collector shall be one, who are hereby impowered and required to administer the same)* that it is really and truly their firm Purpose and determined Resolution that such Shin shall, as soon as Licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, on a Voyage to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, or the Seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching Season, to use the ut-mofl Endeavours of themselves, and their Ship’s Company, to take Whales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Design or View of Profit in such Voyage, and to import the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber thereof, into the Kingdom of Great Britain (naming the Port thereof to which it is their Intention to return); and if the Matter, after such Certificate had and Oath made, do also become bound, with two sufficient Securities, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successor?, in the Penalty of such Sum as shall be equal to Treble the Bounty granted by this Act (which Bond the said Collector, with the Approbation of the Comptroller, is hereby, as far as relates to the Bounties granted by this Act, authorised to take, and which is to be in force, for the Term of three Years, against the Matter and Sureties, for the faithful Dealings of the said Mailer and Ship’s Company in regard to the said Shin and Voyage), then, and in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful for any three or more of the Commissioners of the (Justoms in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, on receiving such Certificates and Oaths made, and it being certified to them by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port, that sufficient Security hath been given as aforesaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant, to the Matter and Owners of such Ship, full Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyage as aforesaid.

II. And, to prevent any Disputes that may arise, whether a Ship be properly qualified and duly fitted out for the Whale Fishery, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and intitled to a Certificate thereof from the Custom-house Officers; it is hereby enacted, That every Ship of the Burthen of two hundred Tons, designed for this Fishery, shall and is hereby obliged to have on board forty Fishing Lines of one hundred and twenty Fathom each, forty Harpoon Irons, four Boats, with seven Men at the least (including an Harpooner, a Steersman, and a Line Manager) to each Boat, making in the Whole twenty-eight Men* besides the Mailer and Surgeon, with six Months Provisions at the lead for such Number of Men: and every Ship of larger Burthen, an Increase of fix Men, one Boat, ten such Lines, and ten Harpoon Irons more for every fifty Tons above the said two hundred Tons, together with Provisions in Proportion; and every Ship which shall be so employed in the said Filliery, shall have on board Apprentices indentured for the Space of three Years at the least, who shall not exceed the Age of eighteen Years, nor be under fourteen Years of Ageatthe Time they shall befo indentured, in the Proportion of one Apprentice at the least for every thirty-five Tons Burthen, and one fresh or green Man for every fifty Tons Burthen, which Apprentices and fresh or green Men shall be accounted in the Number of Men required to be on board such Ship as aforesaid*

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 41. 43

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Return of such Ship to the Port of The Officer of Great Britain, to which one or more of the Owners and the Matter thereof had declared on Oath ftieir Inten- the CustorTls*on tionto return, the proper Officers of the Customs, at such Port, shall immediately repair on board and view the Condition of such Ship and her Lading, and certify the same, together with their Observations thereon, is ato the real Tonnage of the said Ship; and the said Officers are also to take an Account or Schedule of the Names of the Matter, Mate, and other Perfo ns on board, distinguishing therein the Harpooners and Persons more immediately employed in the said Fishery, and to certify the same; and the Matter and Mate shall make Oath before the principal Officers of the Customs, or any two of tnein, whereof the Collector dull be one as aforesaid (who ara hereby impowered and required to administer the same), that they did, in pursuance of the Licence granted as aforesaid (mentioning the Day of their Departure), proceed in a Voyage direct, to the Places aforesaid, and have not since been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit; and that they did there (mentioning the Time of their Stay in those Seas) ulc the utmost Endeavour of themselves and their Ship’s Company to lake Whales and other Creatures living in those Seas, and that all the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, imported (if any) in fuclv Ship, were really and bona fuk caught and taken in the said Seas, by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel only, or with the Atfittance of the Crew of some other British-built Ship or Vessel licensed for that Voyage, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, which Oath shall be indorsed on, or annexed to the Licence aforesaid; and the said Schedule, Certifi-

Return of the Ship to Great Britain, (full make a Report of her Condition, ScC. and Oa h fliril be marij of her not having deviated from the Conditions on which the Certificate was granted;

Cate, Licence, and Oath, shall be transmitted by the Collector and Comptroller of such Port to the respective Part of Great Britain where such Ships or Vessels shall arrive; and such Commissioners,

which Documents shall be transmitted to the Commissionert, who shall order a Bounty of 39s. per Too,

Commissioners for that

being fully satisfied of the faithful Dealings of the Matter and other Persons employed in such Ships or Vessels, with respect to such Voyage and Fishery, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Matter or Owners, or to his or their Assigns, by the Receiver General of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain where such Ships or Vessels shall arrive* a Bounty or Premium of thirty Shillings per Ton, according to the Admeasurement moi every such Ship or Vessel duly certified as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be allowed or intitled to receive the Bounty herein before granted, for any Ship which shall proceed upon the said Whale Fishery, from any Part of Great Britain, or the 1 Hands of Guertly, Jersey, or Alan, after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, unless such Ship shall fail from the Port where Ihe shall be surveyed and cleared, directly on her intended Fishery, on or before the tenth Day of April in each and every Year and shall continue with her Crew in the Greenland April 10, yearly, Seas, ox Davis's Streigbtsy or the adjacent Seas, diligently endeavouring to catch Whales, or other Crea- continue! tores living in those Seas, and shall not depart from thence before the tenth Day of August then following, unk& such Ship, if (he be of the Burthen oif three hundred Tons, shall be laden with thirty Tons of Oil, or Blubber in rroportion thereto, the Blubber to be rated with respect to the Oil as three to two, and one Ton and a Half of Whale Fins; or if Ihe be of greater or less Burthen, with a Quantity of Oil or Blubber, and Whale Fins, inlike Proportion to the Tonnage for which every such Ship shall be intitled to the Bounty, being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales caught by the Crew thereof, or with the Assistance of the Crew of some other licensed Ship, before that Time, or shall be forced by some unavoidable Accident or Necessity to depart sooner from those Seas; which Accident or Necessity shall be verified on the Oaths of the Matter and Mate belonging to such Ship, upon her Return from the said Fishery, before the principal Officers of the Customs, or any two of them (whereof the Collector shall be one), at the Port where (he shall arrive, who shall transmit the same, together with the Schedule, Licence, and other Documents by this Act required, to the respective Commissioners of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain where such Ship shall arrive.

No Person fttll be intitled to the Bounty unless the Ship fail* from the Port of Survey before

filling till Aug, 10 following, onlsfi laden with the Quail-titiei of Oii, &c. herein specified;

or forced by «a-avoidable Accident to depart sooner, which shall be verified on Oath, and^ transmitted with the other Doca-

went* to the Commissionerf of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall happen, during the Continuance of this Act, that any Ship or Vessel shall not fail from the Port where Ihe shall be surveyed and cleared, directly on her intended Fishery, on or before the said tenth Day of April in any Year, provided it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, that such Ship or Vessel was properly qualified and duly fitted out, according to the Directions of this Act, and surveyed, cleared, and ready for failing, before the said tenth Day of Aprils but was prevented from (ailing by same unavoidable Impediment or Necessity, but shall actually have failed on or before the twenty-fifth Day of April in every such Year, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any four or more of them in England\ or any three or more of them in Scotland, to pay the Bounty for feeb Ship or Vessel, in like Manner as if such Ship or Vessel had actually failed on or before the laud tenth Day of April.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to order the respective Receivers General of the Customs, in case the Monies remaining in their Hands anting from the old Subsidy, shall not be Efficient, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act, to satisfy the said Bounty of thirty Shillings per Ton, payable on all Ships employed in the said Fishery, according to the Directions of this present Act, to pay the same out of any Monies that shall be in their Hands, arising from any of the Duties and Revenues under their Management respectively.

1 VII. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that Ships of one hundred and fifty Tons Burthen are fit for the said Fishery be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships of one hundred and fifty Tons Burthen, which shall be employed in the said Fishery, who have conformed themselves, in Proportion to their Tonnage, to the Rules and Directions

If a Ship ready for failing by April 10, is by unavoidable Ne* certify prevented from failing til! April 23,

the Bounty may

be paid.

"Bounties to be paid out of any Monies in the Hands of the Receiver GenV r»l.

Ship* of 15a Ton* Borthea intitled to the Bounty,

44

C. 41.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

No Shi,) shall be kvitled to a larger Bounty than for 4C0 Ton*,

and only for five Yean from Dec. *5, 178S; rd if not employed in the FiAery before

herein before prescribed to the Owners of Ships of greater Burthen, shall be intitled to the said Bounty, according to the Admeasurement of such Ship or Ships respectively, provided such Admeasurement be not lets than one hundred and fifty Tons.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel at this Time employed rn the said Fishery, although (he be above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, shall be intitled to a larger Bounty than a Ship of four hundred Tons would be intitled to, and that she shall continue to enjoy the same for the Space of five Years, and no longer, from the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, in case such Ship or Vessel shall not be worn out, or have ceased before that Time to carry on the said Fishery; and that no Ship or Vessel which shall not, before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, have been employed in the said Fishery, although such Ship or Vessel shall be above the Burthen of three hundred Tons, shall be intitled to a larger Bounty than a Ship or Vessel of three hundred Tons would be intitled to.

that Day, oot larger than for 300 Tons.

Sh'pi of more than 4C0 T one, orjooTonsneed not be fitted cut but as of those Burthens, to in-title them to the Bounty.

No Bot nty shall be allowed to any Ship where a Log Boole has not been properly kept j

which shall be delivered to the Collector of the Customi, before Whom *he Contents shall be vcr.tied on Oath.

If a Ship of War is met at Sea, the Log Book mu ft be produced to the Captain, who lnuft make therein a Memorandum of the Production, &c.

and mud like-wife te produced I© the Bri iftj Consul at any foreign Port. Ship* fitted out itom Ireland, agreeable to the Rrgula ion* of this Act, shall be int tled to the Bounty

The Owners

may insure the Boonty in ca'e of the Loss of the Ship,

IX. Provided also, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to oblige the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel above the Burthen of four hundred Tons, or three hundred 'I ons respectively before mentioned, to fit out, equip, and man any such Ship, otherwise than as a Ship or Vessel of the Burthen of four hundred Tons, or three hundred Tons respectively, according to the Directions of this Act, in order to intitle him or them to the Bounty herein before granted.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bounty granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, on account of any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery, unless a Log Book shall have been constantly kept on board such Ship or Vessel, in which Leg Book the various Situations and Occurrences, respecting such Ship or Vessel, during the whole Course of the Voyage, shall be inserted every Day, and particularly the Times when such Ship or Vessel shall have been in Sight of Land, distinguishing what Land, and the Bearings thereof, and the supposed Difiances therefrom, and the Soundings; and also the Time when, and the Latitude in which, any Whale, or other Creature living in the Sea, shall have been killed, taken, or caught by the Crew of such Ship or Veiled; which Log Book, so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of his making a Report of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive on her Return from the said Fishery, for his Inspection and Examination; and the said Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Mate thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on Oath the Contents of such Log Book before such Collector, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Ship or Vessel shall, in the Course of her Voyage, meet or fall in with any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of her, shall, and is hereby required to produce to the Captain, or other Officer commanding such Ship or Vessel of War, the said Log Book so to be kept as aforesaid, and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, and is hereby required to make a Memorandum in such Log Book, of the Day orr which it was so produced to him, and mall subscribe his Name to such Memorandum, and shall also make an Entry in the Log Book of the said Ship or Vessel of War, of the Name and Description of the Ship or Vessel, on board of which the Log Book of such Ship or Vessel so produced to and signed by him was kept; and in case such Ship or Vessel, on board of which a Log Book is so required to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign Port, where there is or shall be a British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, and is hereby required to produce such Log Book to such British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a Mo morandum therein, of the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall in like Manner subscribe the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel, owned by his Majesty's Subjects residing in Ireland, and fitted out from any Port in that. Kingdom, which shall have complied with the Conditions of this Act, to be verified determined by Certificates, in such Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as are required, by any Law in force before the passing. of this Act, to intitle Ships or Vessels fitted out from Ireland* to the Bounties then existing for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Whale Fishery, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, be intitled to such and the same Bounties as the like Ships or Vessels fitted out from Great Britain, or the islands aforesaid, shall be intitled to>by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And whereas Applications have heretofore been made to Parliament for the Bounty on Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery that have happened to be loft at Sea before their Return to Great Britain, and a Doubt hath arilen whether the said Bounty may be lawfully insured by the Owner or Owners of such Ships; for obviating such Doubt, and for preventing any future Applications to Parliament for the Bounty on any such Ships,* be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any Ship employed, or designed to be employed in the said Fishery, to insure the Bounty which such Owner or Owners would be intitled to upon the Return of such Ship to the Port to which the Master, and one or more of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall have declared, on Oath, their Intention to return; and on the Performance

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 41.

of all other Matters dirafted and appointed by this present Act to be performed for obtaining the said Bounty.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, for and during the Time limited by this Act, to import into Great Britain Whale Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Wholes, Seal Oil, or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Seals, or other Fith or Creatures taken or caught in the said Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British Subjects* usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands aforesaid, in British-built Ships or Vessels, owned and navigated as before required, in regard to the Bounties granted by this Act, without pay.ng any Custom, Subsidy, or other Duty, for the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give Liberty of importing any of the before-mentioned Articles Duty-free, unless the Mailer and Mate of the Ship or Vessel importing the same shall first make Oath before the principal Officers of the Customs, or any two of them (of which the Collector shall be one), in the Port or Ports of Importation (who are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer such Oath), that all the Whale Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil, Seal Skins, or other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures imported in such Ship or Vessel, are really and bona file the Fins, Oil, or Blubber of Whales, or the Skins, Oil, or other Produce of Seals, or other Fish or Creatures caught and taken in the said Greenland Seas or Davis' s'Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, by the Crews of such Ships or Vessels only, owned, fitted out, and navigated as aforesaid.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall tive or grant any false Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, crafe, alter, or falsify any Certificate required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false Certificate, or of any Certificate so counterfeited, craied, altered, or fallihed, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and every such Certificate shall be invalid and of no EiFeft.

XVII. And whereas the Greenland Fishery Trade cannot be carried on without a certain Number of Men particularly qualified to carry on the said Fishery ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harpooner, Line Manager, or Boat Steerer, who shall be in, or belong to, any Ship or Vessel in the Greenland Fishery Trade, and whose Name (distinguishing the Capacity in which the Person so named is to act) shall be inserted in a List, which is hereby required to fce delivered, on Oath, by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel to the Collector of the Customs at the Port from which such Shin or Vessel is intended to-proceed upon the said Fishery (which Oath such Collector is hereby impowered and required to administer), shall be impressed from the said Service; and that any such Harpooner, Line Manager, or Boat Steerer, may, during the Time of the Year that he or they are not employed in the said Fishery, fail in the Colliery Trade, upon giving Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that he or they will proceed in the said Ship or Vessel to the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Streights, on the Whale Fishery, the next Season; and that every Seaman or common Mariner who, after the first Day of February, in any Year during the Continuance of this Act, shall be entered to serve on board any Ship which shall be intended to proceed on the said Fishery in the following Season, whose Name shall be inserted in a Lilt to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged and exempt from being impressed from or out of the said Service from the said first Day of February, till after the Expiration of the then next Season for the said Fishery, and until the Voyage home from thence shall be fully complete and ended, and no longer; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Greenland Seas, and Davis's Streights, and Seas adjacent, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to extend to the Latitude of fifty-nine Degrees thirty Minutes North, and no farther.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for England and Scotland respectively shall, at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament,- lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account in Writing under their Hands, of what Number of Ships or Vessels have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights, and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship or Vessel shall have imported.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue or prosecute for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer, in Scotlandr respectively, where the Offence shall be committed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to have been done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited. or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants

45

Whale Fins, &c. may be imported in British Ship* Duty-free;

but not unless Oath is made that the Cargo was caught by the Crews of such Ships.

Persons grantfhg. or using false Certificates forfeit 500l.

No Harpooner, See, shall be iro* prettied;

but may when unemployed therein, fail in the Colliery Tr*de, on giving Security to return the next Season.

Common Seamen protected till the End of the Season after Entry,

Extent of the Fishery,

Commissionert of the Custom* to lay before Parliament! annually, the Amount of the Number o& Ships, &c. employed.

How Penaldee are to be approx priated.

General Iff*.

46 C. 42, 43. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, TreWe Cosa the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Cosh, and have the like Remedy for the same ay Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Battens and Deals imported into Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

New Duties on Battens and Deals imported:

Which, shall be under the Management of the Commissionert of Cnftoxni*

Application of the Duties*

Clause relative to Centrals made before May ft for delivering Batten®, &c. after June ii9 J786.

[Proviso.]

[Preamble.]

Recital ot A A 7 Geo. 3. C. 5S.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain* in Parliament assembled, having taken into'our most serious Consideration your Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, recommending the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt, and younfaithful Commons being desirous of obtaining that desirable Object by the most easy and effectual Means, have, towards that Purpose, resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned $ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon the Goods herein after mentioned, over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties already imposed and payable thereon, the several and respective additional Duties following; that is to say. For every one hundred and twenty Battens, imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Sum of five Shillings; and after that Rate for any greater or left Number of Battens: And for every one hundred and twenty Deals, imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain* the Sum of twenty Shillings $ and after that Rate for any greater or left Number of Deals.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before granted shall be under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever, and shall be drawn back* upon the due Exportation of such Goods respectively to foreign Parts; and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and the Drawbacks allowed in the same Manner and Form, and under the like Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties and Drawbacks for such Goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid and allowed, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, in any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies to arise by the Duties and Impositions granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of tailing and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster distinct and apart from all Branches of the Publick Revenue, and shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, and shall be applicable to the same Uses and Purposes as the said Sinking Fund is now applicable unto.

IV. And whereas (landing Contracts may have been made before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty- fix, by the Importers or Proprietors of Battens and Deals, for serving Persons *ith such Battens and Deals, or either of those Articles respectively, to be delivered in Point of Time after the said twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the Importers or Proprietors of such Battens and Deals, or either of those Articles re(pe£fcively, which shall be delivered after the said twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such ~ Battens and Deals, or either of those Articles respectively, and shall be intitled by virtue of this Actfc to be paid the same accordingly.

V. Provided neverthelefe. That the Parties who have contracted to receive the said Goods shall have the Liberty to annul and cancel the Bargains they have entered into, in case they chuse so to do, rather than pay the said Addition of Duties*

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and, it is enacted,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43.

That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several additional

Rates and Duties following; that is to say. For every Ell of foreign Linen, commonly called Packing

Canvas, Spruce Elbing, or ^ueenjborough Canvas, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Farthing; and for every LII of foreign Linen, commonly called Dutch Barras and Hejftn Canvas which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Halfpenny, and after those Rates for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Goods respectively over and above all other Duties imposed thereon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament; and that from and after the said first Day of Augv.fi one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven. all foreign Lawns imported into Great Britain, shall be rated and entered as Silf/ia Lawns, and shall pay Duty accordingly; and that from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, there shall also be raised, levied, collected, and paid for every Yard of foreign Lawn, bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland Whited Lawn, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quan- city, over and above all other Duties imposed thereon by any former Act or Acts of Parliament: And it is by the said Act further enacted, That the Money arising by the said several Rates and Duties should, from Time to Time, be respectively paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, difiindfly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenue; and that a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, arising from the said Duties, shall be kept apart in the said Receipt as a Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, in such Wav and Manner as Parliament shall thereafter dire#; and that the Remainder of the said several Duties mould be reserved in the said Receipt for the future Disposition of Parliament: And whereas, by another Act made in the tenth. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund, established bp an An made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom, and for establishing a Fund i(for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flaxit is enabled, that it shall and may be lawful to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, by his or their Royal Sign Manual for that Purpose, and countersigned by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time

47

Act 10 Geo. tk, c. 404 «A+

grown due, and been kept apart, and shall thereafter grow due, and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act of the seventh of his present Majesty; and the remaining seven Fifteenths of the said Fund appropriated for the Encouragement of the railing and dressing of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is put under the Management of the Trustees and Commissioners for encouraging and promoting Fishings, Manufactures, and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-full Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual so much of an Act, made in the tenth Year of his Majestf s Reign, intituled, An Act for appropriating a Fund established by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty^ 41 for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this Kingdom; and for establishing a fund for the encouraging of the raising and dressing of Hemp and Flax," as relates to the distributing and paying the Proportion of the Fund thereby appropriated for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, by applying a Sum, not exceeding 'fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, out of the hid Arrears and Duties, to the Purposes aforesaid, for a Time limited; the Distribution and Payment of the Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, from the Commencement of the said Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, and annually afterwards; or of eight fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums of Money which had grown due and been kept apart, oi should thereafter grow due and be kept apart for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, and every Matter and Thing for the Appropriation thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the seventh of his Majesty, was thereby put under the Management and Direction of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with and under such Conditions, Restrictions, and Limitations as therein are expressed; and it was thereby enacted, That, for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax in that Part of Great Britain called England, there should be applied* distributed, and paid, in Bounties yearly, a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand. Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid out of, the Arrears then in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and out of the After-produce of the said Duties; at the Rate of three Pence per Stone for every Stone of Hemp weighing fourteen Pounds, and four Pence for every like Stone of Flax, to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called. England, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and in every subsequent Year during, the Space of five Years, and which should be broken and properly prepared for Market, to be paid to the Grqwer, or other Person who breaks and properly prepares such Hemp and Flax for Market; and certain Rules and Regulations were thereby prescribed and established for distributing the said Bounties: And whereas by an Act made in the twenty* second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the Debt contrasted upon his Civil Lt/l Revenues, and for preventing the

Afl irCio, c. 58; and

Geo. 34

c.$2.

4*

Part of recited Act 21 and 22 Geo. 3. repealed.

C rants for the Encouragement' of Growth, See, of Hemp and Flax put under Management of tfct Treasury.

Bountiet continued for 7 Year*.

Claims for*Bounties to be exbi-bited to a Justice, to be laid before the Quarter Session*

Claimants mo ft give Bond that the Bountiet have been properly claimed.

At every Quarter Sessions the Bounties granted must be publishedt and Claim* fcqut ed:

And at Miofunu mer Session* annually the

C. 43. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

suppressed, abolished, and taken away, and the Duty and Business done, or which might legally be done,

by the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, and all Authorities, Powers, and Jurisdictions, given to the said Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament, were to be held and exercised, under the former Directions and Trusts, ty any Committee or Committees of his Majesty's Privy Council, which his Majesty should be pleased to direct and appoint during his Royal Pleasure: And whereas some Difficulties have arisen as to the Mode of applying to the Privy Council, since the Suppression of the Board of Trade,

whereby the said Bounties have not been duly paid, nor the Growth of Hemp and Flax sufficiendy encouraged; and it is necessary and expedient, for more fully answering the Intention of the Legislature in passing the said Acts, that the Term of the said Act of the twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign should be further continued, and certain Alterations and Additions for improving the Plan or Method of paying and distributing the said Bounties should be made May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Acts of the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty's Reign as relates to putting the Management and Direction, or the Distribution and Payment of the Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, or eight fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums of Money which have already grown due and been kept apart, or shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of railing and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, under the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, or any Committee of his Majesty's Privy Council, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Distribution and Payment of the said Sum of eight thousand Pounds per Annum, or eight fifteenth Parts of the Sum and Sums ot Money which have already grown due and kept apart, or shall hereafter grow due and be kept apart, for the Encouragement of raising and dressing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and every Matter and Thing for the Appropriation thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of the seventh of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be, and is hereby put under the Management and Direction of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Encouragement of the Growth of Hemp and Flax In that Part of Great Britain called England, there shall be applied, distributed, and paid, in Bounties yearly, a Sum not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid out of, the Arrears now in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and out of the After-produce of the said Duties; at the Rate of three Pence per Stone for every Stone of Hemp weighing fourteen Pounds, and four Pence for every like Stone of Flax, to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and in every subsequent Year, during the Space of seven Years, to be paid to the Grower, or other Person who breaks and properly prepares such Hemp or Flax for Market.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grower, or Person claiming, and who shall be intitled to the said Bounty, shall sign and exhibit his Claim to one of the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place within which the Hemp or Flax has been raised: mentioning in such Claim of what Crop the same is, and the Farm or Ground on which the Hemp or Flax grew 5 and which Claim shall be likewise attested by two of the Parish Officers of the same Parish with the Claimant or Grower, who shall certify, that they believe the Truth of the Particulars contained in such Claim; and which Claim, when so attested, the said Justice is hereby required to countersign and transmit to the Clerk of the Peace, to be by him laid before the Justices for the County, Riding, or Place at their next General Quarter Sessions.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall claim and receive any of the Bounties herein before granted shall, at or before the Time when he shall receive the same, enter into a Bond or Security to the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, of the said Counties, Ridings, or Places respectively, with two sufficient Securities, to be approved of by the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place within which the said Hemp or Flax grew, in the penal Sum of Treble the Value of the Bounty claimed and received, and of the Hemp or Flax for which he shall have claimed and received the same, with Condition, that such Person is duly intitled to the said Bounty, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act -9 which Bond shall and may be put in Suit, under the Orders and Directions of the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions, by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, against every such Person or Persons as the Case shall require; and all Sums of Money so recovered, shall be put into the Hands of the Treasurer of the respective Counties, and be applied, in the first Place, towards defraying the Charges and Expences of prosecuting the same, and the other Charges attending the Execution of this Act j and the Remainder towards the Fund, out of which the said Bounties are to be granted.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices, in each County, at their Quarter Sessions, at Michaelmas next after passing this Act, and at every following General Quarter Sessions, during the Continuance of this Act, (nail, and they are hereby required before their Adjournment respectively, to advertise and publish the Bounties by this Act granted, and the Conditions necessary to be complied with before the same can be received, with Directions for all Persons claiming the Bounties to deliver 4Q their Claims in the Manner prescribed by this Act.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices shall, at their General Quarter Sessions at Midsummer in each Year, before the same shall be adjourned, publish, in like Manner

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43, 44.

as their other Orders of Session are published, the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons-claiming, and the Quantities of Hemp and Flax for which the Bounties are claimed \ and shall direct and ordei such En-Quirits to be made, and such Methods to be pursued, for discovering and ascertaining the /'rath of fudi Claims, as they shall think fit, and shall, at their then next ensuing Michaelmas Sessions, finally settle, determine, and publish the same as aforesaid, and shall then make up a State thereof, and of their Judgements thereupon, and transmit a Certificate thereof to the Lord High Treasurer, or ComonJioners of the Trea-feiry for tfce Time being, praying an Issue of the Amount of the said Bounties; and the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any thiee or more of them for the Time being, or the Lord High Treasurer fertile Time being, shall thereupon, and they are hereby impowered and required to issue, without Fee or Reward, their Warrants cr Orders to the Receivers of the Land Tax of the several Counties within which the Hemp and Flax has been raised, to pay, without Deduction, Fee, or Reward, on the Order of the Quarter Sessions of each respective County, Riding, or Place, the Sums appropriated for each County; and the said Justices shall thereupon forthwith pay, without Fee or Reward, the same to the several Pciions, or their A (Tigris, who shall have been found intitled to the said Bounties.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grower, or other Person preparing Hemp or Flax for Market, and who shall fell any Quantity of Hemp or Flax, within that Part of Great Britain called England shall deliver to the Buyer, along with such Hemp or Flax, a particular Account of the Hemp and Flax fold, expressing the Quantity, Place where it grew, and the Year of its Growth; and the Seller in like Manner shall take of the Buyer a Receipt in Writing, containing a Duplicate of the Quantity bought, the Place where it grew, and the Year of its Growth.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Claims which have already been delivered in, but whicKTemain unsettled, shall forthwith be advertised and published by the Justices at their next ensuing Quarter Sessions respectively after the passing of this Act, and shall be by them finally settled and determined; and the Bounties so claimed and allowed shall be paid in the Manner directed by this act.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, shall annually make up an exact Account of the Quantities of 4Hemp and Flax certified to them to be raised, and of the Monies paid and ifllied to the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties, and shall annually lay the same before both Houses of Parliament.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such reasonable Allowances shall be made to the

Clerks of the Peace respectively, for what they shall do and perform in their respective Offices, for and towards the carrying into Execution the Purpoks of this Act, as the Justices at their Quarter Sessions shall from Time to Time order and direct 0

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Acts of the seventh, tenth, and twenty-first Years of his Majesty's Reign, shall continue and be in full F orce in all Respedb, excepting in fb far as the same are hereby altered or varied.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in full Force for and during the full Term of seven Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with Respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Effaces for their Creditors Benefit.

WHEREAS it may be reasonable to extend the benefits of an Act passed in the thirty-second

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, of glorious Memory, intituled,

An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit, to several Persons who have neglected to take the Benefit of the same, and also to several Persons who were not intitled to any Benefit under the said Act :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person now or hereafter in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two hundred Pounds, shall be intitled to such Relief as by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Per-fins - and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Aciy to make Discovery ofy and deliver upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit is granted to Persons charged in Execution for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred rounds.

*6 Geo. III. H II. And

49

Name*, &c. of Claicnanispu j-liffed.

Treasury are fi> order Receivera of Land 1’jb 10 issue Money to thr Justicta to pay the Bcunics.

Arcr-unt of He*np (old to ( e dd terrri rht're-with^and Receipt giv-n to »hr SrI-Irr by ihe Bujer.

AH unfetted < ki ns fh.i! 1 he finally set'kd at th- first Qu -rttr Sessions >tur passing this Act. Annual Account of H.mp raised, and B unties paid, shall be laid before Parliament.

Allowance shall be made the Clerks of the Pea.e for their Trouble.

Recited Afl* of 7, ir, and 21 Geo. 3. continued.

Continuance of this Act,

[Preamble.]

31 Geo. *. c. 28.

The Relief granted to Debtors n, texceeding 100 1. by 31 Geo. a. c. *8. extended to all nor exceeding 200 1.

5°

Creditors for Mi th n lool. may compel Debtor to deliver up EfTefts, &c.

g and 10 Gul. 3. C. 15.

Gaoler* to give Notice of this Act to all Debt* ora in their Custody. See.

on Penalty of 501.

Time allowed Debtors fur talcing the Benefit of the reci ed Act extended*

Creditors may file Inter oratories, &c.

Not to extend to Debt*, due to the Crown, &c.; nor to Scotland.

Continuance of this Act,

[Preamble.]

*5 Geo. 3. c. 58.

Act 5 Geo. i,

c. iS.

Act 3 Geo. a,

C. 20.

C. 44, 45. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Creditor or Creditors, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, at whole Suit any Debtor shall be charged in Execution for any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of two hundred Pounds, shall have such Remedy, by compelling such Debtor to deliver up his or her Estate and Effects for the Benefit of his or her Creditors, as is provided by the before recited Act, in Cales where the Sum for which such Debtor shall be in Execution does not exceed the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And whereas many Persons are often committed on Attachments, for not paying Money awarded c to be paid under Submissions to Arbitration by Rules of Court, or under SubtnilTions to Arbitration Bonds, and which Submissions have been made Rules of the Court, in pursuance of an Act passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of William the Third, for determining Differences ly Arbitration,

and likewise for not paying of Cods duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, after proper Demands made for that Purpose; and also upon any Writ of Excommunicato Capiendo, or other Process for, or grounded on the Nonpayment of Cods or Expences in any Cause or Proceeding in any Ecclesiastical Court it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such Persons are and shall be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, and subject to the same Terms and Conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to Prisoners for Debt only.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons are hereby directed and required to give Notice of this Act to all Persons in their Cudody for Debt, within three Days after such Persons shall have been respectively committed or charged in Execution, so as to make the same clearly and perfectly understood; and if any Gaoler or Keeper of a Prison shall neglect to give such Notice according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall forfeit and pay, to any Person who shall sue for the same, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered by him or her by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eifoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and in every such Action the Proof shall lie on the Person against whom the same shall be brought: Provided nevertheless, that such Action shall be brought within six Calendar Months after the Cause of Action accrued.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Debtor as aforesaid shall have neglected to take the Benefit of the said Act, within the Time limited by the said Act, and shall have remained in Prison by the Space of one Year and shall make it appear to the Court out of which such Execution issued, that such Neglect arose from Ignorance or Millake, such Debtor shall then be intitled to take the Benefit of the said Act, as if he or she had taken the same within the Time by the said Act lb limited as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Creditor or Creditors, at whose Suit any Debtor shall be so in Execution as aforesaid, to file Interrogatories for the Examination of such Prisoner, before his or her being admitted to take the Benefit of this or tfoe before recited Act.

VIE Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to any Debt or Debts that may be owing to the Crown, nor shall it aftedt any Proceeding which at any Time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of any Commission of Bankrupt.

VIII. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IX. Provided also, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery* by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken> cured, and exported.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a farther Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported \ it is enacted, That for every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards, containing fifty Gallons, and so in Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity thereof, which should be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain into Parts beyond the Seas, between the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, upon which the Person or Persons exporting the same should be intitled to a certain Bounty of seven Shillings, by virtue of or under the two several Acts therein mentioned, the one made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King George the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts; and bitter securing the Duties upon Salt-, and the other, made in the third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for taking off certain Duties on Sait, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Fu?:As that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced Annuity, payable to the halt India Company, on the Aggregate Fund-, an Belief of Matthew Lyon, Executor of Matthew Page decafed, in respeti of the Duty for Salt lost by the Overflowing of the River Mersey in the Year one thousand seven hunured and twenty four; an additional Bounty of two Shillings should be paid and payable to such Person and Persons so Entitled to the said Bounty of seven Shillings, at such Times, in such Manner, by such Person and Persons, and out of such Monies, as the said Bounty of seven Shillings was by the said two several Acts, or either of them, directed to be paid; And whereas the said Fishery is of great Importance to the Nation, by promoting

5i

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 45, 46.

useful Industry, providing for great Numbers of poor People, and serving as a Nursery for able Sca-

men; and inalmuchas the same canm.t be carried on without a Continuance of the said additional Bounty

of two Shillings :* May it Therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted.; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tcm- Aftij Geo. j#

pord, and Commons, in this p re lent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the continued for

{aid recited Act of the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and every Power, Pro- five Year from

viiion, Clause, Matt r, and Thing therein conta ned (except as herein after is mentioned), shall, from and Jun- 24» 1786.

after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-iix, be, and the same are hereby continued for and during the Term of five Years, and shall, during such Term, be in full Force,

and be put in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated

and re enacted in the Body of this pretent Act.

II. Proviced always, and be it enacted, That in case the Quantity of Pilchards which shall be exported from any or Place, Ports or i laces, in Great Britain, to Parts beyond the Seas, upon which the said Bounty of seven Shdlings shall become payable, do or shall, in any one Year of the said Term of five Years, herein before granted or limited ffr the Continuance of the said recited Act of the twenty*fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, exceed the Quantity of twenty thousand Hogsheads, the said additional Bounty of two Shillings shall not be payable or paid for or in respect of any Pilchards so exported as aforesaid, beyond or exceeding the said Quantity of twenty thousand irloglheads; any Thing in the said recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or in this present Act, or in any other Act or Acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if a greater Quantity than twenty thoiifmd Hogsheads of Pilchards shall be taken, cured, and exported, in each or any one Year of the said Term of five Years, then, in each and every such Year, the said additional Bounty of two Shillings upon the Quantity of twenty thousand Hogsheads shall become payable, and shall be paid to each and every Person and Persons respectively intituled to the said additional Bounty, in Proportion to the whole Quantity of Pilchards so taken, cured, and exported.

tided proprrtkmlly am

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons to whom the fed additional Bounty of two Shdlings shall be payable and paid, rateably and in Proportion according to me Sum or Sums of Money so by them respectively received, but not exceeding two Shillings on each Cask or Vessel of Pilchards containing fifty Gallons; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Publick Act.]

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed a Publick Act; and shall be taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Ad ’itional Bk un;y of it- for every 50 Gallon* r>t Pik hards expofrd, not to be f«iH for a Git-ci an i»y t an 1^,000 Ho:fl cads in one Year.

Ru*- the Paid

II. ir>'v on

20,coo Hogs.

hc i.', -a, tre S

la*g i Qu..nii,y-has 1 e n export ed, (h !) He ji. n g 111 c V t (V I«.

Exper.ce* a* tbit "it one bora.a determined by he l erf nt ioticl-d to the B.untj.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for augmenting and fixing the Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Com rr.iffionera of Justiciary, and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS the stated Salaries of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of Judiciary, Preamble and Barons of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are inadequare to the

Dignity and Importance of their Offices: And whereas certain additional Allowances have been made to

(bme of the Judges of these Courts by Warrants under his Majesty's Privy Seal in Scotland, which

Allowances ought to be permanent: And whereas the Lords of Session are possessed of a Fund called The Stock of the Courts by Grants before the Union of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, amounting

to twenty-two thousand seven hundred Pounds Sterling, of Capital Money, the yearly Interest of which they have been in use to divide among them, but which Sum ought now to be restored to the Publick May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Sum of twenty-two thousand seven hundred Pounds, together with the Sum of one thousand one hundred and thirty-five Pounds Sterling, being one Year’s Interest on the said Capital, shall, on the fifth Day of April, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be paid in to the Receiver General of his Majesty's Land Rents in Scotland\ in order to be by him remitted to the Exchequer in England, for the Use of the Publick, and the said Receiver General for the Time being is hereby authorised and required to take aH legal Steps, if necessary, for recovering the same.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Time coming the re shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every Year, out of the Monies that shall arise from any the Duties and Revenues in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by Acts made in the seventh and tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the Payment of the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges, allowed or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for keeping up the Courts of Session*

Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, the several Salaries following, to the Judges after mentioned; (that is to say). The Sum of two thousand Pounds Sterling to the Lord President of the Court of Session for the Time being; the Sum of one thousand Pounds Sterling to each of the other Lords of Session for the Time

Fund in the

Hanos of the Lord of Sr fliorf to f e paid *0 the Rec*iv^r Gene* nl in SioiLnd on April 5, 1787, so Hr rc .'ted to the Ex< hequer in tnglinii.

Out of the Revenues appoint* d by AlU 7 and 10 A nr*, for support n* tie Court ot Seffi< ns Sec. here shall I e p-*id to the Judges the Saline* heicift Specified.

'by

52

The first Payment to be on >br s» 1786.

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble.]

1

»rem July 5,

1786, ihe Judge of the Admiralty in Scotland flull receive 400 1. annual!* i.i lit a o( all Fcrqui-

fiteit

And the Judge* of the Commif-(*ry Court tool, mnoually each, an lieu of Sen* fence Money:

But oth*r usual Perquisitet may be received*

C. 47. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

being; the Sum of two thousand Pounds Sterling to the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland for the Time being; the Sum of one thousand Pounds Sterling to each of the other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being; the Sum of six hundred Pounds Sterling to the Lord Justice Clerk for the Time being; and the Sum ot three hundred Pounds Sterling to each of the other Lords Commissioners of Judiciary for the Time being.

III. And be it enacted, That the first Quarter’s Payment of the said respective Sums shall be made on the fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and erghty-six, and thereafter the same shall continue to be paid quarterly in every Year, in such Manner as the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges of keeping up the said Courts in Scotland, have accustomarily been paid fnice the Union of the two Kingdoms; and the Sums hereby granted shall be in place of the different Salaries and Allowances, which the Judges of the said Courts do at present, or have been in use to enjoy, whether by dated Salary, Additions by Privy Seal, or Intered of the aforesaid Money, excepting always any additional yearly Sum, which is or may be granted by his Majesty, by Warrant under the Privy Seal in Scotland\ to one of the puil'ne Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, when appointed to that Office from the Bar of England \ and excepting also the Sums issued in every Year for defraying the Expences of the Judiciary Judges at their Circuits.

[Publick Act.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall and may be deemed and taken to be a

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for discharging the Payment of Sentence Money, and other Fees of Court, to the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Payment of Sentence Money to the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh; for granting Salaries to the Judges of the said Courts in lieu thereof and for regulating the Nomination of the said Judges.

WHEREAS the Judge of the Court of Admiralty, which was stipulated by the Articles of Union

to be continued in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, has never had any dated Salary or Allowance from the Publick, but has been in the Use of receiving Sentence Money, and other casual F ees,

upon Proceedings in the said Court, which Practice ought to be abolished: And whereas the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh have likewise been in the Use of receiving Sentence Money, and aie otherwise insufficiently provided May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kine’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall not be lawful for the present Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, or his Successors in that Office, directly or indirectly, to ask or take from any Suitor or Suitors in the said Court, or any other Person or Persons, any Fee or Perquisite, for acting or doing Business as a Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, in Name of Sentence Money, Poundage, Droits of Admiralty, or upon any Pretence whatever; and in lieu of all Fees and Perquisites heretofore in use to be paid to, or exacted by or for the Judge of the said Court, the present Judge, and his Successors in Office, shall be intitled to and receive a yearly Salary, amounting to the Sum of four hundred Pounds Sterling, payable in the same Form, and upon the same Establishment, as the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, and Exchequer, are paid in that Pait of Great Britain called Scotland; the first Quarter’s Payment of the said Salary to be made on the fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July* in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall not be lawful for the Judges of the ComrrHllary Court in Edinburgh, or their Successors in Office, directly or indirectly, to ask or take, from any Suitor or Suitors in the said Court, or from any other Person or Persons, any Fee or Perquisite for acting or doing Business as Judges of the said Commissary Court, in Name of Sentence Money, upon the Decrees pronounced by them; and in lieu of such Sentence Money heretofore in Use, as well as for the better Provision of the said Commissaries, they and their Successors in Office shall be intitled to, and-receive the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, per Annum each of Salary, payable in the same Form, and upon the same Establishment, as the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Jufi ciary, and Exchequer, are paid in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; the first Quarter’s Payment of the said Salary to be made on the’ fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six-

III. Provioed always, and be it enucled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Allowances to the said Commissaries out of the Bishops Rents shall continue as before; and th^t nothing herein contained shall be construed either to enlarge or diminish their customary Dues on the Confirmation of Testaments, or other Articles, except that of Sentence Money, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed either to enlarge or diminish the customary and lawful Dues or Perquisites of the Clerks and Fiscals of any of the said Courts, but that the said Clerks and Fiscals shall still continue to receive what they are by Law or Custom intitled to in Name of Sentence Money, or otherwise: And, for the better acertaining the Extent thereof, in those Cases where the Judges and the Clerks and Fiscals have heretofore been in use to

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48. 53

receive joint Fees or Perquisites, ard where the Judges are not in future to receive them, the said Judge and Judges of the two Courts aforesaid reflectively are hereby impowered and required, on or before the first Day of November, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, to establish Regulations for the Payment of the Clerics and Fiscals Dues in their several Courts, according to the just Amount of the Proportions or Sums which the said Clerks and h deals have been in life to receive in Time past in the Cases P aforesaid, and which Regulations shall be entered in their Books of Sederunt; and it shall be lawful and competent to any Party concerned to complain to the Court of Session against such Determination, at any Time within six Months thereafter; whose Judgment given upon the same, or that of the said Judges not complained of, shall continue to be the Rule for levying the said Dues in Time coming.

V. And be it enacted, That in Time coming, no Person shall be appointed to the Office of Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, or to the Office of any of the said Commissaries, unless he has, during three Years immediately preceding his Appointment, attended the Court of Session regularly and bona jide as a Practitioner in the Time of Session; and if any* Appointment shall happen to be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, the same shall be null and void.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, within that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland* to replace to the Revenue the Sums granted out of the same, in this Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Judiciary, Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland* and Commiflfary Court of Edinburgh,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament aftembried, being desirous to replace to your Majesty's Revenue, arising in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the most easy Means, the Sums granted out of the same in this present Session of Parliament, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary*

Exchequer, and Admiralty Court in Scotland, and Commissiary Court of Edinburghdo therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Exellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout that Part of Britain called Scotland, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

I That for and upon every Skin* or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be engrafted, printed, or written, any Deposition or Depositions of a Witness or Witnesses

! fcken in any Cause or Suit before the Court of Session, or Commission of Teinds, or Court of Admiralty

in Scotland, or CommilTary Court of Edinburgh, or in any Civil Cause before any inferior Court in Scot-Innd, or whereupon any Affidavit, or written Deposition produced in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be engrafted, printed, or written, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of one Shilling Sterling.

That for and upon every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which Quh be engi oiled, written, or printed, any Extract or attested Copy of or from any Deed, Instrument, or Writing (except Protests upon Bills or Promffibry Notes under forty Shillings Sterling), given out from { any Publick Register, or from the Books or Record of any Court in Scotland, there shall be charged a \ Stamp Duty of one Shilling Sterling.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be } construed to extend, to charge with the said Rates and Duties any Deposition or Depositions taken ip any

« Cause or Suit before any of the said Courts in Scotland, which is iniifted in at the Instance of the Publick.

.$ Prosecutor, for the Publick Interest, or where the Publick Revenue is concerned; or any Deposition or Depositions taken in any Civil Cause, before any inferior Court aforesaid, where the Stun or Sucjeft concluded for is under the Value of five Pounds Sterling, exclusive of Costs; or any such Deposition or De- portions, taken in any of the Courts aforesaid, by or at the Instance of any Person or Perlbr.s on the Poor’s-

Roll of such Court, and who is, are, or shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperis \ or any Ex-lf2fts of the Decrees of Courts, other than such forma! Decrees of Registration as are usually annexed to* the Extracts of Writings.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectuallevying-and collecting the said Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time oeing appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to J employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation

to

Regulation! to be Hlablifhrd for Pivment to the Chiles snd Fifcalt (hei- accustomed Duee.

Vo Person to be appointed fudge o Commissary v> ho has not practised in the t ourt of Session three Years.

Preambles

From July 1786, the following Stamp Duties shall be paid on Vellum, &c.

For every Skin of Dcpofuiona before the Court of Session, or Affidavit in the Exchequer, x

For every Er-tra£> from any Publick Regi* flee, i«. per Skin.

Not to extend fo~ Matters where the Publick Inter* ft is cone rn» ed, nor to Civil cause< under ’he Valueot yl.&c*

Duties to be nn* der be Manage-menl of the Commissionert fwf Stamps.

54

Vellum. Sec. to be stamped before written on.

ComrT iflloners to rurniihStampt Vellum, &c. f be re.idy for such as may call for st.

Usual Allowance to be made on prempt Payment.

Persont using undamped Vellum, &c. or bumps of too low a V-lne, forfeit 101.

and, if in a Publick Office, forfeit their Employment.

Attorneys, Sec

committing such* Fraud* to be dif-abOd from practising. Penalty of rol. on every Depo-fiion, &c. so illegally made out, wh ch it invalid till the Duty and Penalty be paid.

Commissionen ma? appomf In-fp-A >ra *-f he Paper. used in Cou'ts, ai d the Judge* »te to afTi l in f-turing th: Duties.

C. 4-8. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

to the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Fart of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, liable to the Duties by this Act imposed, shall, before the la ne shah be engrossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to the Head Office for stamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, or Paper; and the said Commissioners, by themselves, or by their Orficers employed under them, Hull forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any Person or Per foils, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as by this Act is directed, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Person so bringing the same paying to the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk,' the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of t;.is Act; and in Default of diffident Quantities of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper being brot gnt to the He.id Office to be stamped as aforesaid, the said Commissioners are hereby required to take clpecui Caie that the several Parts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall, from Time to Time, be sufficiently furnished with Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, damped and marked as aforesaid, so as the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, may have it in their Election to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners, at the usual or mod common Rates above the said Duty, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be damped at the Head Office of Stamps as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the several Duties granted by this Act, in such Manner as by any former Law relating to damped Veilum, Parchment, or Paper, is directed and allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall engrofe, print, or write, or cause to be engroded, printed, or written, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, any of the Matters or Things for which the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, ought to have a Mark or Stamp as aforesaid, before such Time as the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, shall be marked or damped as aforesaid, or find engross, print, or write, or cause to be eng rolled, printed, or written, any such Matter or Thing, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that shall be marked or damped, for any lower Duty than the Duty by this Act payable for what dull be so engroltd, printed, or written, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed; and in case any Extractor, Clerk, Officer, or Person, who, in respect of any Publick Olnce or Employment, is or shall be intitled or entrulled to make, engross, print, or write any Deposition, Extract, or other Writing by this Act charged to pay a Duty as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any Fraud or Practice to deceive his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any Duty by this Act payable, by making, engrossing, printing, or writing any such Deposition, Extract, or other Writing, or causing the same to be made, engrossed, printed, or written, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, mark’d or damped with any Mark or Stamp, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or by engrossing, printing, or writing the same upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, that shall be marked or damped for a lower Duty as aforesaid, then every such Extractor, Clerk, Officer, or Person, so guilty of any such Fraud or Practice, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall (over and above the Penalty aforesaid) forfeit his Office, Place, or Employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future; and if any Attorney, Conveyancer, Agent, Writer to the Signet, Writer, Solicitor, or Procurator, belonging to any of the Courts aforesaid, 'shall be guilty of any such Fraud or Practice as aforesaid, and be convicted thereof, he shall (over and above the Penalty aforesaid) be disabled for the future to practise as an Attorney, Conveyancer, Agent, Writer to the Signet, Writer, Solicitor, or Procurator, respectively; and if any Deposition, Extract, or other Writing, by this Act charged with the Payment of a Duty as aforesaid, {nail, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, be engrossed, printed, or written, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped according to this Act, or upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, marked or stamped for a lower Duty as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case, there shall be due, answered, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above the Duty aforesaid, for every such Deposition, Extract, or other Writing, the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling; and no such Deposition, Extract, or other Writing, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court in Great Britain, or admitted in any Court in Great Britain to be good, useful, or available in Law or Equity, until as well the said Duty, as the said Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, shall be first paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the same, under the Hand or Hands of some of the Officers who shall be appointed to receive the Duties above mentioned, and until the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such Deposition, Extract, or other Writing, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be marked or Ramped with a lawful Mark or Stamp, according to this Act; and the proper Officer and Officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duty, and the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, unto him or them, to give a Receipt for the same, and to mark or Ramp the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with the proper Mark or Stamp accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, from Time to Time, shall and may appoint a nt Person to attend in any Court or Office, to take Notice of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any the Matters or Things aforesaid shall be engrossed, printed, or written, and of the Marks or Stamps thereon, and of all other Matters and Things tending to secure the said Duties; and that the Judges in the several Courts aforesaid, and such others to whom it may appertain, at the RequeR of such Commissioners, or of any two or more of them, shall make such Orders in the respective Courts, and do such other Matters and

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48.

Things for the better securing of the said Duties under their Charge, as shall be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, and all other Officers who shall be employed in the Collection or Management of the said several Rates and Duties hereinbefore granted, shall, in the Execution of their Offices, observe and perform such Rules and Orders as they respectively shall from Time to Time receive from the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, and that no Fee or Reward shall be taken or demanded by any such Commissioners or Officers from any of his Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and in case any Officer employed iti the Execution of this Act, in relation to the said Rates and Duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required or directed to be done or performed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's Subjects shall or may luflain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so offending shall be liable to any Action, to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages with Treble Costs of Suit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble. or cause to be counterfeited or resembled, the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with a counterfeit Mark*or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeited; or if any Person shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud jiis Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper (not hereby altered or repealed), shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the tune had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties herein before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay thelaroe (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XII. And, to the End the several Sums granted out of the Revenue arising within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, towards the Augmentation of the Salaries of the said judges, may be duly replaced, in case the said Duties hereby granted shall be deficient for that Purpose, by such other Ways and Means as shall be thought expedient by Parliament when such Deficiency shall appear * be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of January, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, the Auditor of the said Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer shall annually, within twenty Days after the first Day of January in every Year, cause to be made out an Account in Writing of all such Sums of Money as shall be paid out of the said Revenue to the said Judges for the Augmentation of their Salaries in pursuance of any Ai\ or Atfts of this present Session of Parliament, for the Year ending the fifth Day of July then preceding; and also the Produce of the Duties hereby granted and paid into the said Receipt, in the same Year, ending as aforesaid; and shall cause such Account to be laid before the Commons in Parliament at their then beflion (if then actually fitting), or if the Parliament shall not be then fitting, in such Case, at their first or next Session, to the End a sufficient further Provision may be made for the replacing to the said Revenue the several Sums so granted as aforesaid in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, by such Ways and Means as shall seem expedient, in case any Deficiency shall appear of the Duties by this Act granted for that Purpose.

XLII. And whereas by the Laws now in force concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, certain Rates of Fees and Charges, due and payable to Conveyancers, and others who used to write for Payment, are eflablflhed, whereby, and by the Regulations and Practice, of the Courts aforesaid consequent thereupon, each Page of Writing is understood to consist of thirty-six Lines, and each Line of nine Words, which hath been held a fair and reasonable (Quantity to be engrossed or written thereon, according to the Rates of the h ees and Charges allowed and payable for the same: Plow, in order to prevent his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from being defrauded of any of the Duties by this Act granted,

and inorder that all Matters and Things by this Act charged, may be engrossed and written in such Manner as they have been usually accustomed, and by Law ought to be engrossed and writtenbe it therefore fur-J ther

55

Commissionert,

Sec. to follow the Directions of the Treasury, and not to taka any Fees.

Per Tom neg!e& ing their Duty, to be liable to Prosecution.

Person* counterfeiting or using forced Stamps, guilty of Felony.

Provision* of former Act* to extend to this.

Dude* to be paid to the Receiver General, and by him into the Exchequer, where a separate Account is to be kept, and the Money carried to the Sinking Fund.

From Jan. r, 1788, an annul Account to be I id before the Commons of the Sums pa>d for Augmentaii n of Judges Sa l*<* ries, an i jf ti e Produce>f the Duties.

56

Not more than a crruia Number of Word* to be inferred in one ?"kin, on Penalty of 101.

How Penalties are to be appropriated.

Mode of Recovery of Penalties.

Ho Person ro be ant it led to Part of Penal y, who does not prul'--cuteindueTime.

His Majesty's &hare to be paid by the Receiver C neral into the Exchequer on Jtufuft i, annually, and to b« applied like ther Peuaitiea*

Justicea to determine in pecuniary Masters of Penalties.

C. 48. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

trier enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, r.o Skin or Piece of VePinn or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, whereon any Matter or Th ng for which a Duty or Duties is or are payable by this Act, is engrossed, written, or printed, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ shall be divided into, or shall include more than four Pages, whereof each Page Ihiil and may contain thirty-six Lines, and each Line nine Words, and no more; and every such Matter and, Thing shall be engrailed and written conformable to the said Regulations, and according to the Course and Pracbce of the respective Courts aforesaid; and that if any Attorney, Conveyancer, Agent, Writer to the Signet, Wri er, Extraitor, Solic for, Procurator, Ceric, or other Person used to write for Payment, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, upon any Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch* ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, chargeable wtth any Stamp Duty by this Act, any more or greaterNum-ber of Words than according to the Rate and Quantity above mentioned, or in any other Manner, so as to insert in any one such Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece ot Paper, above one thousand two hundred and thirty-six Words, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein afier is directed, and shall be and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of any Fee, Reward, or Di(bursement, on account of the engrailing, writing, or making, any such Deposition, Extract, or other Writing aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if fijed for within the Space of six Calendar Months, from the Time of such Penalty being incurred) in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heir* and Successors, in the Manner herein afier mentioned, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Per-fom who shall inform or sue for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such pecuniary Penalties shall and may he sued and recovered, with full Coifs of Suit, in his Majesty's Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland^ by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Division or Distribution of the Penalties aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting for the same, within the Time herein before for that Purpose limited, and that in Default of such Prosecution within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers shall have, or be intitled to, any Part or Share of such Penalties, but that the wnolc thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be recoverable in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of Jufyf in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty- fix, all such Penalties or Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, as shall be due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by virtue of this Act, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General (or some Person to be authorised by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them for the Time being), who shall keep a separate and distimS Account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the first Day of August in every Year, unless the same shall be a Sunday or Holiday, and then on the first Day following which shall not be a Holiday; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, paid into the said Exchequer, shall be entered in such Manner as other Penalties or Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, for Offences touching any the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are or shall, or may be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament of this present Session to be entered; and the said Monies so to be paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the Life of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Manner, and to such Purposes, as other Penalties or Forfeitures, due or payable to his Majesty, have heretofore been u(ed to be, or ought to have been paid or applied, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the PJacc where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, at any Time within six Calendar Months after such Offence committed against this A eft, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath he is hereby impowered to administer), to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this is directed (all which Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed, one Aloiety thereof to the Informer or Informers who shall prosecute for the same, and the ottfer Moiety thereof, the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Manner herein before directed), and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for the levying any such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cjiufe Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any); and where Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty* to commit the said Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of three Caleirdar Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48, 49. 57

find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he, she, or they. Appeal may be shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the r e lon,#

Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, wherein the Offence was committed, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall fern meet.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sum- witnesse* ne-

moned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any 7?

of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused, cn 01 CIt 10 and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds Sterling, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein before directed as to other Penalties.

XX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see justk*tm*ymi* Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs of the Officers and ligate FcnaUic^ Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above

such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation ao not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred, over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such Con vision shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be filed, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing, therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and mayplead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and if upon General the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited,

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Treble Costy Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Perfumery, Hair Powder, and other Articles therein mentioned s and on Licences to be taken out by Persons uttering or vending the same.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Consideration your Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, recommending the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt; and your faithful Commons being desirous of attaining that deferable Object, by the most easy and effectual Means, have, towards that Purpose, resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties upon the several Wares and other Articles herein after mentioned: And to that End and Purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, From July $* from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, *7%?* the (°*~ collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his b°wt^dD2^e* Heirs and Successors, the several new Rates and Duties following, upon the several Wares and other Articles powder*, herein after mentioned; (that is to fav,) &c. vi*

That fer and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Powders, Pastes,

Bails, Balsams, Ointments, Oils, Waters, Washes, Tin<£hircs, Essences, Liquors, or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, commonly called, known, or distinguished, by the Name of Sweet Scents

0<kurt> or Perfumes; or by the Name of Cosmeticks, used or to be used by any Person or Persons as Sweet Scents, Odours, Perfumes, or Cosmeticks, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, in Great Britain, mixed or unmixed with other Materials or Ingredients, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty according to the Rates herein after exnrelfed; and also, that for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, containing any Dentifrice, Powders, Tinctures, or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever for the Teeth or Gums, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty, according to the like Rates herein after cxpiefled; and that for and noon every Roll, Cake, or Piece, Packet, Box, Pot, or other Inclosure of, or containing any Pomatum,

Ointment, or other Preparation or Composition for the Hair, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed tP Sale, in Great Britain, there ftuTll be charged a Stamp-duty, according to the like Rates herein after expressed; and also, that for and upon every Packet, or other Inclosure, containing any Hair Powder, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sstfe. in Great Britain.* the Price whereof shall exceed two Shillings 26 Geo. III. J foe

5«

For every

Packer, ice. of Perfumes, under 8d. Value, id. Between 8 d.and 11.—i d. iq.

Between 11. and si. 6d.—3d.

Between % s. 6d. and 51.—6d#

5 1. or upwards.

Duties to be levied on every Packet, &c. according to the bore Rate*.

For every Packet of Hair Powder tinder 2 1. per lb. 1 d. *or each.

Pcuiuk

Not to extend to Drugs, &c. liable to the Duties imposed by Act 25 Geo. 3. C. 79.

Nor to common

Soap unrruxed with Perfumes.

Persons vending Articles hereby taxed, to pay I ». annually for a Licence. Duties 10 be under the Management of the CommifBonera of Stamps.

Commissionera for S amps to grant Licences for a Year, from July 5, 1786, to be renewed annually ten Djys before they expire.

C. 49. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

for the Pound Weight, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty, according to the like Rates herein after expressed; (that is to say).

Where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall not exceed the Price or Value of eight Pence, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Penny:

And where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall exceed the Price or Value of eight Pence, and not exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Penny Halfpenny:

And where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall exceed the Price or Value of one Shilling, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings and six Pence, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of three Pence:

And where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings and six Pence, and shall be under the Price or Value of five Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty -of six Pence;

And where any such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, shall be of the Price or Value of five Shillings or upwards, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty of one Shilling:

The said several and respective Duties aforesaid to be levied and paid, upon each and every Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure, and upon each and every Roll, Cake, Ball, or Piece of such Wares or other Article or Articles aforesaid, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposeJ to Sale as aforesaid, according to the respective Prices or Values above rated.

And also. That for and upon every Packet, or other Inclosure containing any Hair Powxler, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain, the Price whereof shall not exceed two Shillings for the Pound Weight, there shall be charged for each and every Pound Weight thereof, or any less Quantity than a Pound Weight, a Stamp-duty of one Penny.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, charge any Drugs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure, or Relief of any Distiller or Complaint incident to, or in any wise affecting the human Body, which are charged and chargeable with certain Rates and Duties in and by an act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Stamp-duty on Licences to be taken out by certain Perfns uttering or vending Medicines; and certain 1 Stamp-duties on all Medicines fold under such Licences, or under the Authority of his Majesty's Letters Patent \

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof % with the Rates or Duties in and by this Act imposed, or with any additional Rate or Duty by Force hereof.

III. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the above Rates or Duties any common Soap imported into or made in Great Britain, and charged and chargeable with ar.y Rate or Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs or the Coin-miinoners of Excile, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain, wholly unmixed with any such Sweet Scents, Odours, or Perfumes, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person in Great Britain uttering, vending, or exposing to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, subject to the Duties herein before imposed, shall annually take out a Licence for that Purpose; and that for and upon every Licence so taken out by any such Pci ion, there shall be charged a Stamp-duty or one Shilling.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said several Duties herein before granted, the same shall be under tae Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are herby required and impowered to employ such Officers for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may" be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution with relation to the said Rates and Duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample Manner as they, or the major Part of them, are or is authorised to put in Execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum^ Parchment, and Paper.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any two or more of his Majesty's Commissioners, appointed to manage the Duties arising by Stamps on Veilum, Parchment, and Paper, or some Person duly authorised by them, shall grant Licences to such Persons who shall apply for the same, to utter, vend, or- expole to Sale, in any City, Town, or Place within Great Britain, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, subject to the Duties by this Act im-pof_*d,*and the said Licences so granted shall continue in force for the Space of one Year, commencing from the fifth Day of fitly one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, upon all Licences to be granted on or before that Day, and upon Licences to be (irft granted to any person or Persons at er the said fifth Day of July one thousand Even hundred and eighty-six, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence; and all and every Person and Persons who shall take out such Licence or Licences for uttering, vending, or exposing to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid> shall take out afre(h Licence or

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 59

Licences for another Year, ten Days at the least before the Expiration of that Year for which he, she, or they shall have been licensed, if he, she, or they shall continue to utter, vend, or expose to Sale, such Wares or other Articles aforesaid, or any of them, and shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the Sums due for the Stamps on such Licences so long as he, she, or they shall continue to utter, vend, or expose to Sale, such Wares or other Articles as aforesaid, or any of them*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall utter, vend, or expoie to Sale, any such Wares, or other Articles as aforesaid, which shall be subject to the Rates or Duties herein before imposed, unless he, she, or they shall have first obtained a Licence, and then Remaining in force, in such Manner as is herein before directed, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Pe rfons uttering, vending, orexpofing to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, and licensed so to do, under and by virtue of this Act, shall, within the Space of twenty Days after such Licence (irali have been granted, cause the Words Licensed to deal in Perfumery, to be painted or written in large and legible Chandlers, either over the Door, or in some visible Place in the Front of his, her, or the if House, Shop, or Warehouse, at the respective Places at which he, she, or they shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, to denote that such Person or Persons is or are a Dealer or Dealers in Perfumery, and licensed for that Purpose; and if any Person so licensed as aforesaid shall, after the Expiration of twenty Days after such Licence shall have been granted, presume to utter, vend, cr expose to Sale, any such Wares or other Article or Articles subject to the Duties by this A d imposed, without fixing or hanging out such Notice as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall fix or hang ouuny such Notice as aforesaid, or continue the same so fixed or hung out, without having a Licence for that Purpose then remaining in force, in such Manner as is hereinbefore directed, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

X. And, in order to secure the Duties hereby imposed, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons making, preparing, uttering, vending, orexpofing to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, which are subject to the Duties hereby imposed, shall, from Time to Time, apply to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or to the Officers appointed for that Purpose, for Paper Covers, W rappers, or Labels, to be pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed to Packets, Boxes, Pots, Bottles, Phials, or other Inclosures, containing any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, or to be passed, stuck, fattened, or affixed to Rolls, Cakes, Balls, or Pieces of such Wares, or other Articles, as W be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, without any Inclosure as aforesaid; upon which Paper Covers* Wrappers, or Labels, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to print or impress, or cause to be printed or impressed, some Mark, Device, or feme particular Word or Words, to denote the said Duties, and the Rate thereof: And the said Commissioners are hereby also required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, from Time to Time, to every such licensed Vender or Venders, as Occasion shall require, sufficient Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, for the Purpose aforesaid* on Payment of the respective Sums due for the Stamps thereon; and all and every the Packets, Boxes, Pots, Bottles, Phials, and other Inclosures, containing any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid* uttered, vended* or exposed to Sale therein, by any Person or Persons whatsoever; and also all and every the Rolls, Cakes, Balls, and Pieces of such other Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, which shall 6e uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale as aforesaid, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall have well and sufficiently pasted, (luck, fattened, or affixed thereto, such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, stainped, marked, imprelkd, or distinguished as aforesaid, in such Manner as (he said Commissioners shall direct: And the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, devise and direct the Manner in which such Covers, Wrappers* or Labels, shall be pasted or affixed to the said Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid; or to the Papers* Thread, or other Thing inclosing, or which shall be directed by the said Commissioners to inclose, the same; and to make such Rules and Regulations in that Behalf as they shall think fit and necessary, to prevent the Covers, Wrappers* or Labels affixed to such Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, from being made use of again, after they shall have been fold and disposed of; which Rules, Regulations, and Directions, shall be delivered to all and every Vender or Venders aforesaid, at the Time of his, her, or their taking out the first Licence herein before directed to be taken out by every Person and Persons vending or exposing to Sale such Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, subject to the Duties by this Act imposed; and so* from Time to Time, with every future Licence that shall be granted, if any Variation or Alteration, shall have been made in such Rules, Regulations, or Directions aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, utter, vend, or expose to Sale, or offer or keep ready for Sale, or cause to be vended or exposed to Sale, or ottered or kept ready for Sale, in any Shop, House, or other Place, of which Notice shall have been sent as herein after directed, any Wares* or other Article or Articles aforesaid, subject to the Duties hereby imposed, or receive any Thing whatsoever by way of Barter, or in Exchange for any Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, subject to the said Duties, unless the Cover, Wrapper, or Label, hereby directed to be pasted, (luck, fattened, or affixed to the same, shall previous to such Sale, or exposing to Sale, or offering for Sale, as aforesaid, be well and sufficiently pasted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from

la Time

Persons felling Articles liable to this Duty without a Licence, forfeit 5b

Venders not h »vii?£ the Y/ords " Licensed to dell " in Perfumery,1* on the Front of their House*, forfeiO 5 h

Unlicensed Per* Tons fixing such Notice on their Houses, forfeit ao 1.

Vender* to send to the Commissioners for damped Labels to parte on Packets, in such Manner at the Commission* era shall direct*

Person* felling Packet* without a stamped Wrapper, or with one of a wrong De* nomination, forfeit 51.

6o

Hair Powder not exceeding x e. per 16. in Value, and in Quantity not under 224 lb. nuy be fold without a (lamp* ed Cover, &c, by the Maker.

Persons felling such t'owder to keep an Account thereof for the inspe£lion of proper Officer*, on Penalty of mol.

Person* felling 'Ware* with the same Label a second Time, forfeit 101*

Perf'm felling or buying Label* to be used a second Time, ar buying or selling Packet* with such Labels, forfeit 10 L

Tire Ponnd* per Cent. Discount to be allowed for prompt Payment of Dude*.

Notice of the Place of vending Articles liable to Duty to be sent to the Commissionera of Stamps on Pe.

naltyof 51#

C. 49.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Time to TimediredI, and marked or stamped as by this Act is directed, or that shall have any Cover, Wrapper, or Label, pasted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp of lei's Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, under Pain that all and every such Person and Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Tor any Person or Persons, who is, are, or shall be a Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, having duly made a true Entry at any Office of Excile in Great Britain, as required by the several Statutes in that Case made and provided, to vend and fell to any Person or Persons dealing in Hair Powder, and licensed by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, anu to and for such licensed Person or Persons to buy for Sale any Hair Powder, the Price whereof shall not exceed the Rate of two Shillings for the Pound Weight, and packed in any Cates, Cherts, cases, Bags, or other Packages, each Cask, Chert, Case, Bag, or other Package whereof shall contain two hundred and twenty-four Pounds of such Hair Powder at the least, without affixing, or being required to affix, to the same, any Cover, Wrapper, br Label, marked or stamped according to the Directions of this Act j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Maker or Makers of Hair Powder, as aforesaid, who shall vend or sell the same without Stamps, under the Powers and Directions of this Act as aforesaid, shall keep one or more Book or Books, wherein he, (he, and they shall fairly enter in Writing an exact, particular, and true Account of all such Hair Powder which shall, from Time to Time, be sold by him, her, or them, without Stamps, and the Name and Names of the respective Person and Persons, to whom, or to whose Use, the same was so sold, and the particular Days and Times when the same was so fold; which Book and Books any Officer or Officers appointed by the said Commissioners, or any three of them, for that Purpose, shall and may, at all seasonable Times, in the Day-time, view and examine, and take any Copy or Copies of the same, or of such Parts thereof as he or they shall think proper, without Hindrance or Molestation, under the Pain and Penalty that every Person offending in any of the Particulars above mentioned shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIV. And, in order to prevent any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, as aforesaid, after the same shall have been used in the Sale or Disposal of any Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, subject to the said Duties, from being made use of again for the like Purpose, whereby his Majesty's Revenue might be lessened and diminished; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, fraudulently cut*. tear, or takeoff, or cause to be cut, torn, or taken off’, from any Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, subject to the said Duties hereby imposed, any Cover, Wrapper, or Label, marked or impressed with any Mark or Stamp in respect whereof or whereby any Duty or Duties by this Act imposed is or are paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, after the same shall have been fold and disposed of, or shall fraudulently paste, (tick, fatten, or affix, or cause to be pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed, to any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, any such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, so fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforesaid; or shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, or cause to be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, with such Cover, Wrapper, or Label, which shall have been so fraudulently cur, torn, or taken off as aforesaid; all and every the Person and Persons so offending, in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XV. And, the better to prevent the like Frauds, be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, wilfully and knowingly fell or buy, or give or receive any other Thing whatsoever by way of Barter, or in Exchange for, any such Cover, Wrapper, or Labe), marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp in respect whereof any Duty or Duties is or are paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in pursuance of this Act (which hath been before made use of in the Sale or Disposal of any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, liable to the said Duties), in order to be again made use of for the like Purpose; or shall wilfully and knowingly fell or buy, or give or receive any Thing whatsoever by way of Barter, or in Exchange for, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, subject to the said Duties, or any such Packet, Box, Pot, Bottle, Phial, or other Inclosure aforesaid, with Uich Cover, Wrapper, or Label, which hath been before made use of in Manner aforesaid, pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed thereto; every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directecL

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or the major Part of them, shall allow and pay to every Person who shall be supplied with Paper Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, in pursuance of this Act, after the Rate of five Pounds in the hundred Pounds upon present Payment of the said Duty or Duties upon the said Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, so to them supplied.

XVII. And whereas the parting on and affixing the Covers, Wrappers, or Labels on the several Wares c or other Article or Articles, or the Inclosures thereof, in the Manner, ard under the several Rules, Regulations, and Directions, to be made by the said Commissioners, will tend greatly to secure the said Duties by this Act imposed,’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, every Person and Persons who shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale, any such Wares, or other Article or Articles as aforesaid, liable to the Duties by this Act

7 imposed.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 61

d> before they shall respectively obtain a Licence to utter, vend, or expose to Sale, the same in pursuance of this Act, shall give or fend Notice in Writing of the usual Shop, House, or Place, Shops, Houses, or Places, where they refoc&ivdy shall utter, vend, or expose to Sale the same, or intend so to do; which Notice shall be given or lent to the Commissioners for the Time being for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Pachment, and Paper, or to their Officers next adjacent to the Place or Places respectively where such Wares or other Article or Articles are uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, or intended so to be; and the like Notice shall be given or sent, by every such Person or Persons, as often as they respectively shall change the Places where such Goods and other Articles are by them fold, or intended to be sold; which Notice shall contain the particular Shop, House, and Place, and the particular Room or Apartment of the Shop, House, or Place, wherein the same are so vended or exposed to Sale, or intended so to be, upon Pain that every Person making Default in giving Notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed; and all such Wares, and other Article and Articles aforesaid, subject to the Duties hereby imposed, which shall be kept ready for Sale, or offered to Sale, in any Shop, House, or other Place, whereof Notice shall have been given or sent as aforesaid (except such Wares, and other Article or Articles aforesaid, which are particularly enumerated and specified in a certain Schedule to this Act annexed, intituled. Schedule Second; and which shall be, and are hereby allowed to be kept for Sale, and exposed to Sale, in any such Shop, House, or other Place aforesaid, in Bulk or otherwise, without any stamped Cover, Wrapper, or Label affixed thereto, until the Time of actual Sale thereof), shall be deemed and adjudged to require a Cover, Wrapper, or Label, marked and stamped as by this Act is required, to be previously affixed thereon, in Manner to be directed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers, being thereunto authorised by the said Commissioners, to enter in the Day-time into any such Shop, House, or Place, or any Room or Apartment whereof such Notice shall have been given or sent as aforesaid, and there to search and examine whether the said several Wares, and other Article or Articles aforesaid, so kept ready for Sale, or offered to Sale, as aforesaid, in such Shop, House, or other Place aforesaid, have respectively a Cover, Wrapper, or Label duly affixed thereto, or to the Inclosures containing the same, according to the Directions of this Act; and if such Wares or other Article or Articles aforesaid (except as herein excepted) shall be exposed to Safe, or kept ready for Sale, in any such Shop, House, or other Place as aforesaid, without any Cover, Wrapper, or Label affixed thereto, or with a Cover, Wrapper, or Label of less Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, or with a Cover, Wrapper, or Label affixed thereto unduly and inefficiently, and contrary to the Directions of the Commissioners, it shall and may bd lawful to and for such Officer and Officers respectively, and he and they is and are hereby required to affix, or cause to be affixed, to the said Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid so exposed to bale, or kept ready for Sale as aforesaid respectively, or to the respective Inclosures thereof, a Cover, Wrapper, or Label marked and stamped’as aforesaid (to be supplied by the said Officer or Officers, if Occasion shall require), in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Timedire<t; and if the Owner or Owners, or Vender or Venders thereof, or the Person or Persons having the Care or Custody thereof, shall not upon Demand pay and discharge to the said Officer and Officers all such Sums of Money as shall have become due and payable by him, her, or them, in respect of the Stamps on the said Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, so supplied as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, over and above the said Duties, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the said Officers in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given to him or them by this Act, for securing the said Duties, every such Person and Persons so offending shall, for every Inch Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed-

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, shall be damaged, defaced, or spoiled in affixing the same upon such Wares, or other Articles as aforesaid, or otherwise, so as to be rendered unfit for Lie, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons licensed in pursuance of this Act, to bring such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, together with the Wares or other Articles to which the same shall have been affixed, to the Commissioners for managing the Stamp-duties, or to the Head Officer appointed by them, and on Oath (or solemn Affirmation, in case such licensed Person shall be one of the People called Quakers) thereof made by such licensed Person, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Head Officer so appointed (who are hereby authorised to administer such Oath or solemn Affirmation, and to examine into all Circumstances relating to the damaging, defacing, or spoiling the same), that such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, so defaced or spoiled, or rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, have not been used for any other Purpose, or in any other Manner whatsoever; and that none of them have been fraudulently rebought or returned after the same have been sold or disposed of; and that no Money, or other Consideration, hath been paid or given for the same, save and except the Money first paid for such Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, at the Stamp-office, or other Places appointed by the Commissioners for the Distribution thereof; then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners are hereby required and directed, after destroying such defaced Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, to deliver to such licensed Person other Covers, Wrappers, or Labels, of the same Denomination or Value, instead of the Covers, Wrappers, or Labels so damaged, defaced, or spoiled, or rendered unfit for Use as aforesaid, without demanding or taking, direct, or indirectly, for the same, any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, if any Person or Persons, so licensed as aforesaid, shall J vend

Proper Officers may search Shops, &c. and where stampt Coven are wanting, affix the same, which must be paid for, on Penalty of

Person* obstruct-log Officers in the Execution of their Duty, forfeit ao 1.

Damaged Label* may be returned-for othera without additional Expence.

Perfuju felling Articles subject to Duty, in any

62 C. 49. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Place not spect-fied by Novice, forfeit 5U

Articles fold for Exportation, not subject to Duty.

Account of Articles exported to Le lent to the Commissioner* ul Si am pi.

to be filed, and Certificates thereof to be granted to the Venders, mhich Avail be legal Evidence*

Persons convicted of Offence* »ga:nft this Act, forfeit their Licence*

What Securities ere to be given on Renewal of forfeited Licence#.

Duties to extend to all Articles included in the Schedule an-acsed.

vend or expose to Sale any Wares, or other Article or Articles subject to the Duties by this Act imposed* in any other Shop, House, or Place, than such as are respectively contained or described in such Notice so given or font to the said Commissioners, or to their Officers as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XXI. And, to encourage the Exportation of all such Wares, and other Articles aforesaid, into foreign Parts, be it further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Sale of any Wares or other Articles, by any licensed Person as aforesaid, to any Person in Great Britain for the Purposes of Exportation, where such Wares and other Articles so fold shall be, bona file and without Fraud, exported to foreign Parts; and that, in every such Case, the Person or Persons felling the same for Exportation do, within three Days after the Sale thereof, give or fend Notice, in Writing, to the said Commissioners, or some Person duly appointed by them, at the Head Office of Stamps, or at the Office of the Distributor of Stamps next adjacent to the Place where he, she, or they shall respectively relidc, of all such Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, which shall be so fold for Exportation; which Notice shall contain the Quantities and Denominations of all such Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, and the Name and Names of the Person or Persons to whom the same are so fold, and the Port and Place from which the same is to be exported; and all such Notices shall be filed by the said Commissioners, or their Officers, to whom the same are given and sent as aforesaid; and a Certificate thereof, containing the like Quantities and Denominations of the Wares or other Articles, and also the Names, Persons, and Places expressed in such Notices respectively, shall, if required, be made out under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or their Officers aforesaid, and delivered gratis*to the Person or Persons by whom such Notices respectively were given or sent; and in all Prosecutions of Offenders for felling or buying any such Wares or other Articles aforesaid, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, every such Certificate shall be legal Evidence of Notice, and of the Quantities and Denominations of the Wares and other Articles aforesaid expressed or contained therein.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, licensed in pursuance of this Act, shall be convicted or prosecuted to final Judgment by any the Ways or Means by this Act preferred of or for any Offence against this Act, whereby any pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money is incurred or forfeited, the Licence granted to the Person or Persons so convicted or prosecuted to Judgement of or for such Offence, shall thenceforth be null and void; and so from Time to Time, upon each and every successive Conviction or Judgement against such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, every new or subsequent Licence granted in pursuance of this Act -h ill, in like Manner, thenceforth be null and void; and that it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any of their Officers respectively, after such Conviction or Judgement, to grant any new Licence pursuant to this Act, to any Person or Persons so convicted or prosecuted to Judgement, unless such Person or Persons shall, at the Time when such new Licence is granted, give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one or more sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or the Officer or Officers by them appointed for that Purpose, in the following Sums respectively, and on the following Condition; that is to say, If such Person or Persons respectively shall have been so convicted or prosecuted to Judgement for a first Offence against this Act, then such Bond to be entered intoon the Renewal of any Licence vacated thereupon, shall be in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling Money of Great Britain; and if such Person or Persons shall have been so convicted or prosecuted to Judgement for a second or other subsequent Offence against this Act, then such Bond shall be in Double the penal Sum contained in the last preceding Bond, entered into by such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid; and that the Condition of such Bonds respectively shall be, that if such Person or Persons shall thenceforth well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, so far as he, she, or they shall be concerned therein, then such Bonds shall be void, otherwise to be and remain in full Force; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and any Officer or Officers by them appointed for that Purpose, are hereby authorised to take the said Bond or Bonds; and in case the Person or Persons entering into such Bond, and to whom such Licence shall have been granted, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of such Licence, or any future Licence, have acted contrary to the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, and to the Form and Effectof the said Condition, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to cause every such Bond to be prosecuted with Effect; and which Prosecution shall and may be carried on against the principal Obligor, his, her, or their Surety or Sureties, or his, her, or their Executors or Admi-mstrators respectively, as the said Commissioners shall think proper.

XXIII. And, in order to obviate any Doubts which may arise in the Construction of this Act, for want of a particular Specification, Denomination, and Enumeration of the different Wares, or other Articles aforesaid, which are charged with, or subject to the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, or to which the same shall extend; be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Duties hereby imposed on Powders, Fades, Balls, Balsams, Ointments, Oils, Waters, Washes, Tinctures, Essences, Liquors, or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, commonly called, known, or distin-ginshed, by the Name of Sweet Scents, Odours, or Perfumes, or by the Name of Cosmeticks, used, or to be used, by any Person or Persons as Sweet Scents, Odours, Perfumes, or Cosmeticks, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale, in Great Britain; and also upon Dentifrice Powders, Tinctures, and other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, for the Teeth or Gums, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain; and also upon Rolls, Cakes, Balls, or Pieces, Packets, Boxes, or other Inclosures of, or containing any Pomatum, Ointment, Hair Powder, or other Preparation or Composition for the Hair, which shall also be uttered, vended, or exposed to Sale in Great Britain j and upon JPersons uttering,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49.

tering, vending, or exposing to Sale the same; and all the Powers, Provisoes, Articles, Clauses, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by this Act, for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the Paid Rates and Duties, shall particularly extend, and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the said Rates and Duties all and every the Wares and other Article and Articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, by the respective Names therein mentioned, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be called, known, or distinguished; and also all other Powders, Pastes, Balls, lialfams. Ointments, Oils, Waters, Walhcs, Tinctures, Essences, Liquors, and other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, called Sweet Scents, Odours, Perfumes, or Cosmeticks as aforesaid; and all Dentifrice Powders, Tinctures, and other Preparation or Composition aforesaid for the Teeth or Gums; and all Rolls, Cakes, Balls, or Pieces, Packets, Pots, Boxes, or other Inclosures of, or containing any Pomatum, Ointment, Hair Powder, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid for the Hair, not therein particularly enumerated or specified, having the same or the like Properties, Qualities, Virtues, and Efficacies, and used for the same or the like Purposes with those Wares or other Articles so enumerated or specified therein, as fully and effectually as if the several Wares and other Articles aforesaid, in and by this Act above ddcribed, and the several Articles in the said Schedule named, enumerated, or specified, were particularly named, enumerated, or specified, in the Body of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, directed to be marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp provided-and used in pursuance of this Act, with a counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for railing, levying, collecting, and securing, the said new Rates and Duties hereby impoltd, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imputed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby im-

Heirs and who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons fur Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of U tiles, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and in his Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Judiciary, or Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed,

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Division or Distribution of the Penalties as aforesaid shall be, and is hcicby confined and red rioted to the prosecuting for the same within the Time herein before for that Purpose limited; and that in Default of such Prosecution within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers (lx.11 have, or be intirled to any Part or Share of such Penalties, but that the Whole thereof iffdl belong to his Majesty, his ILirs and Sucre ff as and Qiall be recoverable*in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lav. tul to and for any Justice of the Peace refilling near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to Esr and determine any Offence against this Act winch Lib; eels the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty; which laid Justice of the Peace is hereby authoris'd ami required, upon any such Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, at any Lime Within six Calendar Months after such Offence shall have been committed against this Act, to summon the Party accuied, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall *2mine into the Matter of FaH, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Oath of the IMuy, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnelibs (which Oath he is hereby impowered to administer) to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this i\dt is directed; all which Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged, shall be divided and distributed, one Moiety

thereof

Persons counterfeiting Stamps, or using them, guilty of Felony#

Former Power*

relativetoStamp Duties extended to this Act.

How Peoaltie* re to be appropriated,

and how to be recovered.

No Informer intitled to hit S i are of Penalties who docs no' prosecute in Time limited.

Justice* may determine Matter* relative to pecuniary Penahiei*

64

Appeal may be tttiie to the Quarter Scfiioni.

Witnesses ne. glebing to attend, forfeit 40

Shillings#

Form of Con* tiftioa.

Penalties may be mitigated.

No Conviction Hull be removed by Certiorari.

Duties to be paid to the R eceiver General for Stamp*, and by him paid into the Ezchiqurr. Auditor to keep a fepaute Account of the' Monies, which shall be carried to the Sinking Fund.

His Majesty* Shares of Penalties to be paid to the said Receiver, and paid by h’m into the Exchequer annually 00 Aug, 1;

C. 49. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

thereof to the Informer or Informers who shall prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety (the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being fit ft deducted, shall be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Manner herein before directed, and tea award and iilue out his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within three Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found fudicient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and fetished; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of any such Justice, then he, she, or they shall and may, upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as fhairbe awarded, -in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justice of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place wherein the Offence was committed, who are hereby impowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same j and in case the Judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall fcem meet.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or rufufe to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein before directed as toother Penalties.

XXXI. And, in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious Appeals, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convictea as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis: which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without Hating the Case, or the Fads or Evidence in any more particular Manner, (that is to say);

BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

44 ,11 in the County of A.B. of

was convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near to the Place where the Offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the Day

u of nowlaft paid did [here jtate the Offence against the yft?], contrary to the Form of the

Statute in that Case made and provided: And I do declare and adjudge. That he, the said A.B. hath

forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid; which Sum of I do hereby mitigate to the Sum of

[here state the mitigated Penalty if necessary\ to be distributed as the Law directs.

4C Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see Cause, to mitigate and leifen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed, over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than one Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges; any Thing contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein before granted, shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising,-paying, and accounting for the same being deduded) iruo the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties now charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies, paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund commonly called Tl?e Sinking Fund, and shall be applicable to the same Uses and Purposes as the said Sinking Fund is, or by Law may be applicable unto.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all such Penalties or Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, as shall be due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by virtue of this Acts shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Hands of the said Receiver General (or some other Person to be authorised by the said Commissioners for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to receive the same), who shall keep

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 65

a separate and distm& Account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the first Day of August in every Year, tioleis the same shall be a Sunday or Holiday, and then on the first Day following not being a Holiday j and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered in such Manner as shall or may be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament of this present Session; and the said Monies, fotobe paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as afore- and applied at said, shall be issued and applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Manner and to other renames# such Purposes as other Penalties or Forfeitures due or payable to his Majesty have heretofore been used to be, or directed to be paid or applied, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Actfc, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and General issue* if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass (or the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against Treble Cofli4 such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

---

SCHEDULE FIRST, to which this Act refers:

Containing the Names by which many Sweet Scents, Odours, Perfumes, and Cosmeticks, and other Wares and Articles of Merchandize now in use, subject to the Duties by this Act imposed, are known or distinguished; that is to say,

Almonds,

- Powder of

- Paste

- Soap

- Wash Balls

Amber,

- Essence of

- Soap

- Wash Balls

Balsam

- for the Hair

Bears

- Grease

Bergamotte,

- so called

- Essence of

- Pomatums

- Wash Balls

- Water

Bouquet,

- so called

- Essence of

- Powder

- Water

- Pomatums

Camphire,

- Wash Balls

Cedar,

- Essence of

Citron,

- Essence of

Civet,

- so called

- Essence of

- Powder

Cypress,

- so called

- Essence of

- Water

- Cyprian Odoriferous Powder

Cithere,

- Water

Cream,

- Cold, for the Face

- Beautifying, for ditto

- White Cream Wash Balls

- Marble Ditto

Dentifrice,

- so called

- Spence’s Ditto

- Ruspini’s Ditto

- Pearl Ditto

- Myrrh Ditto

- Vegetable Ditto

Dew,

- Olympian

- Naples

Filberts,

- Oil of

Flowers,

- Essence of

Hair Powder,

- so called

Honey,

- Water

Honeysuckles,

- Essence of

- Pomatums

Hyacinth,

- Essence of

Jessamine,

- Essence of

- Milk of

- Oil of

- Powder of

- Pomatums

- Syrup of

- Water

Jonquil,

- Essence of

- Water of

- Pomatums

Lavender,

- Distilled Water

- Ditto from the Flowers

- Essence of

- Volatile Ditto

- Powder of

- Pomatums

- Wash Balls

Lemon,

- Essence of

Lilies,

- Carnation of

- Milk of

- Powder of

- Wash Balls

Lime,

- Essence of

Marechalle,

- so called

- Powder of

- Duchesse

- French

- Pomatums

- Water

Mignionette,

- Essence of

Millefleurs,

- Essence of

- Powder of

- Pomatums

- Water

Musk,

- Essence of

- Powder of

Myrrh,

- Essence of

Myrtle,

- Essence of

Oeillett,

- so called

- Essence of

66 C. 49. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Oeillet,

- Pomatums

- Powder

Orange,

- Essence of

- Powder of

- Butter

- Pomatum

Orange Flower,

- Essence of

- Powder of

- Pomatum

Paints,

- Rouge

- Blanche

- Vegetable Rouge

- Serviette Rouge

Peach Kernels,

- Powder of

- Royal Tincture of

Peach Blossoms,

- Powder of

Pearl,

- Essence of

- Powder of

- Powder of Pearl of India.

- Water

Paste,

- Chinese

- Spermaceti

Pomatums,

- Duchesse

- French

- Flora

- Italian

- Common, hard and soft

- Scented

- Pomade de Nerole

- Pomade de Grasse

- Royal Pomatum for the Face

- Sweet Storax Pomatum

Powders

- A la Reine

- Aromatic

- Artois

- Bloom

- Devonshire

- Black

- Brown

- Grey

- Orris

- Orleans

- Pink

- Red

- Yellow

- Scented

- for the Face

- Chinese Face Powder

- Royal Powder

- Sangwine’s Powder for the Teeth

- Shaving Powder

Pulville,

- so called

Rhodium,

- so called

- Essence of

Roses,

- Essence of

- Cream of

- Vegetable Cream of

- Milk of

- Odour of

- Liquid Bloom of

- Powder of

- Pomatums

Savon

-Royal

Savonette

- de Grasse

Soap,

- Alicant

- Bath

- Cake

- Improved

- Jerusalem

- Joppa

- Italian

- Naples

- Perfumed

- Venice

Sweet Briar,

- Essence of

- Powder of

Tinctures,

- for the Teeth

- Greenough’s ditto

- Ruspini’s ditto

Thyme,

- Essence of

Tuberose,

- Essence of

- Pomatum

- Water

Violet,

- Essence of

- Powder of

- Fargeon’s Powder of

- Pomatums

- Water

Wash Balls,

- Circassian

- Chemical

- Italian

- Marble

- Queen’s Marble

- Royal Cyprian

Washes,

- Venetian Bloom.

- Turkish

Waters,

- Perfumed

- Carmes

- Cologne

- Italian Hair Water

- Miss in her Teens

- Suave

- Sans Pareille

- Vento’s Italian Water

Wool,

- China

- India

- Spanish.

SCHEDULE SECOND, to which this Act refers:

Containing the Names of certain Wares and other Articles liable to the Duties by this imposed, and which are allowed to be kept for Sale in Bulk, or otherwise, without any stamped Cover, Wrapper, or Label affixed thereto, until the Time of actual Sale thereof, if such Cover, Wrapper, or Label shall, at the Time of such Sale, be bona fide and without Fraud affixed thereto in pursuance of this Act.

Almond Paste

Almond Powder

Bears Grease

Cold Cream

Italian Square Hard Soap

Naples Soft Soap

Perfumed and coloured Hair Powder, above the Price of two Shillings per Pound Weight

Rouge in Pots

Wash Balls of all Sorts.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. 67

CAP. L.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage, by new and additional Premiums, the Fishery carried on

---

by his Majesty's European Subjects in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, for the Purpose of taking Whales and other Creatures found in those Seas: And whereas it is of Importance that immediate Effect should be given to such new and additional Premiums; for which Reason it is necesliry to repeal the Laws by which the present Premiums are granted ;’ be it thue-fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Leris Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Thar, from and after the fifteenth Day of June> one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, so much of an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encourage- p3Tt of qcu went of the Fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the Rritiih Dominions in Europe; and for 3. c. 31. j fcuring the Return of the Fishermen, Sailors, and others employed in the said Fisherits, to the Ports thereof at the End of the Fifing Serf on, as relates to the Whale Fishery carried on to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's St?eights: And also so much of another Act passed in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on and 16 Cta from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, and for regulating the Fees to be c. 47. itpeaUd. taken by the Officers of the Cif loats in the Island of Newfoundland, as relates to the said Whale Fishery, shall be, and are hereby repealed, except lb far as regards Ships or Vessels, which may have been fitted and cleared out for the Purpose of carrying on such Fishery before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, under the Encouragements given by the said Acts.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Premiums hereafter mentioned Premiums enmh.

shall be paid and allowed for ten Years to twenty Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the td for un Y^i* Limitations and Restrictions herein after expressed; that is to say, Every such Ship or Vessel shall appear to twentyi>hips by her Register to be British-built, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port of Great Britain or lhc

Ireland or the Islands of jersey, Guernsey, or Man, and shall be wholly owned by his Majesty's Subjects /ro^ Ore^Bru usually residing in any of the Dominions aforesaid, and navigated as herein after directed. tain orireUnd.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for fifteen of such Ships or Vessels pArtjcu|ari of which shall be so fitted and cleared out after the firtt: Day of May, and before the firtt: Day of September, in i^cmiums* for the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and between the firtt: Day of May and the firceen ships first first Day of September in each succeeding Year and shall have failed to the Southward of the seventh De- fitted out, fee, gree of North Latitude, and shall there have bona fide carried on the said Fishery, and shall return before

the first Day of July, in the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some Port of Great Britain\ there shall be paid and allowed five hundred Pounds to each of the three such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and first arrive, within the Times herein before mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in each of such Ships or Vessels, and being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seasi taken and killed by the Crews of every such Ship or Vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed four hundred Pounds to each of the three such Ships or Vessels, which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed three hundred Pounds to each of the three such Ships or Vessels, which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty*

Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed two hundred Pounds to each of the three such Ships or Vessels, which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one huddred Pounds to each of the three such Ships or Vessels which shall in like Manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter taken together, being not lei's in the Whole than twenty Tons in every such Ship or Vessel, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for five other of such Ships or Vessels, Pirtk^m of which shall be fitted and cleared out, and shall fail within the Times herein before mentioned, and proceed Premiums for to the Southward of the thirty-sixth Degree of South Latitude, and shall there bona fide carry on the said Jh^vc?hlp# fishery, and shall return in not less than eighteen Months, and not more than twemy-eight Months, from U€ 0ttU the first Day of May, in the Year in which they clear out, to some Port in Great Britain, there shall be

paid and allowed seven hundred Pounds to the first of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and first arrive, within the Times herein before last mentioned, with the greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales,

Or other Creatures living in the Seas, and taken and killed determined by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel; and there shall be paid and allowed six hundred Pounds to the second of such Ships or Vessels which shall so tail and

68 C. 50. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

The Matter and three Fourth* of the C ew must be British Subject\s or foreign Piotcftaoti intending to establish themleiret Ia Great Britain,

No Premium shall be paid, un-Id* there i* on board an Apprentice for three Years, for very 50 Toni Burthen;

Nor unlett a Log

Burk ihi!l have beta regularly kept, which shall be dcii*et,-ed to the Collector of the Cu.loms vended on Oath.

The Log Book to be produced to the Captain of any Shi a of War that may He met at Sea, wno shall make therein a Me.i orandu n of the r^r >d di:n; and also to the Cuniul

first arrive, within the Times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, and being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed rive hundred Pounds to the third of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and first arrive, within the 'rimes herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, and being not less in the \Vrhole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or oilier Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed four hundred /Pounds to the fourth of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and first arrive, within the Times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, and being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed three hundred Pounds to the fifth of such Ships or Vessels which shall so fail and first arrive, within the Times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, and being not less in the Whole than twenty Tons, and being the Produce of any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, so taken as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Ship or Vessel shall be navigated by Persons, of whom the Master and at least three Fourths of the Mariners are his Majesty's Subjects usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, or Man; or if such Ship or Vessel shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain, then that such Ship or Vessel may be navigated by Persons being Protestants, and who, not being Subjects of his Majesty, have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said Fishery, and who shall, at the Time of clearing out of every Ship or Vessel on board of which they shall serve respectively, make Oath, or, being a Quaker, shall make Affirmation, before two or more of the principal Officers of the Customs, of which the Collector is to be one, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall so clear out (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby authorised and required to administer), if it is their first \oyzgc from any Port of Great Britain, that they have already established, or that it is their Intention to establish themselves and their Families in Great Britain, as Inhabitants thereof, and Subject of his Majesty; and if it shall be their second, or any subsequent Voyage, that they actually have established themselves and their Families in Great Britain as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium granted by this Adf shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, for or on account of any Ship or Vessel employed in the aforesaid Fishery, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have on board an Apprentice indentured for the Space of three Years, at the least, for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel by Admeasurement, every such Apprentice not exceeding the Age of eighteen Years, nor being under fourteen Years, at the Time he shall be so indentured, and having proceeded on and continued the Whole of the Voyage both out and home for which any such Premium shall be claimed, unless such Apprentice died or deserted in the Coucfc of the Voyage; which Facls shall and ar£ hereby required to be verified by the Oath of the Master, the Mate, and two of the Mariners belonging to such Ship or Vessel, taken before two or more of the principal Officers of the Customs, at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall return from the said Fishery (of which the Collector is to be one), which Oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer; and in Confirmation also thereof, the proper Officers of the Customs belonging to the Port to which such Ships or VeiTc's shall reflectively Yeturn, shall, immediately after their Return from such Voyage respectively, visit every such Ship or Vessel, and muster the Crew, and having satisfied themselves therein, shall certify the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and 5c<j//^Wrespectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, on account of any Ship or Vessel employed in said Fishery, unless a Log Book shall have been regularly kept on board such Ship or Vessel, in which Log Book the various Situations and Occurrences, respecting such Ship or Vessel, during the whole Com fie of the Voyage, shall be inserted every Day, and particularly the Times when such Ship or Vessel shall have been in Sight of Land, distinguishing what Land, and the Bearings thereof, and the supposed Di fiances therefrom, and the Soundings; and ailo the Time when and the Latitude in which any Whale, or other Creature liv ing in the Sea, shall have been killed, taken, or caught by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel; which Log Book so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of his making a Report of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector of the Customs at any Port in Great Britain, where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, on her Return from the said Fishery, for his Inspection and Examination; and the said Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Mate thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on Oath the Contents of such Log Book before such Collector* who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Ship or Vessel shall, in the Course of her Voyage, meet or fill in with any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of her, shall and is hereby required to produce to toe Captain, or other Officer commanding such Ship or Vessel of War, the said Log Book, so to be keptes aforesaid; an I such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, and is hereby required to make a Memorandum in such Log Book of the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall subscribe his Name to such Memorandum, and shall also make an Entry in the Log Book of the said Ship or Vessel of War, of the Name and Description of the Ship or Vessel on board of which the Log Book of such Ship or Vessel, io produced to, and signed by him was kept; and in case such Ship or Vessel, on board of which a Log

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. 69

Book is required to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign Port* where there is or shall be a Bnitjh Consul, or other Chief British Officer, the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall and is hereby required to produce such Log Book to such British Con-fu!, or other Chief British Officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a Memorandum therein of the Day on which it was so produced to him, and shall, in like Manner, subscribe the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter, Mate, and two of the Mariners belonging to every such Ship or Vessel, shall and are hereby required, upon the Importation into Great Britain of any Oil or Head Matter as being taken on the Fishery aforesaid, to declare upon Oath, before two or more of the principal Officers of the Customs at the Ports of their Arrival respectively, of which the Collector shall be one (which Oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer), from what* Port, and the Time when, such Ship or Vessel cleared out, and that all such Oil or Head Matter, so imparted, is the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, aerially i\Ahonafule taken and killed by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel only, at the Times, and in the Latitudes respectively mentioned and fetdown in the Log Book so to be kept as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel whatever, fitted out as aforesaid, for the Purpose of obtaining some one or other of the Premiums granted by this Act, shall knowingly receive or permit, orfuffer to be received on board such Ship or Vessel, for the Purpose of obtaining any one of the said Premiums, ,any Oil, Head Matter, or any other Produce whatever of any Whale or Whales, or other Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, which Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, shall not have been really and bona fide caught and taken by the Crew of such Ship or Vessd only, such Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; one Moiety of which Sum shall, on Recovery thereof, be paid to the Person or Persons di (covering the same, provided such Person or Persons shall give Information of the Offence within one Month after such Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall have reported his Ship or Vessel at the Custom-house at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall return‘from the said Fishery; which Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required to make such Report in the usual Tune, and in the Manner in which all trading Ships or Velfds are reported before the proper Officers of the Customs; and the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall, and is and are hereby authorised and required, in case at the Time such Information shall be given, any Sum or Sums of Money shall be due Irom him or them to such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, to keep and detain such Sum or Sums of Money, and to pay the lame (towards discharging the said Penalty) to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at such Port to which such Ship or Veiled shall so return from such Fishery; and if such Owner or Owners shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to, or fta/iother'wife account for, such Sum or Sums of Money with any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, before the Expiration of one Month after the Report lhaJlhave been so made at the Customhouse as aforesaid, and such Matter or other Person shall be liable to the Penalty aforesaid, such Owner or Owners shall make good such Sum or Sums of Money so paid, or otherwise accounted for, and Hull nay the same towards discharging the aforesaid Penalty into the Hands of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs, in Manner before directed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Whale or Whales, or other Creatures living in the Sea, shall be caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean, to the Northward of the seventh Degree of North Latitude, by the Crew of any of the fifteen Ships or Vessels, to which Premiums are given in Manner before mentioned, or to the Northward of the thirty-sixth Degree of South Latitude, by the Crew of any of the five Ships or Vessels, to which other Premiums are also given, in Manner before mentioned, either on the Voyage out or Return Home of any such Ship or Veiled, the Oil or Head Matter produced from such Whale or Whales, or other Creatures so caught or taken, shall be accounted, and considered and taken to be Part of the Quantity of Oil and Head Matter required to be taken and imported as aforesaid, to intitle the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel to some one of the Premiums herein before granted; provided it shall appear by the Log Book of such Ship or Vessel so kept as aforesaid, that such Ship or Vessel hath actually failed beyond, and been bona fide employed in the fishery, either to the Souffiward of the seventh Degree of North Latitude, or to the Southward of thirty-six Degrees of South Latitude, as the Case may be.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Ship or Vessel shall have boon fitted out for the aforesaid Fishery, under the Rules and Restrictions contained in the before recited Acts made and passed in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, and shall have let fail upon a Voyage for such Fishery, alter the tiril Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and before the said lull Day of A say one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and shall in a.’i Rdpccls conform to the several and respective Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions in and by the fi d recited Acts directed and required, the Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel shall be aliened and intitled to such one or other of the aforesaid Premiums, granted by this Act to the lit teen Ships or VcHViS hereinbefore mentioned, as such Owner or Owners would be intitled to if such Ship or Vessel had been tilted out, nnJ had failed after the said tir ft Day of A say, and before the said first Day of Sep-ttnbvr one thousand seven hundred an 1 eighty-six, in Conformity to the Regulations of this Act; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be accounted as one in the Number of the Ships or Vessels to which the fifteen Premiums herein before mentioned are granted.

at any foreign Port for the like Purpose.

Oath to be made

that the Cargo is the Produce of Creature* killed by the Ship's Crew.

Persons taking Part of the Cargo of o:her Vessels for the Purpose of obtaining a Premium, forfeit cool, one Moiety to the Informer, it Information be given in a Month a tier Rep rl at the Custom-house.

When Information has hem given. Owners to pay any Sum* due to Matters to the Collectori of the Customs; and if p^i.l o'hcr-wife shall be accountable for the lame.

Produce of Whales caught in particular Latitudes on the Voyage to be deemed P.»rf of the Quantity imithng to a Premium*

Ships fitted out under the recited Acts or 15 and 16 Geo. 3. which failed between J.in, i, 2n-l May I, jj36, intitled to Premiums.

70

Cc m'Tpffione-i

of the I ulo.nl n»ay crd- ! *y-iiici.uif ihe f rs-niimm.

Shifs perrrW»H

to Iji I to t e la-I of Good Hojje,

Rtflrifpyn* in Ucir Ccuifs.

"Sh’p* f-i in? to l]»r EiH of Good Hope, Zc. to take L:.<ence ftnm the 1 i.oia Company.

‘C n3t tonn wh »th Tich Li-c?«cm are fu be £ *t* (d.

SIvps fanin^ out of their limits, or having im-prcpci Mrjchzn-d ic on b.iaV, liable to i l« l*c-*i ltus of tr.d-i» ?. to the lhft lsv i*i without Xicer.ee.

Certificites to be delivered to the Secretary of the F.aft India Com-p.ny, that no I'rodij<e of the E It Ir d es has fcten imported, to intii)e to a Premium*

C. 50. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case all and every the fevera® Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, prescribed and directed by this Act, Aiail have been observed and fully complied with, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any iour or more of them, 21.d the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, to older the Receiver General of h<s Mrjifty’s Cutloms in England and Scotland receptively, to pay out of any Money in his Hands, anting by any Duties under their Management, to such Rerloii or Pc rluiis as Anil te legally inti tied thereto, any of the Premiums herein before granted.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That *it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel, employed in carrying cn the said Southern Whale Fnhery, to fail and pass for that to the Eastward of the Crpe of Good Hope, and to the Well ward of Cape Horn, or through the Streighis of Mo^than; any Law, Ullage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Ship or Vessel failing to the Eastward of the Cope of Good Hope, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall not fail or pass to the Northward of thirty Degiecs of South Latitude, nor make more than fifteen Degrees of Halt Longitude from the said Cape of Good Hope; tnd that any Ship or Vessel so fnling or passing to the West ward of Cape Hon:or through the St r eight of A1 igduv:, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall not p3ls to the Northward of the Equinoctial Line, nor make more than fifty Degues of West Longitude from Cape Horn.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel employed in the fail Fishery, and intending to fail or pass to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the West ward of Cepe Horn, or through the Streights of Magellan:, shal), before (he shall proceed on her Voyage, be oblged to take a Licence for each respective Voyage from the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the Time being, in the Name and under the Seal of the said Company, specilying which of the said Voyages such Ship shall be lioenfed to perform, and such Licence Audi be valid and effectual only for the Voyage therein expressed; and the said Court of Directors shall not be required to grant any Licence to pass to the Eastward of the Cape of GoodHot>e% to more than ten Shi or Vessels in any one Year or Season, nor to grant any Licence to any Ship or Vessel to fail or pass to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, unless the Person or Persons applying for, or demanding such Licence, An il deliver to the said Court of Directors a Manifest or Certificate under the Hand of the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs belonging to the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel is intended to clear out and fail, verified by the Oath of the Owner or Owners, or the Master of such Ship or Vessel, taken bdoie and attclled by any Magistrate, or other Person authorised by Law to take Affidavits, specifying the Names and Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners, and Master of the said Ship, and also the Species, Quantity, Quality, and Value of all Goods then on board of such Ship or Vessel, and of all Goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of the same, before her Departure outwards; and also unless it shall, by such Manifest or Certificate, appear unto the said Court of Directors, that no Goods or Merchandizes whatever (save and except the Stores of such Ship or Vessel, and the Tackle, Materials, and other Things necessary for the Purpose of the Voyage) are taken, or intended to be taken into or on board of such Ship or Vessel.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel to be employed in the said Southern Whale Fishery, to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or the West ward of Cape Horn, shall proceed to go beyond the Limits herein before specified or expressed, unless driven or forced beyond the same by Stress of Weather, or other inevitable Accident, or being so driven or forced, shall not return back within the Limits herein before prescribed, with as much convenient Speed as the Safety of the Ship or other Circumstances will admit; or if any Ship or Vessel shall depart from any Port or Place without having first obtained such Licence as aforesaid, and shall go or be found beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or beyond the Streights of Magellan, or in any other Place within the Limits of the said Company’s exclusive Trade; or if any Ship or VessLl, being so licensed to proceed to the Fishery beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall have on board, or shall take on board before her Return, any Manufactures, Goods, or Merchandize, other than and except such as Hull have been specified and described in and by such Manifest or Certificate, and other than and except the Oil, Head Matter, or Bone of Whales, or oilier Eilh or Creatures caught or taken in carrying on the said Fishery, every such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods, Merchandizes, and Effects on hoard the same, and the Owner and Owners, Master and Crew thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be subject to the several Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by any Act or Acts made or imposed upon any Person or Persons, or their Ships, Vessels, Goods, Merchandizes, and Fftcdls, who Anil repair, fail, adventure, or go to, or tra trick, trade, or be found in the East Indies, or other Place or Places within the Limits of tlu said United Company’s exclusive Trade, without Licence having been first obtained from the said Company; and the Offenders shall and may be sued and prosecuted, and the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred shall and may be recovered in any Court of Justice in Great Britain, or in the East Indies, wherein Suits may be instituted and brought for Offences committed against the said Act, or any of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within thirty Days next after the Return of any Ship or Vessel from a Fishing Voyage to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Secretary of the said United Company, for the Use of the said Court of Directors, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs belonging to the Port or Place where the said Ship or Vessel shall arrive, verified by the Oath of the said Master, taken before and attested by any Magistrate or other Person authorised by Law to take Affidavits, that no Goods or Merchandizes whatever of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of «ny Place or Places in the East Indies, Chinct, or elsewhere between the Cape of Good

7*

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50.

Hope and the Streights of Magellan, except Oil, Head Matter, or Bone of Whales or other Fish, have been taken on board such Ship or Vessel during the said Voyage; but in case any such Goods and Merchandizes shall have been taken on board the said Ship or Vessel during the said Voyage, then the said Certificate shall specify the Species, Quantity, Quality, and Value of all such Goods and Merchandizes, and the Caule or Reason of taking the lame on board; and the Owner or Owners or* such Ship or Vessel shall not be intitled to any Bounty under the Authority of this Act, until such Certificate as aforesaid shall have been delivered to the said Secretary, and such Delivery shall have been proved by a Production of his Receipt for the same.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel intending to navigate within, or frequent any Part of the Seas comprized in the Boundaries of the exclusive Trade of the South Sea Company, as described in and by an Act of the ninth of her late Majesty Anne, shall, before (he shall proceed an every such Voyage, be obliged to take a Licence for such Voyage from the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Baits ef America, and for encouraging the Fishery; and every Vessel navigating such Seas, without such Licence, shall be liable to such Forfeitures and Penalties as are created and enacted by the said Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel whatever shall be intided, within or during the Periods of Time respectively limited by this Act for such Ship or Vessel to fail on and to return from such Voyage, to more than one of the Premiums hereby granted, although such Ship or Vessel shall make two Voyages within any one of the Periods aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Return of every Ship or Vessel from the Fisheries aforesaid, in which Ship or Vessel any Oil or Head Matter shall be imported, and on account of which Importation any of the Premiums herein before granted Hull be claimed or demanded, in cale there shall be any Reason to suspect that such Oil or Head Matter is mixed with Water, or any other Material or Materials, in order to increase the Quantity thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector, or other principal Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall so return, to nominate and appoint, and such Collector, or other principal Officer or Officers, is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint one or more (as the Caie may require] skilful Person or Persons to examine such Oil or Head Matter, for the Purpose of ascertaining whether such Oil or Head Matter has been mixed with any Water, or any other Material or Materials whatever (other than Oil or Head Ad at ter so taken as aforesaid], whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased; and if it shall appear, upon such Examination, that there has been mixed with such Oil or Head Matter any Water, or any other Material whatever, whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter is increased, the Owner or Owners shall not be intitled to any of the Premiums granted by this Act; and over and above the Lo.s of the Premium, such Oil or Head Matter, so mixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and loll, and shall and maybe seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and if any Dispute shall arise whether there hath been mixed with such Oil or Head Matter any Water, or any other Material or Materials whatever, not being Oil or Head Matter so taken as aforesaid, whereby the Quantity of such Oil or Head Matter* is increased, then, and in such Case, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Od or Head Alatter, or on the Person or Persons claiming the Premium on account of the Importation of such Oil or Head Matter, and not on the Officer who shall seize or prosecute the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any of the Premiums granted by this Act shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, the exact Quantity of Oil and Head Matter taken together, imported in such Ship or Vessel, shall be truly ascertained by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and such Quantity shall be certified by them to the Commissioners of the-Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Oil, Head Matter, or other Produce of Fish or Creatures living in the Se< s, caught and taken in the Manner and under the Regulations and Restrictions required by this Act, as also ail Fins of Whales and Skins of Seals, so caught and taken, and that all Oil, Head Matter, or other Produce of Whales, or other Creatures living in the Seas, Fins of Whales, and Skins of Seals, taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the 1 (Lands of Guernsey, fit fey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's Subjects, usually residing therein respectively, and navigated in Manner aforesaid, shall, upon Importation into Great Britain, be admitted to Entry, and landed without Payment of any Custom or Duty whatever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who, not being Subjects of his Majesty, have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said Fishery, and wno shall have established themselves and their Families in Great Britain, for the Purpose of carrying on the said Fishery in Manner before mentioned, and who shall so have carried on the said Fishery, and imported the Produce thereof into Great Britain, for and during the Space of five Years successively; all which Fadis shall be ascertained by a Certificate or Certificates from the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; shall, upon taking the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at IVtJlmvyUr or Edinburgh, or at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace where he or they reiide, be considered, deemed, and taken to be his Majesty's natural-born Subject or Subjects, and be intitled to all the Privileges and Advantages of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects; which Oath so taken as aforesaid shall be enrolled by the Court wherein the same shall be taken, and the Record of such Enrolment, or a Copy thereof, properly authenticated, th ill be admitted and u>;en in ail Cates as Evidence of the Fact, on the Part of such Person or Persons as aforesaid.

5 Hrpf fai line within the Li-mio of the Si uih Sea Compam, muff have Li crncc from the Company,

No Ship iohtlfd to nrcre thanenc I’rem um the same Sea fen.

If Water be rrited wih the

O I, it. im-pouc^, it shall he f.irtrifd, as Villas' LeC-aini lo i’leimuoi.

Tn case of Dispute, the Owner to prove the Purity of the Oil.

Quantify imported to be af-certiineo by an Officer of the Cuiloms, £c. beforri’remium* are paid.

Oil, &c. tray be imported in Pri* tifli ships, Duiy-fiec.

Foreigners settled in Great Britain, who shall hrve carried on 1 he F'ifli-ery five Years, naturalized on tak;r»£ the Oath ot Allegiance.

72

No Harpnrnsr to be imp relied.

Ship* belonging

to foreign Pro-tefi‘r.t*, who nuy come to re-, fiJe :n Great Iir:ta;n, &c. before June 25, 17 & 7, to be ii-ctnfed, but nut intit led 10 Premiums*

In case of the Lea h of a Fore^ nr r, whnfe Farily ha»! been fefidtrnt 5 Yfarj, nd his Ship cm-ployed the like Term in the Fishery,

L et n< e to be £tanted her as a iiriulh £»hip,&c.

Owner of such Ship to take the Oath of Allegiance*

PerfoRS granting or using lalfe Certificates, forlcit 5001.

How PrnsltTes aie to be appropriated*

C. 50. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harpooner, Line Manager, or Boat Stcerer, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, fitted out on the aforesaid Fishery, shall be impressed from the said Service, bat shall be, and 4s hereby privileged and exempt from being impressed, so long as he shall belong to, and be employed on board any Ship or Vessel whatever in the Fishery aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, being Protestants, and not being Subjects of his Majesty, who have been heretofore employed in carrying on the Whale Fishery, and being the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, and intending to reside, together with their Families, in this Kingdom, for the Purpose of continuing to carry on such Fishery from thence, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, come into this Kingdom, together with his or their Family or Families, and shall bring any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, built before the hilt Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-lix, to Great Britain, the Number of such Ships or Vessels not exceeding forty in the Whole, manned with any Number of Seamen or Fishermen, not lets than twelve, having been heretofore employed in carrying on the said Fishery in every such Ship or Veiled, and it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commi limners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, by the Oaths (or Affirmations if Quakers) of such Owners respective-ly (which Oaths or Affirmations the said Commissioners are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to admirilter), and by other Means, that he or they, together with his or their Family or Families (if any they shall have), are then actually resident in Great Britain, and that twelve such Seamen or Fishermen at the lead are brought into Great Britain in every such Ship or Vessel, and the same shall be certified, by the said Commissioners in England and Scotland respectively, to his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, if he mall fee just Cause so to do, to grant to the Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, not exceeding in the Whole forty in Number, a Licence or Licences to fit out any such Ship or Vessel for the sole Purpose of carrying on the said Whale Fishery from Great Britain, and to employ such Ship or Vessel in carrying on the same; and every such Ship or Vessel shall, from and after the granting of such Licence as aforesaid, during the Continuance of such Licence, enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages which now by Law belong, or may at any Time hereafter belong, to any British Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery (except the Premiums herein before granted); and shall be allowed to import Oil, and all other Produce of the Whale Fishery, subject to the Regulations and Provisions herein before contained, and free from all Duties or Impolis; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Ship or Vessel, folicenfal as aforesaid, shall have been employed by such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, in carrying on the Whale Fishery from Great Britain, or shall be continued in carrying on such Fishery, in case of his or their De-ccafe, during hve successive Seasons, and it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Cutioms in England and Scotland respectively, by a Certificate or Certificates, under the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens of the respective Parishes in which the Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel shall have resided, and by other proper Means, that he or they, or his or their Family or Families, have been resident in such Parishes respectively for the Space of five Years successively, and the same shall be certified by the said Commissioners respectively to his Majesty; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to authorise such Owner or Owners to register every such Ship or Vessel as shall have been so brought into this Kingdom, and employed as aforesaid in the Whale Fishery from thence for five successive Seasons, by virtue of such Licence as aforesaid, in like Manner as if the same were a British Ship, owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law; and every such Owner or Owners shall also, from thenceforth, in respect of every such Ship or Vessel, be intitled to all such Bounties as are herein before granted to British Ships and Vessels employed in carrying on the said Fishery; and they, and each of them, shall have and enjoy the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages of naturahborn Subjects of Great Britain, in like Manner, and subject to the like Inabilities, as the same may be granted to Aliens by special Acts of Parliament.

XXVIII. Provided always, That all and every Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel, before he or they shall be admitted to register any such Ship or Vessel, shall take and subscribe the Oath of Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Edinburgh, or at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in the Place where he or they reside; which Oath shall be inrolled by the Court wherein the same shall be taken and subscribed, on Payment of the like Sum or Sums to the Officer or Officers of such Court for entering the same, as are or shall be payable by Law on the Entry of such Oaths in the Courts aforesaid, in any Case where the same is by Law required.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall knowingly give or grant any falle Certificate or Certificates, for any of the Purposes required or dire died by this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Office whatever: And if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any Certificate or Certificates required by this AcSt, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any Falle Certificate or Certificates, or of any Certificate or Certificates so counterfeited, eraied, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds: and every such Certificate or Certificates shall be invalid, and of no Fired.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act (except in such Cases where ether Directions ^re given by this Act), shall be

73

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51.

to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall fuc or prosecute for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at TVcjlmi*ifler% or in the Court of Exchequer in «SV0//d/?'/respectively, where the Offence shall be committed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if any Action or Suit shall be commenced a gain ft any Person or Persons whatever, for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear lo to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants hath or have appeared, or if Judgment shall he given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff', the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. LI.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch, and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties.

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the many Laws made for securing the Duties on Starch, and for protecting the fair Trader, many gross Frauds are still frequently practised by various Persons, to

the great Loss of the Revenue, and the Injury of the fair Trader. For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, before any Starch shall be Dut into the Stove or any other Place to dry (except for crufting), all such Starch shall be put or wrapped in Papers, and shall be tied in Manner herein after directed; and that when any Starch-maker shall be desirous of papering Starch for drying, he, she, or they, shall give to the Officer for the Duties on Starch, of the Division or District where his, her, or their Starch-house is situated, twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if such Starch-house shall be situated within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or if such Starch-house shall be situated in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, of the particular Time and Hour when he, she, or they, intend to begin to paper his, her, or their Starch for drying, and shall in such Notice express the Number of Pieces intended to be papered, and into what particular Stove or other Drying-place such Pieces are intended to be put to dry; and in case such Starch-maker shall not begin to paper his, her, or their Starch at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour next after, then every such Notice shall be void, and such Starch-maker shall be obliged to give a fresh and like Notice in Writing before he, she, or they shall begin to paper his, her, or their Starch; and when any such Maker or Makers of Starch shall begin to paper such Starch, he, she, or they shall proceed and continue to paper the same until all the Pieces of Starch mentioned in such Notice shall be papered.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Starch shall cause every Piece of Starch, when papered, to be tied with Strings crossing each other on that Side of the Piece where the Ends of the Paper shall be folded, and shall cause to be strongly affixed or passed, with warm Passe made wirh Glue, on every Piece of Starch so papered and tied, a Label, or Piece of thin Papery three Inches long, and three Inches broad at the least, of a different Colour from the Paper in which the Starch shall be wrapped; that is to say, if the Starch shall be wrapped in blue or brown Paper, the said Label or Piece of thin Paper shall be white; and if the Starch shall be wrapped in white Paper, such Label or Piece of thin Paper shall be blue; and such Label or Piece of thin Paper shall be affixed on that Side of the Piece of Starch where the Ends of the Paper shall be folded, and in such Manner as to prevent the opening of the said Paper ef Starch without tearing the said Label or Piece of thin Paper; and the Officer of the Duties on Starch for the Division or District where such Starch-house shall be situated, shall attend and fee such Starch papered ind tied in Manner aforesaid, and such Label or Piece of thin Paper affixed on every Piece of such Sttuch, and shall take an Account of every Piece of such Starch; and such Officer shall cause every Piece of Starch (o papered as aforesaid, to be stamped or sealed upon such Label or Piece of thiq Paper aforesaid, with such Stamp or Seal as shall be provided by the Commissioners for the Duties on Starch in England and Scotland respectively for that Purpose, before any such Piece of Starch shall be put into the Stove to dry; and if any Starch-maker shall begin to paper his, her, or their Starch without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or having given such Notice, and begun to paper his, her, or their Starch as aforesaid, shall not proceed and continue 10 paper such Starch in Manner aforesaid, or shall not cause the same to be tied in Manner aforesaid, and such Labels or Pieces of thin Paper to be affixed thereon as aforesaid, every Starch-maker so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of Jkne one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, ifany Piece or Pieces of Starch papered, not being stamped in Manner aforesaid, or any Piece or Pieces of Starch not papered, or loose Starch, or Scrapings of Starch, shall be found in any Stove or other Placefor drying belonging to any Starch-maker (whether such Place shall bean entered Place or not'aft entered Place), all such Starch paired and not stamped, or not papered, or loose Starch, or Scrapings of Starch, shall be forfeited, and the Starch-maker, in whole Possession such undamped Starch, loose Starch, or Scrapings, shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds: Provided,

266*0. III. L That

Ceneral I (Toe*

Treble Code,

[Preamble.]

From June 24, 1786, Notice shall be given of the Intention to paper Starch for drying, and of the Quantity.

Starch still be begun to be papered wi'h n an Hour after the Time expressed in the Notice.

Every Paper of Starch shall have a Label therein, flan-ped by the Officer, on Penalty of ico U

Every Pat cel, &c. of Srarch found unstampf, to be f«»rfr ite 1, »nH the O* vet fined 20c 1

74

C. 51.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

ConvrPftioner* for S arch Du-tiei ro distriHote proper Stamps,

t- o: fiiiel with- u- d it g Dmtv^c to the Surch.

After Notice g»-iten, ie c e jle to Act a^Oco 3. C. 74 fv«r> Pa pt-r I Starch for Eton tati ;n to h- vf a p oper Laid put thereon by the Officer,

Persons forging ny Stamp to forfeit 1001.

No Starch to be exported without ft peileft Label*

Act not to extend to Fxport-»tion of Sta'ch made into Hair Powder.

Starch damped f,»r Exportation forte’ted, if found any where but where packed up>or removing fr *m thence to be shipj ed. Regulations with regard to the Scrapin^i of Starch, left after paperii g.

4 Geo. ft. c. 14.

19 Geo. 3. C. 40.

That nothing herein contained shall extend to Pieces of Starch put into the Stove forcrufting only before the same shall be scraped.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the Duties on Starch in England and Scotland respectively, shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, provide proper Stamps or Seals for stamping or sealing the Papers, containing, ali Pieces of Starch which shall be made and papered in England and Scotland respectively, and by this Act directed to be stamped or feaied, and shall cause such Stamps or Seals to be distributed to the respective Officers for the Purpose before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required in uling the (acne, to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Damage that may be, to the Starch or Paper containing the same to be so stamped or feaied, which Stamps or Seals shall and may, from Time to Time, be varied or altered as-often as the said refuective Commissioners shall think he to aiter the same.

V. And, for the better preventing or discovering any Frauds that may be attempted by shipping Starch for Exportation, in order to obtain a Drawback of the Duties thereupon, and afterwards relanding the same to be confi ned in Great Britai be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Starch-maker, or Dealer in Starch, who shall have paid all his Majesty's Duties upon any Quantity of Sr.irch, or (bell have bought, or shall be lawfully imitled to any Quantity of Starcii from the Person or Persons wi 10 actually paii the said Duties thereupon, inall intend to export any such Starch, and shall have given such Notice of packing up the same, in order to be exported, to the Officer appointed for that Purpose, as is required by an Act passed in the 10 ft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on cl ea by an Ac1 passed in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu tl?ereof; for repealing so much of Jeneral AJls as relates to t))c Removal of Tea\ for directing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of exdfrdle Commodities \ and for better securing the Duties on Candles \ it shall be lawful for such Officer who (hah attend to see the said Starch packed up, and he is hereby required to (lamp or mark every Paper of Starch so intended to be packed up, in order to be exported, on the Label or Piece of thin Paper herein before directed to be atlixed thereon, with such Stamp or Mark, having the Word Exportation denoted thereon, as the Commissioners -for the said Duties on Starch in England and Scotland respectively shall provide and direct to be used for that Purpose; and the said respective Commissioners shall* on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, provide proper Stamps or Marks, having the Word Exportation denoted thereon, and shall cause the same to be distributed to the proper Officers respectively for the Purposes last aforesaid, which Stamps or Marks shall and may, from Time to Time, be varied or altered, as often as the said respective Commissioners shall think fit to alter the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time, forge or counterfeit any such Stamp or Mark, which shall be provided for stamping or marking Starch intended to be exported, every Person so oilending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of

one hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Officer or Officers, who shall attend to fee such Starch packed up in order to be exported, shall not permit to be packed up, in order to be exported, any Piece or Pieces of Starch, not having thereon the Label, or Piece of thin Paper, stamped as is herein before directed, entire and unbroken; and all such Starch so intended to be exported shall be fub-je£l to all the Regulations required by the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, concerning Starch intended to be exported: Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Starch ground into Powder, commonly caiied, Hqjtr Powder, which shall at any Time be intended to be exported.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, if any Piece or Pieces of Starch, stamped with the said Stamp or Mark as aforesaid, provided for stamping or marking Starch intended to- be exported, shall be found upon Land, except in the Warehouse or Place where the same shall be packed up before the same shall be shipped, or in removing from thence to be put on board the Ship in which the same is intended to be exported, all and every such Piece or Pieces of Starch shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Ofl&cer of the Customs or Excise, or for the Duties on Starch.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within one Hour after the Pieces of Starch shall have been papered and stamped by the Officer, all the Scrapings belonging to such Pieces of Starch shall be weighed and taken Account of by the Officer, and shall be put into Water in Frames, Tixbs, or other Utensils, and shall hot be mixed with any other Starch or Preparation for making Starch then in Operation j and the said Scrapings shall be immediately dissolved, and drained through a Sieve, and being; so drained, the Officer for the Duties on Starch shall take an Account thereof as a Green Water, and the same shall not be again dillurbed or meddled with, until such Notice shall be given for boxing the same, as-is required by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled^ Art /led to prevent Frauds in the Rt venue of Excise, with respect to Starchy Coffeey Teay and Chocolate; and a. norther Act mac in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better feczxr— ing the Duties on Starch; and the said Scrapings of Starch, so put into Water and dissolved, shall becii^rge-able, and shall be charged by the proper Officer with all the same Duties upon Starch as any other Starchy and in like Manner as any other Starch, or Materials for making Starch, are or ought to be charged with.

X. And whereas it being required by this Act that Scrapings of Starch should be dissolved in Water- and converted into Green Waters, it is reasonable that an Allowance should be made for the said Scrap— ings, out of the Amount of the Boxgage or Boxgages of which the said Scrapings have been a Part ;* k>c it

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51. 75

therefore farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Scrapings of Starch shall be weighed by (be Officer, and the said Scrapings shall be put iiito Water, as by this Act is required* ilk said Officer shall deduct seven Tenth Parts of the Weight of such Scrapings, from the Amount of the Boxgage of which such Scrapings have been a Part, provided the Weight of inch Scrapings do not exceed one Y iftn Part of the whole Amount of such Boxgage or Gages; but if the Weight of such Scrapings exceed the aforesaid Proportion, yet no greater Deduction shall be made than according to the said Proportion; that is to say, No greater Deduction shall be made, in any Case, than seven Tenth Parts of one Fifth Part of the said Amount of the Boxgage or Gages; and it shall be lawful for the Officer to charge the Starch-maker with the Duties ffom the Amount of the Boxgage or Boxgages, after such Deduction iindl have been made therefrom, provided such Amount, after such Deduction made, shall not be Ids than the actual Weight of the Starch, when the same is removed from the Stove, or other Drying-place or Places, and weighed: Provided also, That no Allowance or Deduction shall be made in Caies where the Duties shall be charged according to the Gage taken in the Sour Waters, or in the Green Waters, together with the Slimes, as directed by the said Act, made in the ninteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or by this Act; and in case any Starch-maker shall neglect to put all such Scrapings under Water, and to stir the same until ditfolved, and to strain the same through a Sieve, within the Space of one Hour after the same shall have been weighed and taken Account of by the Officer, every such Starch-maker so offending shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and in case any Starch-maker shall, after such Scrapings shall have been dissolved and drained, into any Frame, Tub, or other Utensil, wilfully cause the same to be disturbed, or the Whole, or any Part thereof, to be taken away before Notice shall have been given of boxing the same, such Starch-maker shall be deemed to have boxed Starch without Notice, and shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, as by the said Act made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign is directed; and in case any Starch-maker, in order to increase the Quantity of Scrapings before the same shall be weighed by the Officer, shall mix therewith any Starch of the same, or any other Making, or any Flour, Meal, or other Material whatever, or wilfully cause any Water, or other Liquid, to be put to such Scrapings, or by any Means whatever cause the said Scrapings to be increased in Weight, such Starch-maker shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XI. And whereas it may happen that the Paper wherein any Piece of Starch shall be contained, after the hmt has been ftaoped as aforesaid, may, in the Stove or other Drying-place, or by taking from the Stove or other Drying-place, qr other wile by Accident, be broken or damaged, so as to be unfit for Sale ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Paper wherein any Piece of Starch shall be contained, shall by any Accident be broken or damaged, and the Starch-maker, to whom the same belongs, shall be defirousof having the same repapered and restamped, such Starch-maksr shall give to the said Officer for the said Duties, in the Division or District in which his, her, or their Starch-house shall be situated, twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if such Starch-house shall be situated within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or if such Starch-house shall be situated in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice, in Writing, that such Starch-maker desires to have such Piece or Pieces of Starch repaired and restamped; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Officer, being satisfied that such Piece or Pieces of Starcbhad before been duly damped, and that the Paper or Papers containing the same had been broken or damaged by Accident, as soon as is convenient after the Expiration of such twelve Hours or twenty-four Hours respectively, to restamp such Piece or Pieces of Starch, the same being repapered and tied, and such Label or Piece of thin Paper as aforesaid being affixed or passed thereon in Manner herein before directed.

XII. And, to the End that Starch made in Great Britain, and charged with the Duties on Starch before the Commencement of this Act, may not be improperly seized be it further enacted by the Authority afore&idi That the respective Commissioners for the Du ies on Starch shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, provide proper Stamps or Seals for stamping or paling all Stock of Starch in the Hands of any Starch-maker, and shall at all Times, within three Months from the Commencement of this Act, at the Request and Desire of any such Starch-maker, order and di-rcdl the proper Officer for the said Duties to stamp or seal every Piece of Starch made in Great Britain, and charged with the said Duties before the Commencement of this Act, and then remaining in the Possession of such Starch-maker, with such Mark, Impression, Stamp, or Device as to such respective Commissioners shall appear most proper for that Purpose, such Pieces of Starch being papered and tied with Strings, and such Label or Piece of thin Paper being affixed or passed thereon, in Manner herein before directed, by the Starch-maker who shall desire the same to be so marked or stamped, and Oath being made by such drarch maker, or his, her, or their Chief Workman, that all such Starch was made in Great Britain before the Commencement of this Act, and that the Duties have been duly charged thereon; which Oath the Surveyor or Supervisor of the Division or Diirridt within which the Starch house belonging to such Starch-n}aker is situated, is hereby authorised and required to administer; and all Starch, so marked and stamped jo pursuance of such Orders and Directions, shall and may be removed, fold, and disposed of, as if the same bad been made since the Commencement of this Act, and the Directions of this Act fully complied with.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the End of three Kooths after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all Starch not bfirg stamped as by this Act is directed, and all loose Starch exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds IVtigbc, and all Scrapings of Starch which shall be found in the Possession of any Starch-maker, or of any ether Person for the Use of such Maker or Dealer* or that dial 1 be found removing or removed by Land or by Water, mail be forfeited^ and may be seized by any Officer for the said Duties, together with the Cheff,

Allowance to be

mad? for the Scrapings, which are to be weighed by an Officer, and dilToJfed and ftr.vned within one Hour after* wards, on Penalty of 2,co L

Scrapings not fo be taken away without Notice given of b- xinr, nor increased in Weight, on Penalty of 2001.

Damaged Stamps may be reolaced by the Otfker.

Starch in Hand1 to be stamped, if Application be made so the Commissioners within thiee Months after Commencement of this Act.

In three Months after June 2i, 1786, all u- damped Search above a 8 1 r». feix.ible, and the Owner to forfeit 10a. per lb.

76

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

Not to ettrnd to Start Vi made into Hair Foadtii *c.

Persons forpinf St*mp< guilty of Fitonj;

nd Person tifing them forfeit 500 1.

Recital of Act 19 Geo. y c. 40.

Vat« to Sr emptied in 4S Hours and Sour Waters fti ftrd in ti Hours after beginning those Operations, on Pe-' tally of 2001.

Green Water* t# remain un-di(turne<i 24 H ur», after shifting the Sour Waters; of which drifting a Declaration is to be made, on Penalty of 1001. for Offence in either Particular*

If Starch* of which a G*uge has keen taken while making, ia

C. 51.

A.D. 1786.

Cask, Sack, or other Package containing the same, and the Boat or Vessel, Horses or other Cattle, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage made use of in removing the same; and the Starch maker or Dealer u> Starch, or other Person receiving March to the Use of such Starch-nuker or Dealer, in whose Possession any such unstamped Starch, or any Inch ioole Starch, exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weighty or such Scrapings of Starch, thad, after the Fnd of the said three Months after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, be found, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound Weight of such unstamped Starch, or of such Scrapings, or for every Pound Weight exceeding twenty-eight Pounds Weight of such loose Starch: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to Starch made into Hair l owder, or to any Quantity of Starch taken out of the Papers in the Possession of any Hair Powder Maker, or in the Possession of any Blue-maker, or to any Quantity of Starch taken out of the Papers, not exceeding twenty-eight Pounds Weight, in the Possession of any Dealer in or Seller of Starch, nor to the Returns from the Sieves, that may be in the Possession of any Makers of Hair Powder.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Perforr or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any Stamp or Seal, to referable any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided ia pursuance of this Act for stamping or sealing Starch made and papered in Great Britain after the Commencement of this Act, or the Stock of Starch in the Hands of any Starch-maker, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon the Papers containing Starch as aforesaid, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duties upon Starch, then every Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time fell any Starch with any such forged or counterfeit Stamp or Seal, or Impression thereon, knowing the same to be forged and counterfeited^ and with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or shall knowingly fix, or cause to be' fixed, any Paper, stamped according to this Act, to any Piece of Starch, other than that which was originally inclosird in such Paper, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, every Person so offending shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XV. And whereas, by the aforesaid Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Duties on Starch, all Starch-makers are required to give such Notices as in the said Act are mentioned, before they begin to empty or wash out their vats, and before they begin to take off the Slimes or Wash from the ^our Waters; but there is not any Time limited within which such Starch makers shall finish the emptying or washing out their Vats, or the taking off the Slimes or Wash from the Sour Waters: And whereas there is not any Time limited therein for shifting the Sour Waters of Green Waters;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, every Maker of Starch, after he shall have begun to empty or Wash out his Vat or Vats, agreeably to the Notice by the said Act required, shall proceed and continue 10 empty or wash out such Vat or Vats, until the whole of such Vat or Vats shall be emptied or washed out, without leaving off, except for the Space of one Night; and every such Starch-maker shall finish emptying or washing out such Vat or Vats, within the Space of forty-eight Hours, from the Time of beginning to empty or wash out the same; and every Starch-maker, after he shall have begun to take off the Slimes or *Wash from the Sour Waters, agreeably to the Notice by the said Act required, shall proceed and continue to shift the said Sour Waters until the whole is finished, and shall finish the shifting the said Sour Waters within the Space of twelve Hours from the Time of beginning to take off the said Slimes or Wash; and every Starch-maker who shall not finish the emptying or washing out his, her, or their Vat or Vats, within the Space of forty-eight Hours from the Time of beginning the same, or shall not finish the shifting the said Sour Waters within the Space of twelve Hours, from the Time of beginning to take off the said Slimes or Wash, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Starch-maker shall have finished the taking off the Slimes and Wash from the Sour Waters, and the Green Waters shall be put into the Frames, Tubs, or other Utensils, used for preparing and making the same into Starch, the said Green Waters shall remain unmoved and undisturbed in the same Frames, Tubs, or other Utensils, for the Space of twenty-four Hours at the least from the Time the shifting of the Sour Waters shall have been finished and the said Green Waters shall not, during the said Space of twenty-four Hours, be moved or disturbed in the said Frames, Tubs, or Utensils: And that the Officers for the Duties upon Starch may be able to ascertain when the said Green Waters were so put into the said Frames, Tubs, or other Utensils, after the shifting of the Sour Waters had been finished as aforesaid, every Maker of Starch shall give, or cause to be given, to the Officer for the said Duties under whose Survey such Maker of Starch shall then be, a Declaration in Writing, specifying therein the particular Hour or Time of the Day when such Maker of Starch did finish shifting the Sour Waters; and if any Maker of Starch shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, neglect to deliver such Declaration last aforesaid, or shall move or disturb the Green Waters during the Space of twenty-four Hours after the shifting the Sour Waters shall have been finished, agreeably to such Declaration last aforesaid, then every such Maker of Starch shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XV1L. And, the better to prevent any Frauds by the secreting or concealing of Starch,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Officer or Officers for the Duties upon Starch shall at any Time miss any Quantity of Starch, or Materials for making Starch, of which an Account had been take it by Gauge while the same was in the Green Waters and in the Slimes respectively, and before the said Starch

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51.

shall have been put into the Boxes, and shall not, upon reasonable Demand, receive Satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to charge the Maker of such Starch according to the Gauge or Gauges taken of the same in the Green Waters, together with the Slimes, and every such Maker shall pay the Duty so charged.

XVIII. And whereas by the said Act, made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That if any Maker of Starch should, at any Time whilst his Starch is in Operation and under Water, mix, or cause to be mixed, any of the Starch Waters of one making with those of another Making, every such Maker of Starch shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence one hundred Pounds, except such Mixing be made in Presence of an Officer for the Duties on Starch: And whereas the mixing the Starch Waters of one Making with those of another Making, although in the Pretence of an Officer, is founa to be inconvenient, inasmuch as the Officer is thereby prevented having an exact Gauge of the Starch during its Operation in the Frames-*’ to prevent the same for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Paid twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, if any Maker of Starch shall, whilst his Starch is in Operation and under Water, mix or cause to be mixed any of the Starch Waters of one making with those of another Making, every such Starch-maker shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Provided Devertheless, That Slimes which shall nave been entered on the Officer’s Hooks as Slimes, for the Space of twenty-four Hours, may be mixed in the Presence of the Officer for the Duties on Starch, and not otherwise.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Starch-maker shall be desirous of removing his, her, or their Starch, after the same shall be dried from the Stove, every such Starch-maker shall give to the Officer for the said Duties of the Division or District where his, her, or their Starch-house is situated, twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if such Starch-house is situated within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or if such Starch-house is situated in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing of the particular Time and Hour when he, she, or they intend to begin to remove his, her, or their Starch, after the same shall be dried from the Stove; and in case such Starch-maker shall not begin to remove the Starch from the Stove, at the Time and Hour mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour next after, then every such Notice shall be void, and such Starch-maker shall be obi ged to give a frefti and like Notice in Writing before he, she, or they shall begin to remove his, her, 01 their Starch, after the same shall be dried from the Stove and if any Starch-maker shall begin to remove his, her, or their Starch, after the same shall be dried from the Stove, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose two hundred Pounds.

XX. And whereas by the said Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign fin- tkuled, An Act for the better securing the Duties on Starch), it is enabled, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing within the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in London, shall be permitted to make Entry of any Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch, as required by the Statutes in that Case al- ready made and provided, unless such Person or Persons shall occupy a Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Value of ten Pounds or upwards, and for which he, she, or they shall accordingly be assessed in their own Name, and shall also pay to the Parish Rates and that no Person or Persons whatsoever residing in any other Parts of the Kingdom where there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall be permitted to make any such Entry, unless such Person or Persons shall be assessed and pay to Church and Poor in the several Parishes and Places in which they respectively reiide: And whereas divers evil-minded and indigent Persons have made Entries of Workhouses, or Places for the making of Starch, in Places where there are not Rates to Church and Poor, and such evil-minded and indigent Persons do frequently commit many gross Frauds against the Revenue for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons whatever residing in any Part of the Kingdom out of the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in Lon-and in any Places where there are not Rates to Church and Poor, shall be permitted to make Entry of any Workhouse, or Place for the making of Starch, unless such Person or Persons shall be alfefied in his, her, or their own Name, and pay in the several Parishes and Places in which such Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch shall be situated, to the Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by an Act made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties upon Houses, Windows* and Lights and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights); and unless such Person or Persons shall also be assessed in his, her, or their own Name, and pay in the several Parishes and Places in which such Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch shall be situated, to the Rates and Duties upon inhabited Houses, granted by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on all inhabited Houses, imposed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties upon all inhabited Houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said Afi; and also for amending so much of an Act, made in the Jroenttenth Year of the Reign of Bis present Majesty, as imposes a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capacities therein mentioned), or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force; and that no Entry of any Workhouse or Place for making of Starch, already made, or to be made as required by the Statutes in that Case made and provided, in any Place out of the Limits of the Head Office of Excise in Londonr and where there are not Rates to Church and Poor, shall be of any Avail to any Person or Persons not so qualified, or for any longer Time than the Person or Persons so making Entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person making Starch, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be Persons making Starch without Entry, and shall be

77

miffed, the Duty on irto he charged according to that Gauge.

The Starch Waters of different Making* not to be mixed, on Penalty of icol but Slimes may be mixed in Presence of an Officer.

Starch not to be removed from the Stote, v*ith-out giving Notice, on Penalty of aool.

Rental of Act 19 Geo. 3.0.4b*

No Entry to be allowed (in certain Pisces) except to Persons assessed to the Duties granted

bj

Act 6 Geo. 3. c#. 38. and by

Act T9 Geo. 3. c. 59.

Persons making Entries, and not qualified, liable to the Penalties

78

Dfmak'rp Starch without hnirjr.

Makers of Stone Bln- to rn^ke i: airies of their WorkhousV?, &c. on Penalty of 501.

Officers may e«-amine Stone Blur, and take Samples thereof, paying for the same*

No S*one Blue to be made from Materials that have not paid Duty, on Forfeiture thereof, and also 100 h

tfnftamped

Starch in possession of Stone Blue Makers,

Scc. to be forfeited, and the Owner fincdioi* per Pound Weight 5 and if more than lb. be found in an unentered Place, to be forfeited, and a Fine of $ol.

Person* refusing Officers Samples of Stone Blue, paying for the Um:t forfeit 50l.

Persons moVft. ing Officers in the Eiecuiun of

C. 51. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons making Starch without Entry are by the Statutes in such Case made and provided now subject unto.

XXI. And whereas great Quantities of Starch are used in the making of Stone Blue, and some evil- minded Pericns being Makers of Stone Blue, do in a private and cEndestine Manner make Surch, or otherwise manufacture Meal or Flour for the Purpose of making Stone Blue, r.nd thereby evade the Payment of the Duties upon Starch, to the great Lois of the Revenue, and the Injury of the fair Trader;

which Mischiefs might, in great Measure, be prevented, if the Makers of Stone Blue were obliged to make Entries of the Places used by them for making or for keeping Stone Blue, or Materials for making the same, and if the Officers of Excise were authorised to inspect inch Places be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all and every Person or Persons, who now is or are, or shall then be a Maker or Makers of Stone Blue for Sale, shall make a true Entry in Writing of his, her, or their Names, and Pa ce or Places of Abode, together with all and every the Workhouse or Workhouses, and all and every other PJace or Places whatever that shall be made use of by such Person or Persons for the making of Stone Blue, or for keeping Stone Blue, or Materials for making Stone Blue, at the Chief Office of Excise in Lonlon, if such Person or Persons now carry on, or shall then carry on, the Business of making Stone Blue for Sale within the Limits of the said Chief Office -, or if such Person or Persons now carry 07, or Hull then carry on, the said Business in any other Part of Great Britain, then at the OrRce of Excise next to the Place where he, she, or they now carry on, or shall then carry on, the said Business; and all and every Person or Persons who, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall become a Adaker or Makers of Stone Blue for Sale, shall, before he, she, or they shall bcgiiMo make or manufacture Stone Blue, make a true Entry in Writing of his, her, or their respective Place or Places of Abode, together with all and every the Workhouse or Workhouses, and all and every other Place or Places whatever that shall be made use of by such Person or Persons for the making of, or for keeping Stone Blue, or Materials for making Stone Blue, at the Chief Office of Excise in London, if such Person or Persons shall carry on the said Business within the Limits of the said Chief Office, or if such Person or Persons shall carry on the said Business in any other Part of Great Britain, then at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Person or Persons shall carry on the said Business, on Pain of forfeiting and paying the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, or of the Duties upon Starch, at all Times by Day, at his or their Request, to enter the House or Houses, Workhouse or Workhouses, and all and every other Place or Places whatever belonging to, or that shall be made use of by any Maker or Makers of Stone Blue for Sale, for the making of Stone Blue, or for keeping Stone Blue, or Materials for making Stone Blue, and there to examine all and every Parcel or Parcels of Stone Blue, and to take and carry away any Sample or Parcel of the same, paying a reasonable Price for the same, according to the Price that Stone Blue shall then commonly bear and be sold for.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Stone Blue for Sale, shall begin to make or manufacture, or cause or procure to be begun to be made or manufactured, any Stone Blue from any Flour, Meal, or other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever (other than the Materials or Ingredients for colouring the same), except Starch, for which all the Duties due and payable in respe£fc thereof have been first charged, on Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, all such Stone Blue, Flour, Meal, and other Ingredients and Materials whatsoever (other than the Materials or Ingredients for colouring such Stone Blue), together with the Boxes, Tubs, and Vessels whatsoever containing the same, and also the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, any such Maker of Stone Blue for Sale, or Maker of Hair Powder for Sale, shall receive into his, her, or their roffession, any Starch in Papers not ffamped as aforesaid, or any loose Starch, or any Scrapings of Starch, he, she, or they so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound Weight of Starch so received in Papers not ffamped as aforesaid, or of such loose Starch or Scrapings of Starch; and all such Starch in Papers not ffamped as aforesaid, or loose Starch or Scrapings of Starch, that shall be so received, or brought into the Possession of such Maker of Stone Blue, or Maker of Hair Powder, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, or of the said Duties, any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and if any such Maker of Stone Blue, or Maker of Hair Powder, shall keep any Starch above the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds in any unentered Place, the same shall be forfeited, and such Maker of Stone Blue, or Maker of Hair Powder, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker of Stone Blue for Sale, upon Request or Demand made by any such Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, in the Day-time, shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit such Officer or Officers to enter and go into all and every the Workhouse or Workhouses, or all and every other Place or Places whatever belonging to, or that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the making of Stone Blue, or for the keeping Stone Blue, or any Materials

vfor making Stone Blue, or shall not permit such Officer or Officers to examine, and to take and carry away with him or them any Parcel or Sample of Stone Blue, upon his or their offering to pay for the same the Price that Stone Blue shall then commonly bear and be sold for; every such Maker of Stone Blue shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatever shall aflaule, oppose, molest, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or for the Duties on Starch, in the duo*

11 Execution

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52.

Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, all and every the Party or Parties u> offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, rmpoted by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by fucti Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excite, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and Huh be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General lffuf, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or other wise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, and for the Ease of the fair Trader; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations, and the United States of America.

WHEREAS the several Provisions for preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco by Land or Water, contained in an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco, have Commencement from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; notwithstanding which Provisions, such To- baccoas was imported before that Time hath been or may be removed by Land or Water, otherwise than as by the said Act is directed, inasmuch as the same having been imported before that Time cannot be subject to the Regulations prescribed by the said Act: And whereas the Continuance of this Liberty may encourage the Importers or Possesshrs of uncustomed Tobacco to pretend that the same was imported be- fore the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and, under that Pretence* 4 Tobacco imported fmee that Time, and Tobacco Stalks stripped, and Snuff manufactured therefrom, may be removed otherwise than by the said Act is directed, to the great Prejudice both of the Publick Revenue and of the fair Trader: And whereas it is expedient that all such Tobacco as shall have been lawfully imported, and was Stock in Hand before that Tune, should be subject and liable to all and every the fevtial and respective Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, directed and contained in the said herein-be- fore recited Act;’ be it therefore enacted by the King s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty- fix, no Tobacco which shall have been imported into Great Britain before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, nor any Tobacco Stalks stripped, nor Snuff manufactured from Tobacco so imported, shall be removed, carried, or conveyed, either by Land or by Water, in any other Manner than as is directed by the said recited Act, and the same shall, in every Respect, be under and subject to the several Rules, Regulations, Oaths, and Restrictions directed and contained in the (k;d Act; and that all and each and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, inflicted and incurred by the said recited Act, on the Removal of Tobacco imported since the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or Tobacco Stalks (tripped, or Snuff manufactured from Tobacco so imported, contrary to the said recited Act, and the several Rewards and Distributions therein directed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all Intents and Purposes, to the Removal of Tobacco which shall have been imported into this Kingdom, previous to the said hrlt Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-lix, and to Tobacco Stalks stripped, and Snuft manufactured from To* bacco so imported.

II. And whereas, in and by the said recited Act, it is provided. That if any Importer or Proprietor of Tobacco, who hath given Security for the Payment of the Duties in eighteen Months, shall be ddirous to* 4 diteharge his Bond or Bonds, or any Part thereof, in ready Money, sooner than the Expiration of the said eighteen Months, so much shall be abated upon such Bond or Bonds, as the Discount, at the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to, in Proportion to the Time unexpired: And whereas it is expedient that the said Discount should be discontinued be it there.ore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act as provides, that if any Importer or Proprietor of Tobacco, that hath riven Security as aforesaid, for the Payment of the Duties in eighteen Monihs, shall be desirous to discharge his Bond or Roads, or any Part thereof, in ready Money, sooner than the Expiration of the said eighteen

79

their Duty, form toit 50l.

How Penalties are to be recovered and appropriated.

Limitation of Actiona.

General Issue*

Treble Cof!t»

Pteamblt.

Recital of 25 Geo. 3*c.Sr«

From June 24, 1786, all Tobacco. fee. though imported prior to Jan. V, 1786, liable to the Regulation of the recited

Aa.

No Pifcourt to be allow) d on Diitharg- of Security bond*.

8o

/wencan Tobacco imported prii r to J*n. i# 17^6, remaining in the King’* Warehouse, to pay 1 f. ad. and 79-Sothi of 1 d. per lb Duty.

No Discount to be allowed on Payment of the said Duty. Duties to be ap-piopriatrd as heretofore*

Roll Tobacco for Exportation* containing any Mixture of more than ia lb. and TwirtedTobacco more than 12 lb. per Curt, to be forfeited*

Cot Tobacco for Exportation* containing more than I. 5th Part Stalk* forfeited*

How Dispute* rrhtive to the Mixture of Tobacco, tec. are to be determined.

Tobacco from

his Majesty's Cplomei in A»

merit*, or the

C. 52. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Months, he shall be abated upon such Bond or Bonds so much as the Discount, at the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to, in proportion to the Time unexpired, shall be, and is hereby repealed.

III. And whereas Tobacco of the Growth of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or of the Growth of the United States of America, imported previous to the fir{l Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, is subject to the Payment of the Duty of fifteen Pence, and two hundred and thirty-nine two hundred and fortieth Parts of a Penny, per Pound Weight, in case the Duties are not paid down in ready Money at the Time of the Entry of such Tobacco, but the same are secured by Bond, and the Importers thereof are intitled to a Discount after the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum,

on the Amount of certain of the said Duties for the Time unexpired in the Bonds given for Payment thereof: And whereas it would be a great Hardship upon the Importers of such Tobacco, if they were to pay such Duties be it therefore further enacted, That no Tobacco imported previous to the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and for which Bond shall have been given for securing the Duties payable thereupon, and which is now remaining unsold in the Warehouse under the King’s Locks, shall be subject or liable to pay more than the Duty of one Shilling and two Pence, and seventy-nme eightieth Parts of a Penny, for every round Weight of the same, according to the Weights of such Tobacco, taken by the proper Officers of the Customs on landing of the same at the Importation thereof.

IV. Provided always, That the Importer or Importers of such Tobacco, upon paying up the said Dufy of one Shilling and two Pence, and seventy-nine eightieth Parts of a Penny, per Pound Weight, shall not be intitled to any Discount whatsoever.

V. Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter in any Respect the Manner of appropriating the Duties upon such Tobacco; and that the present Du As of one Shilling and two Pence, and seventy-nine eightieth Parts of a Penny, per Pound Weight, shall be appropriated in the same Manner, and to the same Branches to which such Duties were applicable before the making of this Act.

VI. And whereas Tobacco, after having undergone certain Kinds of Manufacture, becomes knofrn by the respe*Stive Names of Carrot or Roll, Pigtail or Twisted Tobacco, and, from the Nature of the Ma- nufacture, necessarily imbibes and retains a Quantity of Water or other Ingredients, whereby the Weight becomes considerably increased, and the Revenue materially injured \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Examination by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, any Carrot or Roll Tobacco, entered for Exportation, shall be found to contain of Water, or any Ingredients other than Tobacco, more than twelve Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Weight, or if any Pigtail, or Twisted Tobacco, entered as aforesaid, shall be found to contain of Water, or any Ingredients other dun Tobacco, more than ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds Weight, all such Tobacco shall be forfeited*

VII. And whereas there is a Species of manufactured Tobacco, known by the Name of Cut Tobacco,

which ought not to contain a greater Weight of Stalk in proportion to the Leaf than that of one Pound of Stalk to four Pounds of Leaf, which, in the natural State of Tobacco, before it is so manufactured,

is the usual Proportion f be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Examination by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, any Cut Tobacco entered for Exportation shall be found to contain of Stalk more than the said Proportion, all such Cut Tobacco shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Carrot or Roll Tobacco, or Pigtail or Twisted Tobacco, shall be seized as containing more than the due Proportion of Water, or any Ingredients other than Tobacco, or if any Cut Tobacco shall be seized as containing more than the due Proportion of Stalk, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Tobacco respectively, or his or their Agent, shall deny that the Carrot or Roll Tobacco, or the Pigtail or Twisted Tobacco seized, do respectively contain more than the due Proportion of Water, or any Ingredients other than Tobacco, or that the Cut Tobacco does contain more than the due Proportion of Stalk, then, and in such Case, the Matter in Dispute shall be referred to the Determination of two indifferent Persons, one of whom shall be named by the Officer or Officers who shall have seized the same, and the other by the said Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agent; and in case the two Persons so nominated shall not agree, it shall and may be lawful for the said two Persons to nominate a third Person, who shall finally determine the Matter in Controversy: Provided always, That such Reference shall be made within the Space of three Days from the Day of Seizure; and that if at the End of the third Day the Referrees, nominated as aforesaid, shall not have decided, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners Of the Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, or for the Collector and Comptroller in any of the Out-ports, as the Case may be, to appoint an Arbitrator, who shall finally determine the Matter in Dispute.

IX. And whereas there is a Difference at this Time existing in the Monies payable upon the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of America \ that is to say, Whether the Duties are paid down in ready Money, or whether they are secured by Bond: And whereas it is expedient that such Difference should be abolished, and that the Monies to be paid in future shall, in all cases, be in Amount the same as the Duties which would be due and payable in case the Importer or Proprietor had not secured the same by Bond, but had paid down the Duties in ready Money be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the Monies to be paid upon the Importation into Great Britain, of Tobacco of the Growth of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53.

America, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, whether the Duties shall be paid down in ready Money at the Time of Importation, or whether the same shall be secured by Bond, as is now by Law allowed, shall and are hereby directed to be the same which are now due and payable in the Case of an Importer or Proprietor of Tobacco paying the Duties down in ready Money at the Time of the Importation thereof, and not securing the same by Bond; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Discount shall be paid or allowed, nor any Allowance whatever shall be made to any Person or Persons whatever, upon Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in Discharge of any Bond or Bonds already given or entered into in pursuance of the said bcrcin-before recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which shall be hereafter given or entered into, in pursuance of the said herein-before recited Act, before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, unless the Person or Persons so paying the same shall, within twenty Days after he or they shall have so paid the same, take the Tobacco for which he or they shall have (o paid such Sum or Sums of Money out of the Warehouse or Warehouses belonging to his Majesty, wherein such Tobacco shall have been lodged or deposited.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America \ to the Allowance upon the Exportation of fir/7//&-made Gunpowder; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth; and to the Duties payable on foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease j to the permitting the free Importation of raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom; to the repealing the Duties upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Allies, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum, shipped as Stores, to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp and rough and undressed Flax from his Majesty's Colonies in America

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of me same, That so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purgefes thnin mentioned, as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber y therein particularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in force for twenty-one Years, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and which, by several fur-kouent Acts made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth, twelfth, and nineteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the finx* is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of Rx\i\{h-made Gunpowder, which was to continue in force for five Years from the twenty-fourth Bay of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the tenth, sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and Eirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, and eighteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the fime is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September 26 Geo. III. M one

81.

United States, liable to the same Duty, uhrther pdd on Imp r ation, or secured by Bond.

No Discount to be allowed on Bonds, entered in>o under recited Act, unless in to Day* atfer Dilcharpe, the Tobacco is removed.

[Preamble.]

So much of 8 Geo. 3. c. is. as re’ates to the Importation of Wood, Sec, from America,

further continue ed until Sept. 29, 1792, See,

Afl Geo. 2. c. 29. furthtr continued untH Srpt. 19, 1792.

82

9 Geo. 2. c. 77. further continued until &eyt. 29, 179*.

Act 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. further continued until

Sept* 29, 1792.

Act Geo. 3.

c. 19. further continued until June 24, X790-

Act 7 Geo. ,

c. 12. further continued until March 25,178!*

Act 15 Geo. 3. c. 35. further continued until June so, 1790.

Act 20 Geo. 3*

c. further s c >o!inued until Maj 3!, 1789.

Act 10 Geo. 3. * 39 further continued for fe*en Yeari from IU Expiration,

C. 53. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Mar. ufart are of iirithh Sail Clcth \ and for the'more effectual fe curing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail Clcth imported into this Kingdom, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End. of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several fublequer.t Acts made in the thirteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, and eighteenth Y'ears of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Alamfarture, of any of his Alaj fly* s Sugar Colonier in America, from the said Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; which was to continue in force for five Y’ears from the twenty-ninth Day of Sept inber one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several Acts made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the fourth, twelfth, and eighteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one inoutand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, for a limited Time, which was to continue in force front the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, for the Term of one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by three Acts made in the sixth, thirteenth, and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, which was to be in force for three Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nineteenth, and twenty-second Years of his said Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, untir the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to permit the free Importation of raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, which was to continue in force from the twentieth Day of Juno one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the twentieth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Pot and Pearl Ashes, Wood and Weed Ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof for a limited Time, which was to continue in force until the thirty-first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three; and which, by another Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Ma-

jtfty’s Reign, was further continued until the thirty-first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the thirty-firlE Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the several Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported, which was to continue in force for seven Y'ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session. of Parliament y and which, by another made

83

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 54 - 56.

in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of seven ^ears, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the twenty-third Year* 23*0. 5.

the Reign of his present Majesty, imituleJ, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Ivlamtfac- Year*8*

tomef Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for two Ye2rs, from the tuft Day 0{January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expit ation thereof, for the further Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act, made in the nine- So much of Act tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum 19 (>0* 3-c* * shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships, on their Voyages, which was to be in force for DrillbacV^n two Years, from the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine; and which, by two nurns tl Acts made in the twenty-first and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further con- Store* fr Mcr-tinaed until the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall, from and after the passing chant Ship*, re-of this Act, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect until the "‘vr*’ ard ^ut" bit Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

17 R&,

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Geo. 3. Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and c. a6 revived,

and undr(fed Flaxy from his Majesty's Colonies in America, which was to continue in force from the T,jCon-

twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-feur, for the Term of twenty-one Years, V. *4 °1806. shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in J lull Force and Effect until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and six.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of tTte Stamp Office rateable to the Land Tax, in Shire Lane Ward, within the Division of Saint Clement Danes and omt Mary le Strand\ in the Liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said Office should be removed into any other Division or Place.

tt The Land Tax Act of this Session recited. Commissioners, lie. of the Stamp Duties to be assessed to a the Land Tax for their Salaries, lie. in Shire Lane Ward, though the Office be removed. One fourth

Part of the Assessment, lie. to be paid to the Collectors of the District to which the Office shall be removed. Publick Act."

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex to raise Money, in Manner therein mentioned, for erecting a House of Correction within the said County.

u Justices may raise Money by granting Annuities for Lives, with or without Benefit of Survivorship. An-w nuities charged upon the County Rates. Grants may be transferred. The Justices to lay a sufficient Rare for the Purposes of the County,* and for paying the Annuities. Justices to appoint a Treasurer,

M and to take Security from him. Accounts to be kept of the Receipts and Disbursements. The Justices u may fell certain Ground and Premises. Clause saving to the Justices the Powers given by former Acts.

" Publick Act."

CAP. LVI.

An Act for obliging Overseers of the Poor to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor.

WHEREAS the great and increasing Expences of maintaining and providing for the Poor, within that Part of Great Britain called England, and the continual Distreifes of the Poor notwithstanding, make it highly expedient for the Legislature to take that Subject into their most ierious Consideration: And whereas Information of the State of the Poor, and the Nature of those Expences, may be necessary 1 to be procured, in order to enable Parliament to judge of proper Remedies to redress those Grievances; but it is apprehended /uch Information cannot be effectually obtained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, lie.9

Printed Copies of this Act to be transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace to be distributed amongst the Justices, lie. Returns made by the Overseers to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments. Justices

to appoint a Meeting of Overseers, between the Mulsummer Session and October 20, 1786, to give in Re-

45 turns, lie. Justices, at the Meeting, to receive the Returns, lie. and administer an Oath to the Over-14 seers, lie. High Constable, or other proper Officers, to receive Schedules from the Clerks of the Peace» to deliver one to each Overseer of the Poor, to receive from the Justices the Returns of the Overseers, apd to transmit them to the Clerks of the Peace. Overseers to deliver in Writing, on Oath, a Return

84 C. 56, 57. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

41 to the Justices, and produce the Accounts of the Expences of the Poor, &c. Overseers to take Copies of the Accounts of preceding Overseers, who are liable to a Penalty for refusing to produce them. Per- Tons making false Returns, to forfeit col. Fees to be allowed for each Return; viz. To the Clerk of the Peace, is. High Constable, is. 6a. Overseers, is. Justices Clerks, is. Penalties to be recovered by Distress, and one Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other applied in Aid of the Rates. Persons making false Oaths liable to the Penalties of corrupt Perjury."

QUESTIONS in the SCHEDULE, to which Answers are to be returned by the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township, and Place, in Writing, upon Oath, and signed by them; for which Purpose the said Overseers are to attend the Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, at such Times and Places as they shall appoint, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Default or Neglectt, a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

Question 1st. What Money was raised by Assessments, for the Relief of the Poor, in the respective Years ending at Easter 17S3, 1784, and 1785?

2d. What Number of Poor received constant, and what Number occasional Relief, during each of the said three Years, as near as you can ascertain the same

3d. How much was paid out of the said Money, in each of the said three Years, for Expences of Overseers in Journies and Attendances on Magistrates and others; and how much for Entertainments at Meetings of the Inhabitants, on Affairs relative to the Poor?

4th. What Payments were made out of the said Money for Law Business, and for Orders, Examinations, Certificates, and other Proceedings respect ing the Poor, in each of the said three Years

5th. Hqw much of the Money collected under these Assessments was applied for the Payment of County Rates, or any other, and what, Purposes, that did not concern the Poor

6th. How much of the Money so raised has been expended in providing Materials and Utensils for setting the Poor to Work?

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies', for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, yin AB for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies), as requires the Servants of the East India Company to deliver Inventories of their Estates and Effects; for rendering the Laws more effectual against Persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies; and for the more easy Proof, in certain cases, of Deeds and Writings executed

in Great Britain or India.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An Recital of A & A A for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the

*4 Geo. $. c. *5. 4 British Possessions in India j and for ejiabhjhino a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, divers Provisions wcie made and enacted for the more effectually prosecuting and bringing to speedy and condign Punishment the Crime of Extortion, and other Misdemeanors, committed in the East Indies by British Subjects, in the Service of his Majesty, or of the said Company; and particularly for constituting a Special Court of Judicature for the Trial of any Information, to be exhibited in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, against such Offenders, under and by virtue of a Commission, to be awarded under the Great Seal of Great Britainx directed to four Members of the House of Peers, fix Members of the House of Commons, and three of the Judges of his Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, such Members and Judges to be selected and chosen in the Manner prescribed by the said Act; and the said Special Commissioners, to be so constituted by such Commission, or any seven or more of them (of whom one of the said three judges was to be one), were, by the said Act* invested with full Power and Authority to hear and determine every such Information, and to pronounce Judgement thereon, according to the Effect of the Judgement at Common Law, upon Convictions had

and obtained according to the Course of the Common Law, for Extortion or other Misdemeanor: And whereas the Selection of the Members of the said respective Houses of Parliament, for the Purposes aforesaid, maybe rendered more easy and convenient: And whereas it is judged expedient, that, instead of seven, not less than ten Commissioners to be constituted by such Commission as aforesaid, should have Authority to hear and determine any such Information, and for that Purpose, that a greater Number of Members of each House of Parliament, than is directed by the said Act, should, together with the said three Judges, be named and authorised as Commissioners in and by such Commission: And whereas it is

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57.

also expedient, that, for giving greater Vigour and Efficacy to the Proceedings and Judgements of the said Special Commissioners, further Regulations should be provided and established: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Members of the House of Lords, by the said Act directed to be named by the said He use for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, and appointed in the Manner following, and no otherwise, any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say). That, within the first thirty fitting Days of the House of Lords in every future Session of Parliament, the Members of the said House, or any of them, may respectively deliver in at the Table, Lilts inclosed in Covers, feakd up, and having the Words Eojl India Judicature, and their respective Names or Titles of Honour, by which they are generally known and distinguished, indorsed on the Outhde thereof, in their respective proper Hand Writing; every such Lift containing tire Names or Titles of twenty-six Peers; and that, on the tii It fitting Day alter the Expiration of the said thirty Days, the Clerk of the Parliaments, or his Deputy or Assistance, or such other Person as the said House shall direct, shall prepare and lay upon the Tabic of the said House a List of the Names or Titles of the Lords wno shall, within the said thirty Days, have delivered such Lifts; and that, on the next fitting Day of the said House,-the said Covers shall be opened by the Clerk of the Parliaments, or his Deputy or Adistant, or such other Person as the said House shall direct, by the Order of the Speaker of the said House, during the Sitting of the said House, and all the Lifts which shall be so delivered shall be taken out of the said Covers and put into a Box; and the said Lifts shall be referred by the said House to a Committee, who shall examine the same, and within such Time as the said House shall direct, report to the House the Name or Title of every Lord whole Name or Title shall appear inten or more of such Lifts; and if the Names or Titles of the respective Members so returned shall not amount to twenty-six Members at the least, exclusively of such of the Members so returned as shall be {truck out of the said Lifts according to the Directions of this Act, the Members of the said House, or any of them, may, on any of the next seven fitting Days of the said House, deliver in fresh Lifts in Covers (baled up, and indorsed in the Manner herein before directed, each of such Lifts containing a Number of Names or I itles of Members of the said House, equal to that Number by which the Lift returned by the Committee shall, exclusively of the Members (truck out as aforesaid, fall (bore of twenty-six; and the said Covers shall be opened, and the Lifts disposed of, referred, and proceeded upon after the End of the said seven Days, in the Manner herein before directed in respectr to the said former Lifts.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Members of the House of Commons, to be named by that House for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, and appointed in the Manner following, and no otherwise, any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say), That within the first thirty fitting Days of the said House in every future Session of Parliament, the Members of the said House, or any of them, may respectively deliver in at the Table Lifts, inclosed in Covers, sealed up, and having the Words East India Judicature, and their respective Names, indorsed on the Outside thereof, in their respective proper Hand Writing, each of which Lifts shall contain the Names of forty Members of the said House; and that, on the first fitting Day after the Expiration of the said thirty Days, the Cterk of the said House, or his Deputy or Assistant, or such other Person as the House shall direef, shall prepare, and lay upon the Table, the Names of all the Members who shall have delivered such L ifts; and that on the next fitting Day of the said House, the Clerk of the said House, or any or either of such other Persons as aforesaid, shall, at the Table, during the Sitting of the said House, by the Order of the Speaker, take the Lifts out of the said Covers, and put the said Lifts together into a Box; and the said Lifts shall be immed ately referred, by the said House, to a Committee, who shall examine the same, and within such Time as the House shall direct, report to the House the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in twenty or more of the said Lifts; and if the Names so returned shall not amount to forty at the least, exclusively of such of the said Members therein named as shall be struck out of the said Lifts according to the Directions of this AiSt, the Members of the said House, or any of them, may, on any of the next seven fitting Days of the said House, deliver in at the Table of the said House fresh Lifts, in Covers, sealed up and indorsed in the Manner herein before directed, each Lift containing a Number of Names of Members ofihe said House equal to that Number by which the Lift returned by the said Committee shall, exclusively of such of the said Names as shall be so struck out, fall short of forty, and the said Lifts shall be opened, disposed of, referred, and proceeded upon, after the End of the said seven Days, in the Manner herein before directed in re(ne& to the said former Lifts: And the like Order and Course respectively as aforesaid shall be taken in each House of Parliament, until the said Numbers of twenty-six Members of the House of Lords, and forty Members of the House of Commons, shall have been returned to the said respective Houses, by the Committees to whom the said Lifts shall be referred, exclusively of such of the Members io returned as shall be struck out of the said Lifts, according to the Directions of this Act 'III- Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the Persons named in any of the Lifts returned by the said respective Committees, shall appear to hold any Civil Office of Profit under the Crown, during his Majesty's Pleasure, or to be, or to have been, a Commissioner for the Affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a Director of the said Company, or to hold, or to have held, any Office or Employment in the ber* vice of the said Company in India, the Names of all and every such Persons shall be struck out of the said Lifts, by the Order of the said respective Houses of Parliament.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Delivery of the find Lifts at the Tables of the respective Houses of Parliament, in the Manner directed by this Act, shall occasion any Interruption of other Bufinets, or be found inconvenient in any other Respect, it shall be lawful for both or either of the said Houses, by their Order or Orders, to substitute such other Mode for the Delivery of such Lifts as the said Houses shall

5 respectively.

8s

Within the first 30 fitting Days of every Session, Liftiof i6Namea to be delivered in sealed up, by the Member of the Upper House, from which shall be selected 16 Peers 3

and in the fam«-

Period, like Lists of 40 Conomcm-ers to be delivered in, from which shall be A-lc£led 40 Mcmbcjs,

Personkb* )d:ng Offices under the Crown, during Ph afure, &c. u> b;? ftr 11 k out uf (he Lifts.

Mode of delivering in of Lids lclrtothe Houses of Parliament if that proofed be found inconvenient.

S6

The Pirty »c-eufed rruy i h aI. lcnge 13 l’eeri nd2oComnu>n* «t$ comained in che Lifts, as the Karoesaredraw-ing by Lot in the Hicfence of the Jurinesaccotding to 1 he recited. Ad.

Prrfccntor may challrncp the same Number.

The first fi*e Peer*, ?nd he firl} seven Commissioners, whose Names shall be drawn out, and not challenged, to be, with the three Judges, appointed Special Commissioners.

Commissioners

Oath.

Jf Challenger reduce the Number to less than five Peers and seven Commoners, new Lifts to be made out.

Power of the Commissioners.

Ten Commissioners competent to «a.

C. 57. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

respectively think fit, and that the said Lifts shall, after the making of ?.ny such Order or Orders, be delivered according to the Tenor and Directions thereof reflectively; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Names of the twenty-six Peers and forty Members of the House of Commons, which shall have been so chosen by the said respective Houses of Parliament, or the Names of the twenty-six Peers and forty Members of the House of Commons, which (in case the said Lists of both or either of the Paid Houses shall happen to contain a greater Number of Members than as aforesaid, respectively) shall have been drawn by Lot, according to the Directions of the said former Act, or of such of them as shall personally appear at the Time and Place appointed, in the Manner by the said Act directed, shall be put into a Box, to be drawn by Lot, in the Presence of the Judges, to be appointed according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and of the Parties to the Information to be tried, or their Counsel or Agents: And the Person or Persons against whom the said Information shall have been exhibited shall have the Liberty, as the said Names are drawn out, to make peremptory Challenges, to tnC Number of thirteen of the Peers, and twenty of the Members of the House of Commons, whose Names shall have been put into the said Box; and his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, as the Case may happen, and a!so the Party or Parties against whom such information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid, shall respectively have Power to make Challenges to any of the Names which shall be so drawn out, and to atfign for Cause of Challenge any such Matter as, in the Opinion of the three Judges, or the Majority of them, shall appear, in their Discretion, sufficient to set aside the Person or Persons so challenged, for the Purpose of obtaining equal Justice: And the first five Names of the said Peers, and likewise the hrft seven Names of the said Members of the House of Commons, which being drawn out shall not be so challenged, or against whom no Challenge shall have been allowed, shall be returned by the said Judges to the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain, who shall cause the said five Peers and the said seven Members of the House of Commons, by their respective proper Names or 'Pities of Honour, together with the Names of the said three Judges, to be inserted in the Special Commission to be issued by virtue of the said recited Act, and of this present Act; and the Persons who shall be so named and authorised in and by the said Commission, shall appear within ten Days, at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said three Judges, and shall then and there take the following Oath, before the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for the Time being, or any one of them:

"I A.B. do swear, That, as a Commissioner appointed by his Majesty's Commission for the Trial of the u X Information now at Blue against C.D. I will diligently attend such Trial, and that I will hear and u determine the same to the best of my Judgement, according to the Evidence which shall be given.

So help me GOD.M

VI. And be it further enacted, That if, by reason of the Challenges as aforesaid, the Number of Names so drawn out as aforesaid shall be reduced to less than five Peers and seven Members of the House of Commons respectively* then, and in such Case, the said three Judges shall forthwith certify the same to the Speakers of the respective Houses of Parliament, who shall lay the same before the said Houses respectively; and the said Houses shall respectively proceed, within any of the next seven Days on which the said Houses shall respectively fit for the Dispatch of Business, to choose, nominate, and appoint twenty-six Members of the House of Lords, and forty Members of the House of Commons, after the Manner and Course aforesaid the Lists of which said respective Members, so cholen and appointed, shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown in his Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or his Deputy, and be inserted in a new Commission, to be issued in the Manner herein before and in the said former Act directed: Provided always, That no Day on which the House of Commons shall have adjourned, for Want of the Presence of a sufficient Number of Members to execute the Provisions of the several Acts passed in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, shall be accounted one of the fitting Days of the said House, for any of the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine every such Information, and to pronounce Judgement thereon according to the Eftest of the Judgement of the Common Law, upon Convictions had and obtained according to the Course of the Common Law, for Extortion or other Misdemeanor, and also to declare the Party so convicted incapable of serving the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or the said United Company, in any Capacity whatever; and such Judgement so pronounced by the said Special Commissioners as aforesaid, upon such Information, shall be good and effectual, and shall be conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes; and no Certiorari shall be granted for removing the Proceedings of the said Special Commissioners, on such Information, into any Court whatever; and the Proceedings of the said Special Commissioners shall not be imjjeached, or the Validity thereof questioned, in any Action or Suit, or other Proceeding in any Court of Law or Equity.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Powers and Authorities given arxl granted by the Lid recited Act, and by this present Act, unto the said Special Commissioners, shall and may be executed by or before any ten or more of them (of whom one of the said three Judges shall always be one); and that no Act done or executed by or before the said Commissioners, unless ten or more of the said Commissioners (of whom one of the said three Judges shall be one) shall be present at the doing or executing

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. 87

cuting thereof (save and except in the particular Cases herein after specially provided}, shall be valid or effectual; any Thing in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever the said Special Commissioners shall not Majority to de-concur in Opinion upon any Question or Matter to be decided by or before them, every such Question or termioe, and tb« Matter shall be determined by the greater Number of the said Commissioners who shall be then present, so Pre<ld-Cnt

that the Number of Commissioners then present be not less than ten as aforesaid; and if the said Commis- ac*fllD* wle# sioners shall at any Time be equally divided in Opinion, on any Question or Matter depending before them, the fud^e then fitting as Preficient (null have two Voices, or the calling Vote.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Special Commissioners shall depart this Life, or be if by Death, or excused from attending in the Manner by this Adfc directed, before the said Commission shall have been otherwise, the fully executed, so that there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners to proceed in the due Exe- Number fliruid cution of such Commission, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if all the said three

Judges shall happen to die, or be excused from attending in the Manner by this Act directed, whilst the Commission to said Commission shall be depending; then, and in either of such cases, and from thenceforth, the said Com- be made out, million, and the Forte and Effect thereof, shall cease, and a new Commission shall be awarded for hearing the Matter of such Information,'for which such former Commission was issued, and the Trial of such Information shall becin de novo; lave only and except with respect to the Examinations or Depositions of any Witnesses (if any) which shall have been taken in Writing under the said former Commission, which Examinations or Depositions shall and may be received and admitted as Evidence under such new Commission.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Special Commissioners shall severally attend in Court duringr the whole 'Dial for which they shall be appointed as aforesaid, and none of the said Commissioners shall in any-wfe absent himself from the same (except as hereafter is provided); and the said Court shall at no Time proceed in the said Trial until all the said Special Commissioners, not having obtained such Leave of Absence, or not having been excused as herein after is provided, shall be met and assembled; and if the said Special Commissioners (except as aforesaid) shall not all meet and assemble within the Space of one Hour after the Time to which they shall have adjourned, such of them as shall be then present, or the major Part of them, shall make an Order for a further Adjournment of the Trial, in which Order the Cause of such further Adjournment shall be expressed, and a Copy of such Order, signed by the Register to the said Commissioners, shall be served upon, or left at the uiual or last Place or Places of Abode of the said absent Commissioner or Commissioners respectively; and at such further adjourned Meeting the Cause of his or their Absence shall be enquired into by the Special Commissioners who shall be then present, before the said Commissioners shall proceed to any other Business; and if it shall not be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, by P'a&s specially (fated, and verified before them upon Oath (or, in the Casebf such Fa&s being verified by a Peer of the Realm, then upon his Honour), that such absent Commissioner or Commissioners was or were, by sudden Accident, or by Necessity, prevented from attending at the said former Sitting, it shall and may be lawful for the Special Commissioners then present, or the major Part of them, to pass such Censure upon such Commissioner or Commissioners who shall have been so absent as they shall think fit, and also to impose upon such Commissioner or Commissioners respectively, for such Neglect of Duty, or upon any Commissioner or Commissioners who shall depart from the said Court during the Sitting, and before an Adjournment thereof, such P ine or Fines as the said Commissioners, or the greater Number of them then present, shall think fit, so that no such P ine shall exceed the Sum of five hundred Pounds; which Fine or Fines shall be forthwith estreated by one or more of the said three Judges, into the Court of P^xchequer, and the like Process shall be awarded by the said Court of Exchequer, for levying the said P'ine or Fines for his Majesty's Use, as is usually awarded for the levying of other Pirns estreated into the said Court of Exchequer; and the said Special Commissioners shall also have foil Power and Authority to order or declare, that any Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be so cenfored, or on whom any such Fine or Fines shall be imposed, shall be disabled from acting in the further Execution of such Commission.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the greater Number of them, to grant Dave of Absence to any of the said Commissioners, upon Proof, to their Satisfaction, of Sickness or other urgent Occasion; and such of the said Commissioners who shall obtain Leave of Absence as aforesaid, and shall accordingly be absent during any Part of such Trial, shall be no longer capable of acting under such Commission 5 any Thing contained in the said former Act, or in this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, after the Trial of any Information shall have commenced and been begun by and before the said Special Commissioners, the said Commissioners shall (it every Day, Sunday, Ckri/tmas~day, and Good Friday only excepted; and the said Commissioners shall never adjourn for a longer Time than twenty-four Plours, unless a Sunday, Christmasday, or Good Friday, shall happen to intervene, in which Case their Adjournment shall not exceed twenty-four Hours, exclusive of such Sunday, Chri/ima$~day, or Good Friday: Provided also, That if the Number of the said Special Commissioners capable of acting in the Execution of such Commission, according to the Directions of this Act, fcail, by Death or otherwise, be reduced to ten, and any of such ten Commissioners shall be prevented by fedden Accident, or by Necessity, from attending such Trial, the said other Commissioners, or the greater Number of them, shall and may, at their Discretion, adjourn and suspend the Proceedings upon such Trial, from Time to Time, as Circumstances may require, so that any such Adjournment shall not exceed three Days, and the Number of such successive Adjournments shall not, in the Whole, exceed ten Adjournments y any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commissionert

to attend during the whole Trial, unless absent by Leave.

If all do not meet, the M 1-

jority present may adjourn.

Cause of Ab« fence to be enquired iato.

Absentees may be censured or fined, and disabled trora aft*' ing.

How Fines are to be levied.

Leave of Absence may be granted to Commissioners, who, however, are disqualified.

During a T<ial the Commissioners no. to adjourn for more than 24 Hours, except on Oc-cafii*ns herein specified.

88

Commissioners may appoint Clerki, &c. who map bt remof ed, #cc.

How Clerki,&c. jue to be paid*

Court of King’s Bench may issue out Warrants for apprehending Per font accused of Extortion, &c. in the East Indiei.

Parties informed against to be committed, or to find Bail.

Mode of Proceeding when Parties abscond.

C. 57. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XIV. And be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Special Commissioners to constitute and appoint such Clerks, Tipstaffs, Messengers, and other Officers, to attend upon them in the Execution of their said Commission, and to do and perform all such Matters and Things as shall be ordered or given to them in Charge by the said Commissioners, as the said Commissioners shall think fit; and such several Clerks and other Officers shall be diligently attendant upon, and subject and obedient to the said Commissioners, and may be suspended, removed, or discharged, or be punished by Fine or Fines to be imposed by the said Commissioners for any Neglect of Duty or Disobedience, at the Difi* cretion of the said Commissioners; which Fines shall be estreated into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, by one or more of the said three Judges, and shall and may be levied and recovered, for his Majesty's Ule, by the Process of the said Court; and all and every of such Clerks and other Officers shall be paid by the Parties Informant or Informants, and Defendant or Defendants, named in such Information, the same or the like Fees and Allowances as the respective Officers attendant upon his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, upon Trials of Informations for Misdemeanors prosecuted in the fifid Court are infilled to receive from the Parties thereto, respectively, according to the Stations and Duties of such Officers respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever an Information shall be exhibited in the said Court of King’s Bench, against any Person or Persons, for the Crime of Extortion, or other Misdemeanor, committed in the East Indies, in every such Case, upon a Certificate from the Coroner and Attorney of our Lord the King (commonly called The Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King’s Bench, or The Mcsler of the Crown Office in the said Court), or any or either of his sworn Clerks in the said Office, that such Information hath been filed (which Information, in case the same shall be filed when the Court of King's Bench shall not be fitting, shall be considered as filed on the last Day of the preceding Term), it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chief Justice, or any of the other Judges of the said Court, at the Instance of such Prosecutor or Prosecutors, to issue his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, directed to all Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, and other Peace Officers, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be named for that Purpose by such Prosecutor or Prosecutors, for apprehending and attaching the Party or Parties Defendant or Defendants to such Information; and if such Party or Parties shall escape or go into, reside, or be in any Place within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall and may be lawful for the Sheriff' or Steward Depute or Substitute, or any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place into which such Party or Parties shall escape or go, or in which he or they shall reside or be, to indorse his Name on the said Warrant; which Warrant so indorsed shall be a sufficient Authority to all Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, and also to all Sheriffs Officers, Stewards Officers, Constables, and other Peace Officers of the said County or Place, by the Sheriff, Steward Depute or Substitute, or Justice of the Peace whereof such Warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the said Warrant in the same County or Place, by apprehending the Party or Parties against whom such Warrant shall have been granted, and to convey and bring such Party or Parties in safe Custody before the said Court of King’s Bench, or before the Lord Chief Justice or any of the Judges of the said Court, to be further dealt with according to the Directions of the said former Act and this present Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties against whom any such Information shall be exhibited as aforesaid (not being attached), to surrender himself or themselves in the said Court of King’s Bench at any Time during the Sitting of the said Court, to be dealt with according to the Directions of the said former Act, and this present Act, or if the said Court shall not be fitting, unto the said Lord Chief Justice, or any other of the Judges of the said Court; and that when and so often as any such Party or Parties shall surrender himself or themselves out of Court as aforesaid, or shall, during any Vacation, or when the said Court shall not be fitting, be attached and brought before the said Lord Chief Justice, or other Judge, under any Warrant or Attachment issued by virtue of the said former Act, or this present Act, the said Lord Chief Justice, or other Judge, shall and may order such Party or Parties to (land committed to the Prison of the Marshalsea, or to the Power of London, or to the Gaol of Newgate, at the Discretion of the said Lord Chief Justice or other Judge, there to be detained until he or they shall be delivered by due Course of Law, or until he or they, together with two sufficient Sureties* shall have entered into a Recognizance unto the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Sum of Money, and with such Condition for his Appearance, and for submitting to the Judgement to be pronounced in and upon such Information, as the said Lord Chief Justice, or other Judge, shall, in his Discretion, order and direct: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order any Person in Custody, under the Provisions of this Act, to be from Time to Time brought up and remanded in such Manner as to the said Commissioners shall leem meet.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Party or Parties, against whom any such Information as aforesaid shall be exhibited, shall not be attached, or shall not have surrendered as afore-foid, and Proof shall be made, by any Affidavit or Affidavits, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of King’s Bench, that such Party or Parties is or are beyond the Seas, or that, upon Enquiry at his or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or last known Place or Places of Residence in Great Britain, he or they could not be found, and that there is just Ground to believe that such Party or Parties is or are gone, or doth or do continue out of the Realm, or doth or do otherwise abscond, to avoid being attached to answer the Matters charged in and by such Information; then, and in such Case, the said Court shall and may make a Rule or Order, directing and appointing such Party or Parties to surrender himself or themselves in the said Court, or to the Lord Chief Justice, or one of the other Judges of the said Court, at a certain Day in and by (rich Rule or Order to be limited and expressed, at the Discretion of the said Court; and a Copy of such Rule or Order shall, within twenty Days after the making thereof, be inserted three several Times

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57.

in the London Gazette; and another Copy of such Rule or Order shall, within the Time aforesaid, be affixed in Tome conspicuous and publick Place in the India House: And if the said Party or Parties shall not surrender himself or themselves respectively according to the Tenor of such Rule or Order, within the Time therein to be limited for that Purpose, or within such further Time as the said Court shall appoint or direct (which the said Court is hereby impowered to do, on Application being made on the Behalf of such Party or Parties, if the said Court shall fee Cause), then, on Proof being made of the Publication of such Rule or Order in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Pro-fccutor, by Rule and Leave of the said Court (which Rule and Leave the said Court is hereby impowered to grant), to cause an Appearance, and the Plea of Not guilty to be entered for such Party or Parties charged by the said Information; and the said Information shall thereupon proceed as if the Party or Parties had appeared and pleaded Not guilty thereto.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Plea of Not guilty shall be entered for the Party or Parties Defendant or Defendants to any Information, by the Prosecutor or Pro-lecutors thereof, by virtue and according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be sufficient, in order to the hearing and determining of such Information, for such Prosecutor or Prosecutors to give fourteen Days Notice of the Day appointed for the Trial thereof, by Advertisement in the London Gazette \ any Law, Usage or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Party or Parties charged by any such Information as aforesaid, shall make Default in his or their personal Appearance, at the pronouncing of Judgement, in the Matter of such Information, by and before the said Special Commissioners \ it nevertheless shall and m2y be lawful for the said Commissioners to pronounce Judgement upon such Information, in the same Manner as if the said Party or Parties was or were personally present; and every such Judgement shall be as valid, effectual, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the said Party or Panics had been personally present at the pronouncing thereof; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Party or Parties charged by any such Information shall personally appear before the said Special Commissioners, on the Hearing or Trial thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Special Commissioners, at any Time during the Course of such Trial, to order such Party or Parties to (land committed to the Prison of the Marshalsea, or to the Tower of London, or to the Gaol of Newgate, at the Discretion of the said Special Commissioners, there to be detained until Judgement shall be pronounced in the Matter of the said Information, unless he or they shall be previously delivered or discharged by the Rule or Order of the said Commissioners.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be guilty of any Contempt or Disturbance in the Court of the said Commissioners, during the fitting of the Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order such Person or Persons to be taken into Custody, by any Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners to attend the said Court, and to (band committed to the Prison of the Marshalsea, or the Gaol of Newgate, at their Discretion, to be there kept for such Time as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Judgements, which shall be made and pronounced by the said Special Commissioners, according to the Directions, and under the Authority of the said recited Act, and this prefect Act, shall, when and so soon as the said Judgements and other Proceedings shall have been delivered over, jiy the Register to the said Commissioners, to the Clerk of the Crown in the said Court of King’s Bench (otherwise called The Coroner and Attorney of our Lord the King, or the Master of the Crown Ojfcexn the said Court), in the Manner diredbed by the said former Act, be executed and enforced by the Authority of the said Court of King’s Bench, and such Proceedings to Outlawry, and other Proceedings, against the several and respective Defendants thereto, shall and may be had thereon, in the like Manner as, according to the Course and Pradbice of the said Court may be had upon Judgement made and pronounced -by the said Court; and the Judgements of the said Special Commissioners shall be final and conclusive, to sll Intents and Purposes whatever, and shall not be arrested, defeated, reversed, or avoided, or liable to be arrested, defeated, reveifed, or avoided, for or by reason or means of any Error, Defedb, or Want of f orm in any such Judgement, or in the Information whereon the same shall be given or pronounced, or in the Award of any Process thereon, or in the Record of the Issue for the Trial thereof; any Law, Statute, cr Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act, or in this present Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the Prosecutor or Projectors of any such Information as aforesaid, or the Party or Parties Defendant or Defendants thereto, of any Right, Liberty, Benefit, or Advantage, to which, by the Law of the Land, or the Rules of Practice of the Court of King’s Bench, such Prosecutor or Prosecutors, Defendant or Defendants, is or are, or would, could, or might have been intitled, upon any other Information of a like Nature, depending in the said Court of King’s Bench, before Issue in Fa6b joined therein; nor to prevent or refbrich the said Court of King’s Bench from exercising any such Power or Authority as would, could, or might have been legally-exctcifed by the said Court of King’s Bench, in the Matter of any such Information, before Iilue in Fact joined therein, if the said former Act, or this present Acb, had not been made; any Thing in the said former Act, or this present Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided aHo, and be it further enacted, That if the Party or Parties charged by any such Information as aforesaid, shall enter a Demurrer to such Information, and such Demurrer shall be over-ruled by the said Court of King’s Bench, such Party or Parties shall, within eight Days next after the said Court shall have given Judgement on such Demurrer, unless a Writ of Error shall be brought thereon, and then

z6 Geo. III. N within

89

Notice of Trial lo be given.

Judgement to be pronounced by the CommUfion* ers, though the Parties do not appear.

Parties during Trial may be committed.

Diflurbert of the Court may also be committed.

Judgements of the Commissioners to be executed by the Court of King* Bench, and Ml be final.

Thit, or the recited Act, notea deprive Persone of any Right they are intitled to by law, fisc.

Mode of Proceeding where Demurrers ire entered.

Informations may be deter-m-ntd in the Court of King’s Bench.

How Fines, fee. *re to be recovered.

Mcdecfr eccm-ing Fines from Property* in the East Indies, when the Efteltl in Britain are insufficient,

C. 57. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

within eight Days next after such Judgement shall be affirmed, or such Writ of Error shall be nonpros’d, enter the Flea of Not guilty to such Information, qry in Default thereof, the said Plea of Not guilty shall and may be entered, for and in the Name or Names of such Party or Parties, by his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor; and the said Information shall p^pceed in the like Manner as if no Demurrer had been entered thereto j any,.Law, or the Usage or Practice of the said Court, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That if his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor or Prosecutors of any such Information, shall be desirous of having the same proceeded in, tried, and determined in the said Court of King’s Bench, and shall move the said Court for that Purpose, then, and in every such Case, the said Court shall grant a Rule or Order for retaining such Information in'J( the said Court, and the said Information shall be accordingly retained by the said Court of King’s Bench, and shall be heard, tried, adjudged, and determined by the said Court of King’s Bench, in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as an Information of the like Nature would, could, or might have been proceeded in, heard, tried, and determined, in and by the said Court, in case the said former Act or this present Act had not been made* any Thing in the said former Act or this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That v/henever the Party or Parties, against whom any such Information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid, shall be adjudged to pay a Fine or Pines to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successiors; and also whenever any Recognizance or Recognizances entered into under the said former Act or this present Act shall become forfeited, the said Court of King’s Bench, or, in case the said Court shall not be then fitting, the Lord Chief Justice of the same Court, shall and may forthwith, at the Instance of his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, deliver to the Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, an Estreat of the Fine or Fines, Recognizance or Recognizances, so adjudged or become forfeited respectively as aforesaid; and the said Lord Chief Baron, or other of the said Barons, shall thereupon, at the Requisition of the said Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, awtho-rife and direct the proper Officer of the same Court to award, and such Officer shall accordingly forthwith award, under the Seal of the same Court, one or more Special Writ or Writs of Extendi facial and Capias, or other Special Process, against the said Party or Parties adjudged to pay such Fine or Fines, or the Principal or Principals, and Sureties, in such Recognizance or Recognizances respectively, and their Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, directed into such County or Counties, Cities, hlaces, or Liberties, to the proper Sheriff's or other Officers of the same respectively, for the due Execution thereof, as the said Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, shall desire or require in that Behalf; and if such Party or Parties, or such Principal or Principals, and Sureties, or any of them, shall have, or be seised or possessied of, or intitled to, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Estate, or Effects, situate, lying, or being within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or shall be jefident in that Part of the said United Kingdom, then, and in either of such Cales, his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ or, when the said Court shall not be fitting, the Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, upon a Copy or Transcript of the Eitreat of such Fine or Fines, Recognizance or Recognizances, being sent or transmitted into the same Court, or delivered to the said Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of the same Court, from and under the Seal of the Court of Exchequer in England, or under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons thereof (and which Copy or Transcript the said Court of Exchequer in England, or, when the said Court shall not be fitting, the Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of the same Court, is and are hereby required, at the Instance of his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, to fend and transmit accordingly), shall and may forthwith, at the Instance of the said Attorney General, or other Profeciitor, carry on such Proceedings, and award such and the like Process and Processes as is and are competent by the Law of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for Recovery of Debts due to the Crown.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Exchequer in England, at the Instance of his Majesty's Attorney General, or other Prosecutor, by Motion in the said Court on his or their Behalf, that such Party or Parties, Principal or Principals, or Sureties, as aforesaid, or any of them, have no Lands, Tenements, or other Estate or Effects in Great Britain, or that the same (if any) are not sufficient to answer the Sum or Sums forfeited by such Recognizance or Recognizances, or due for such Fine or Fines, respectively, and that such Party or Parties, Principal or Principals, or Sureties, or any of them, shall have or be seised or possessed or, or intitled to, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, Estate, or EiFe&s, within any of the British Possessions in the East Indies, respectively (the said Sum or Sums, Fine or Fines, not being paid and satisfied), then, and in every such Case, the said Court of Exchequer shall and may, by Rule or Order of the said Court, cause one or more Transcript or Transcripts of the Estreats of the said Recognizance or Recognizances, Fine or Fines, to be sealed with the Seal of the said Court, or to be otherwise attested, as the said Court shall direct, and the same, so sealed or attested, shall be closed up under the Seals of any two of the Barons of the said Court, directed to the Supreme Court of Judicature in Bengal, and to the Mayor’s Courts at Madras and Bombay, or to any or either of the said Courts, as the Case lnall or may require; and the same shall be delivered by the said Baroris, or one of them, to such Agent or Agents as the Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall nominate or appoint for that Purpose; which Agent or Agents (or, in the Case of his or their. Death, the Person into whole Hands the same shall come), shall deliver such Transcript or Transcripts to one of the Judges of the said Supreme Court, or Mayor’s Cour;s, respectively, as the Case may be or require, and make Oath that he or they did receive the same from the

9*

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57.

Hands of one of the said Barons (or in what other Manner the same came into his or their Hands), and that the same hath not, or have not, been opened or altered fmce he or they so respectively received the same (which Oath any of the said Judges of any of the said Courts in India are hereby authorised and required to administer); and thereupon such Transcript or Transcripts shall be filed and recorded in such of the said Courts in India to which the same shall be so directed, as the Case may require; and upon Motion to be made in such Courts or Court for that Purpose, for and on the Behalf of such Prosecutor or Prosecutors, the like Process and Proceedings shall and may, from Time to Time, be awarded and had, by and in the said Supreme Court of Judicature, and the said Mayor’s Courts at Madras and Bombay, respectively, or any or either of them, against the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Debts, Estate, and Effects of the said Party or Parties, Principal or Principals, and Sureties, within the Limits of the lu-rifdiclions of such respective Courts in the East Indies, as might or could have been awarded or had in the said Court of Exchequer in England, against the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods,

Chattels, Debts, Estates, and Effects of the same Party or Parties, Principal or Principals, or Sureties, in England; and the same shall be valid and effectual, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, That in all Cases of Informations laid Recital of Act or exhibited, by virtue of the said Act, in the Court of King’s Bench, for Misdemeanors or Offences ?V?eo'*c* *S# committed in India, it shall be lawful for the said Court to award a Writ or Writs of Mandamus to the

Chief Justice and Judges of the Supreme Court of Fort William, or the Judges of the Mayor’s Court of any of the British Settlements in India, as the Case may require, who are thereby reflectively authorised and required accordingly to hold a Court for the Examination of Witnesses, and receiving other Proofs concerning the Matters charged in such informations respectively, and that such Examination shall be then and there openly taken, and reduced into Writing, in Manner therein mentioned, and lent to his Majesty, in his Court of King’s Bench, elofed up, and under the Seals of two or more of the Judges of the said Supreme Court, and that one or more of the Judges of the said Supreme Court shall deliver the same to the Agent or Agents of the Party or Parties requiring the same, which said Agent or Agents (or,

1 in case of his or their Death, the Person into whole Hands the (lime shall come) shall deliver the same to one of the Clerks in Court of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, in the publick Office, and make Oath that he received the same from the Hands of one or more of the Judges of such Court in India (or 4 in what Manner the same came into his Hands), and that the same hath not been opened or altered since he so received the same: And whereas a Doubt may arise, whether such Examinations as may be taken 1

by the Judges of the Mayor’s Court in'any of the Britislo Settlements in India, by force and virtue of the said Act, may be lawfully sent, elofed up, under the Seals of the same Judges, and whether any one or more of the same Judges is or are impowered to deliver the same to the Agent or Agents of the Party requiring the same:’ Be it therefore enacted, That every Examination which shall or may be had or Examintfiom\t% taken by the Judges of the Mayor’s Court of any of the British Settlements in India, by force and virtue of 1'iflUto be fealtd the said Act (being reduced into Writing, as in the said Act is directed or mentioned) shall be sent to his *nd^,vc,» Majesty, in his Court of King’s Bench, elofed up, and under the Seals of two or more of the Judges of pfnfe*

the Mayor’s Court of any of the British Settlements in India, and one or more of the Judges of tin* same lo be deli.ered Court shall deliver the same to the Agent or Agents of the Party or Parties requiring the same; which find to the Clerks of Agent or Agents (or, in case of his or their Death, the Person into whose Hands the same shall come) the king’*

shall deliver the same to one of the Clerks of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench in the publick Office, BefKh* and make such or the like Oath as is in and by the said Act directed and prescribed; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as well the Servants of the said United Company, as all other person, resident of his Majesty's Subjects resident or to be resident in India, shall be,.and are hereby declared to be amen- in India amenable to the Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, and Courts of General or Quarter Sessions to ,he

of the Peace in any of the British Settlements in India, for all Murders, Felonies, Homicides, Man- Courts there* (laughters, Burglaries, Rapes of Women, Perjuries,-Confederacies, Riots, Routes, Retainings, Oppressions,

Trespasses, Wrongs, and other Misdemeanors, Offences, and Injuries whatsoever, by them done, committed, or perpetrated, or to be by them hereafter done, committed, or perpetrated in any of the Countries or Parts of Ajiay Africa, or America, beyond the Cape of Good Hope, to the Streights of Magellan, within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the said United Company, whether the same shall have been done, committed, or perpetrated, or shall hereafter be done, committed, or perpetrated against any of his Majesty's Subjects, or against any other Person or Persons whatever.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Governor or President and Council of Fort CWrnor,

Saint George, for the Time being, in their Courts of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, and Quarter of Fort Sa,nt or General Sessions of the Peace, and also the Mayor’s Court at Madras, according to their several and hVvHurHdVc!* respective Judicatures, shall have Cognizance and Jurisdiction, as well Civil as Criminal, over all British tion in all M*t-Subjects whatsoever, who now reside, or shall hereafter reside within any of the Forts, Factories, Towns, ten Civil and Lands, or Territories in the Possession of the said United Company, on the Coast of Coromandel, or in Criminal.

any other Part of the Carnatic, or in the five Northern Circars, including those Parts of the said Circars which lie within the Kingdom or Province of Orixa, or within any of the Dominions or Territories of the Sou bah of the Deckan, ihe Nabob of Arcot, or the Rajah of Tanjore.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires or directs any Per- So much of re-lon or Persons now being, or who may hereafter be, in the Service of the said United Company in India, 1*8 to Delivery to deliver any Particular or Inventory of his or their Lands, Tenements, Goods, Chattels, Debts, Secu- 0*f j,v°entoriw

N 2 rities of Effta*,

cr/ealed.

92

c. 57.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

From Jan. 1, 1787, Oftencca against the Laws for securing the

the East Indica.

Caqfet of Sci-sure may be de< lermintd in the Xaft Indict.

rities for Money, and other real and personal Estate and Propery, or as subjects any such Person or Persons to any Pain, Penalty, or Forfeiture for any Neglect or Omission therein, or for any untrue Spcciii-cation of his or their Estates or Properties, or as directs any Allowance or Reward to be made or givin to any Person making Discovery of any Estate or Property concealed, or not specified, disclosed, or de-ftribed, by any such Particular or Inventory as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXII. And whereas lundry Acts of Parliament have been heretofore made, and are now in force, for securing the whole, sole, and exclusive Trade in, to, and from the East Indies, and all Places between the Cape of Good Hope and the Streights of Magellan, to the said LJnited Company, by which said Acts,

or some of them, the Offenders against the same are made subject and liable to divers Punishments, Forfeitures, and Penalties in the said Acts respectively mentioned, which Offences may be prosecuted,

and the said Forfeitures and Penalties sued for and recovered, in some or one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: And whereas it may be necessary and proper, in certain cases, that the said Of- fences should be prosecuted, and the said Forfeitures and Penalties sued for and recovered, in the Courts of Justice in the East Indies Be it therefore enacted, That all Offences which shall be committed after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, against any Law now in force for securing the exclusive Trade in, to, and from the East Indies, and Places aforesaid, to the said United Com-

East India Trade pany, and all Forfeitures and Penalties to be incurred after the said first Day of January one thousand seven may be tried in hundred and eighty-seven, for illicitly trading or for being in the East Indies, or doing any other Act against the said Laws or Statutes, or any of them, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, or in the respective Mayor's Courts, of Fort Sair,t George and Bombay, in like Manner as the same can or may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Courts in the East Indies to pass and give the like Judgement, in such Prollcutions, Actions, and Suits, as might be passed and given, for the like Matter, Cause, or Thing, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and to carry such Judgements into Execution, and to order any Offender or Offenders, after Conviction for any such Offence, to be feVit and conveyed to Great Britain; any Thing contained in any of the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship, Vessel, Goods, Merchandize, or other Effects, shall be seized in the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the said Company's exclusive Trade, under the Authority or for the Use of the said United Company, for or by reason of any Forfeiture incurred, or suggested to have been incurred, by the Owner or Owners thereof, under any of the Laws or Statutes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Supreme Court, or either of the said Mayor’s Courts, to hear and determine the Cause of such Seizure, or any Matter of Complaint concerning the same, and to proceed to Condemnation or Restoration of the Property and Effects so seized, and to give Judgement thereon, and to carry such Judgement into Execution, in like Manner as his Majesty's Court of Exchequer could or might have done, if such Seizure had been made in any Port or Place m England\ any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas Doubts have arilen, whether such Persons resident within the Limits of the said Company’s exclusive Trade, whole Licences shall have expired, or who shall have ceasea to be employed in the Service of the said Company, are subject: to the several Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or imposed touching such Persons as shall go to, traffick, trade, or adventure in, or be or be found within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to the Prohibitions and Restrictions in the said several Acts contained;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whose Licence or Licences to go to, or trade, traffick, or relide within, the Limits aforesaid, shall have ceased and determined, or who shall have been dismissed from, or resigned the said Company’s Service, and shall be found within the Limits aforesaid after such Time as shall be allowed by the Governor and Council of the respective Presidencies in India wherein such Person or Persons shall be found, Ihftl be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be subject to all the Provisions, Regulations, Penalty, and Forfeitures by any Act or Acts made or imposed upon any Person or Persons who shall repair, fail, or go to, or traffick, trade, or adventure in, or be or be found in any Place within the Limits aforesaid, without Licence having been obtained from the said Company, or without having been in the said Company’s Service.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities in and by the said Acts, and every or any of them, given, granted, or provided, for taking, arresting, seizing, remitting, fending, or bringing to England, any Person or Persons being in the East Indies, or in the Limits or Parts aforesaid, contrary to the Provisions of the said Acts, or of this Act, and for seizing any Ships, Vessels, Goods, or Effects, made liable to Seizure by the said Company by any Law now in force, shall and may be enforced and put in Execution by, or by the Order and Authority of the Governoi; General and Council of Bengal\ or the President and Council of Fort Saint George and Bombay, respectively, or by any Resident at any other of the British Settlements in the East Indies, for the Time being, respectively, or by, or by the Order and Authority of the Company’s Council of Supercargoes for the Time being, at the Town or Fadlory of Canton, within the said Town or Fadlory, and upon the River of Canton, and by such other Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, be specially deputed and authorised for that Purpose by the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being, in the Name of the said Company.

XXXVI. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted and declared, That no Person now being in the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the Company’s exclusive Trade, and who shall not have had Notice given to him, by the Order or Authority of the said Court of Directors, or by the Governor

General

Persons whose Licences have expired, subject to the Penalties of unlicensed Perfooi.

Powenof fei*-ing, &c. unlicensed Persons and Ships may be exercised by the Governor, See, of Bengal, &c,

Persons to whon Notice to remove has not been givco, may

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57.

General and Council of Fort William* or the Governor or President and Council of Fort Saint George or Bombay, before the passing of this Act, to remove or withdraw himself from the said Parts and Limits, shall, before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be liable to be arrested, seized, or brought to England, under the Authority of this Act, on account of his going to, or trading, trafficking, residing, or being found in the East Indies* or Parts aforesaid, without Licence or other lawful Authority in that Behalf; to the Intent that every such Person may have a reasonable Time to settle and adjust his private Affairs*, any Thing in this Act, or in any other Abl, contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor General and Council of Fort William* and the Governor and Council of Fort Saint George and Bombay* and the Resident at Fort Marlborough, within their respective Presidencies or Limits, to grant Licences, in their Discretion respectively, under their Hands and Seals, to any of his Majesty's Subjects now resident in the Presidencies or Places aforesaid, for permitting such Subjects respectively, or any of them, to remain and continue to trade or reftde within the said Presidencies, or other Places aforesaid (such Person or Persons not being, by reason of his or their holding any Office or Employment, Offices or Employments, or in any other Manner, disabled, or prohibited from trading in the East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, by any Act or Acts now in force), for any Term not exceeding two Years, to be computed from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the Persons receiving such Licences first entering into the like Cove-pants as are usually entered into by Persons licensed by the said Company, or such other reasonable Covenants as shall be directed by the Court of Directors of the said Company for the Time being; and that act and every of such Licences shall be of the same Force and Eff'ebl, during the Term for which the same shall be so lawfully granted (unless the same shall be sooner revoked by the said Court of Directors, or by the Governors and Councils of the said respective Presidencies in India* who are hereby authorised, in their Discretion, to revoke and determine the same), as if such Licences had been granted under the Seal of the said Company; any Thing in this Act, or in any former Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Ablion shall be brought or commenced against the said Company, or any of their Servants, or against any Persons abling by their Authority, for the Recovery of any Costs or Damages for the unlawful taking, arresting, feifcing, imprisoning, fending, or bringing to England, of any Person or Persons found in the East Indies, or other Parts aforesaid, within the Limits of the said Company's exclusive Trade, or as not being authorised to reside or traffick there, the Defendant or Defendants to such Suit or Action shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence, for his or their Defence; and the Proof mall lie on the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, upon the Trial of the Issue, to shew that at the Time or Times of arresting or seizing such Person or Persons respectively, for the Cause aforesaid, in the Manner in which the same shall be laid or charged to have been dona, in and by the Declaration or Declarations in such Suits or Actions, the Person or Persons io arrested or seized was or were in the Military or Marine Service of the King's Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or was or were under Covenant to serve the said Company in India* or was or were duly possessed of a Licence or Licences in Writing, authorising him or them to go or reside and traffick in India* or other the said Parts and Limits, or that the Person or Persons (not being in his Majesty's Service) was or were, at the Time or Times of his or their being so seized or arrested, intitled or authorised, by the Stipulations of such Covenants or Licences respectively, to remain and continue in India, or other the Parts and Limits aforesaid; and in Failure of such Proof the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, and in such Case, or in any other Case wherein the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Suit or Action shall become nonsuited, or wherein Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or where a;Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded, to be paid by the respective Plaintiff or Plaintiff's in such Suit or Action; any Law, Statute, or Provision, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas great Difficulties, Expence, and Delay, often arise in giving Proof in Great Britain* of the Execution of Bonds, and other Deeds and Writings, executed and witnessed by Persons resident in the East Indies; and the like Difficulties, Expence, and Delay, also arise in giving Proof in the East Indies* of the Execution of Bonds and other Deeds and Writings, executed and witnessed by Persons resident in Great Britain ;' for Remedy thereof, be it enacted, That whenever any Bond, or other Deed or Writing, executed in the East Indies* and attested by any Person or Persons resident there, shall be offered in Evidence in any of the Courts of Justice in Great Britain* it shall be sufficient to prove, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that the Name or Names subscribed to such Bond, Deed, or Writing purporting to be of the Hand or Hands Writing of the Obligor or Obligors to such Bond, or of the Party or Parties to such Deed or Writing, is or are of the proper Hand Writing or Hands Writing of such Obligor or Obligors, Party or Parties, respectively, and that the Name or Names set and subscribed of the Witness or Witnesses attesting the Execution of the same, respectively, is or are of the proper Hand or Hands Writing of the Witness or Witnesses so attesting the same, and that such Witness or Witnesses is or are resident in the East Indies; and, in like Manner, all Courts of Justice in the East Indies shall admit the like Proof of the Execution of Bonds and other Deeds and Writings executed in Great Britain, and witnessed by any Person or Persons resident in Great Britain: And such Proofs shall be deemed and taken to' be as valid and sufficient Evidence of the due Execution of such Bonds, and other Deeds and Writings, as if the Witness or Witnesses thereto was or were dead.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and (bail take place and have Commencement in Great Britain, immediately after the same shall have received

93

continue in the Indies till Ja* 178*.

Governor?, See may grant Li* cences for two Years from Jan,

li 1787.

Central MTue,

Treble Cofb#

Bondi executed in (he East In-die» shall be Evidence in Britain, and con-tnriwife, on Prcof of the Hand Writing of the Partin*

[Publick Act.]

Commencement

thereof.

94 C. 58, 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

his Majesty's Royal Assent; and shall take place and have Commencement in and throughout the Eeft Indies, and Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade granted to the said Company, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-leven.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for procuring, upon Oath, Returns of all charitable Donations, for the Benefit of Poor Persons, in the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is proper that the Legislature, who are directing Inquiries into the State and Condition of the Poor, should be informed of the several charitable Donations for the Lfe and Benefit of boor Persons; which Information cannot be effectually obtained without the Aid and Assistance of Parliamem:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, LY.

Printed Copies of this Act to be transmitted to the Clerks of the Peace, to be distributed amongst the High Constables, &c. Returns made by the Ministers and Churchwardens lobe transmitted to the Cleric of the Parliaments. High Constables, or other proper Officers, to receive Acts and Schedules from the Clerks of the Peace, and deliver them to the Justices, who are to appoint a Meeting for the Attendance of Ministers and Churchwardens with Returns to the Schedule. High Constables, OY. to deliver Schedules and Copies of the Act to the Ministers, to receive (at the Meeting of the Justices) their An- fwers, and transmit them to the Clerks of the Peace. Ministers, CY. at such Meeting to give in a writ- ten Return upon Oath. Justices to receive Returns, bY. and-administer an Oath to the Minister, Cfr. Ministers, l5c. liable to Penalty for Neglect:. Act to be read at the Midsummer Quarter Sessions wherever holden, and in every Parish Church the Sunday next after July 31, 1786. Persons not making a Discovery of Lands or Money in their Hands, left for charitable Purposes, prior to Sept. 30, 1786, to forfeit a Sum equal to one Half the Value thereof, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other to his Ma-4< jessy. Fees to be allowed for each Return, viz. To the Clerk of the Peace, 1 s.; High Constable, &c. 1 s. 6d.; Justice’s Clerk, 6 d. Penalties tabe recovered by Distress, one Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other to be applied in Aid of the Rates. Persons making false Oaths liable to the Penalties of corrupt Perjury."

QUESTIONS in the SCHEDULE, to which ANSWERS are to be returned,

Question iff.—What charitable Donations have been given by Deed or Will, for the Benefit of poor Persons, within your Parish [or Place]; by whom, when, in what Manner, and for what particular rur-pose, were they given, to the best of your Knowledge, Information, and Belief?

d^ueftion 2d.—Were the said respective Donations in Land or Money; in whom are they now veiled, and what is the annual Produce thereof respectively, to the best of your Knowledge, Information, and Belief?

CAP. LIX.

An Act for repealing certain Duties now payable on Wines imported, and for granting New Duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

Recital of the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon all (Vines

*8 Geo. 2. c. 9} imported into Great Britain, and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional Duties, it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-five, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies and Impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, there should be raised, le- vied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction Inwards, or Draw- back upon the Exportation afterwards; (that is to say). For every Ton of French Wine which should be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum or eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or Idler Quantity; and also for every Ton of all other Wines imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity: And also by another Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional «. ja; an Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon au Cyder and Ferry; and for raising

the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties, it was enacted, That, from and after the thirty-first Day of Martjo one thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies

95

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

additional Duties, and other Impositions whatsoevfer, due or payable for all Wines imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the additional Impositions, Rates,

or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction Inwards, or Drawback upon Re-exportation afterwards; (that is to say), For every Ton of French Wine which should be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; and also for every Ton of all other Wines imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity: And also by another Act, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon 4 (Vines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom), it was enacted, That, from and after the twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight^over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Pound- age, and all other Subsidies, additional Duties and impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all Wines imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before landing thereof), the additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction Inwards whatsoever, or any Drawback upon Re-exportation afterwards, except as therein after was provided; (that is to say), For every Ton of French Wine which should be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds and eight Shillings, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; and also for every Ton of all other Wines imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds and four Shillings, and so after that 4«Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity: And whereas, by virtue of another Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain), an additional Impost or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, became charged upon the Produce and Amount of the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, so by the said in Part recited Acts imposed on French Wine and other Wines as aforesaid; and also by another 4 Act, made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom), it was enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies, additional Duties, and Impositions whatfb- ever, due and payable for all Wines imported into Great Britain by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (bc- fore landing thereof), the additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction Inwards whatsoever; (that is to say). For every Ton of French Wine which should be imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of eight Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or Idier Quantity; and also for every Ton of all other Wines imported into this Kingdom, the Sum of four Pounds, and so after that Rate for any greater or leller Quantity; and that the said additional Duties thereby granted should be also subject and liable to an additional Import or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, as in the said Act is mentioned: And whereas by virtue of another Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the r typed ive Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Bnta‘19), an additional Import or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, became charged upon the Produce and Amount of the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, so by the said in Part recited Acts imposed on French Wine and other Wines as aforesaid, except and exclusive of the additional Import or Duty of five Pounds per Centum, commonly called The impqft one thousand seven hundred and seventy~mne% which was granted Dy an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Ala- nagement of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain): And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties herein before particularly mentioned, and by the said in Part recited Acts imposed on French Wine and other Wines respectively as aforesaid, and allb the said additional Imports or Duties so charged as aforesaid upon the Produce and Amount there- of; and in lieu thereof to grant unto his Majesty the several Inland Duties herein after mentioned Be k therefore enacted by the Kind’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties herein before particularly mentioned, and by the said in Part recited Acte imposed on French Wine and other Wines respectively as aforesaid, and also the said additional Imports or Duties so charged as aforesaid upon the Produce and Amount thereof, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before the said filth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above all Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subsidies, Duties, and Impositions whatsoever (not repealed by this Act), due and payable for any Wine imported into Great Britain, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, the several Inland Duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say). For every Ton of French Wine, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the Sum of thirty-live Pounds fourteen Shillings, and so alter that Rate for any greater

or

Act iS Geo. j. c. 17; and

Act 19 Geo. 3. c. a5; a

Act to Geo. 3. C. 30; and'

Act 11 Geo. c. 66.

From fu!v 5. 1786. ?he idd»-lit nal Dbiict on Winrs before fpreified 10 cease.-

From July 1786, thr ft I-I twiner Du res' to be 1 aid for Winer implied j-

F« r Frencji Win'* 3 s I 14 * per Ton s

96

For other Winei,

17 I. 17 P« Ton.

Kot to extend to damaged Wines, which 3ie to be C»ld to wake Brandy, &c.

Duties to be under the Management of the Excite.

If within »o Da, actes Entry should be made of the VtiTel, according to A£V 1 j St 14 Car. z. c. 11. the Entry of the Wine be not fr.ide at the Port of Importation, ire. it may be eonteyed to the King*. Ware-house, and in three Months f«!d, if the Duties, Sec, be not paid*

How the Money arising from the Sale of Wine, it to be divided when infuffi-<ient to pay the whole of the Dutiei.

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

or leljer Quantity; and also, for every Ton of all other Wines imported into Great Britain^ the Sum of

seventeen Pounds seventeen Shillings, and so after that R.2te for any greater or letter Quantity: Provided always, Th*tf nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make chargeable with the said Duties hereby imposed, or any of them, any Wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the Merchants or Importers thereof shall refine to pay or secure the Duties, and which, by a*i Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for the Improvement of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Exc:j\ and Inland Duties), are on such Refusal directed to be received into the Custody of the proper Officers of the Customs, to be publickly fold in order to be distilled into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in England, Wales, and the Towrvof Benuick uton Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time oeing; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, within twenty Days next after the

Matter or Purser for that Voyage, of the Ship or Vessel wherein any foreign Wine shall be imported or brought into this Kingdom, shall have, or ought to have made a just anu true Entry or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents, and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in purfu.mce of the Directions of an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Majeshfs Customs), the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, of any such foreign Wine, shall make due Entry with the Collector of Excise, in the Port or Place where such Wine shall be so imported, of all such Wine, on board of such Ship or Vessel, belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, specifying in such Entry, if such Wine be French Wine, whether the same is French Red Wine, or French White Wine, and if such Wine be foreign Wine other than French Wine, whether the same is Foreign White Wine or Foreign Red Wine, not French; and shall then, and before the Landing of any such Wine, satisfy and pay the Duties by this Act imposed on such Wine, and shall also, within such twenty Days, land all such Wine; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, shall neglect or refiife to make due Entry, or to pay such Duties, or to land any such Wine within such twenty Days, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise to convey such Wine, together with the Casks, Bottles, and Packages containing the same, to his Majesty's Warehouse or Warehouses, for Security as well of the said Duties by this Act imposed on such Wine, as also all other Duties due or payable in respect of such Wine; and if as well the said Duties by this Act imposed on such Wine, as all other Duties due or payable in respect of such Wine, shall not be fully paid and satisfied within the Space of three Months from the Time such Wine shall be so conveyed to such Warehouse or Warehouses, the said respective Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland\ or the major Part of them, for the Time being (in case such Wine shall be so conveyed to such Warehouse or Warehouses by any Officer or Officers of the Customs), and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the Time being (in case such Wine shall be so conveyed to such Warehouse or Warehouses by any Officer or Officers of Excise), shall and imy cause such Wine, Casks, Bottles, and Packages to be publickly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as the said respective Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, as the Case may require, shall think proper; for and towards satisfying as well the said Duties hereby imposed on such Wine, as all other Duties due or payable in respe&of such Wine, and also the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the conveying of such Wine, Casks, Bottles, and Packages, to such Warehouse or Warehouses, and of the Keeping and Sale of such Wine, Casks, Bottles, and Packages; and if the Money arising from the Sale thereof shall be more than sufficient to pay and satisfy the Duties hereby imposed, and all the Money due or payable for the Custom Duties, for and in refuel of such Wine, together with such Costs, Charges, and Expences, the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being (in case the said respective Commissioners of the Customs, or the major Part of them respectively, shall cause such Wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respectivfc Commissioners of Excise so much of such Excess or Surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the Duties hereby imposed on such Wine; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise (in case they, or the major Part of them respectively, shall cause such Wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs so much of such Excess or Surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the Money due or payable for the Custorrt Duties for or in respect of such Wine; and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Per foil or Persons authorised to receive the same: And in case the Money arising from the Sale of the said Wine shall not be sufficient to satisfy the whole of the said Duties hereby imposed on such Wine, and all the said Custom Duties due or payable in respcvSt of such Wine, together with such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, the said respective Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, as the Case may require, shall first discharge and pay all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and shall divide the Residue of such Money into two Sums of Money, in the Proportion of three to two; and the said respective Commissioners of the Customs (in case they, or the major Part of them respectively, shall cause such Wine to be sold) shall pay over the least of such two Sums of Money to the said respective Commissioners of Excise, towards satisfying the Duties hereby imposed on such Wine; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise (in case they, or the major Part of them respectively, shall cause such Wine to be sold) shall pay over the greatest of such two Sums of Money to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs, towards satisfying the Money due or payable for the Custom Duties for or in respect of such Wine*

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. 97

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receipts of the said respective Coin- Recent* oP

missioners of Excite shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs, the Cc.mmission-for such Money as they shall so pay to the said respective Commissioners of Excise; and the Receipts of the erjS'L .^w fcid respective Receivers General of the Customs shall be a sufficient Discharge to the said respective Commissioners of Excise, for tuch Monies as they shall so pay to the said respective Receivers General; and DifcLrge». such Receipts shall tevcrally be allowed by the proper Officer or Officers, in passing the Accounts of the

laid respective Commissioners of Excite and Receivers General of the Customs.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Foreign Wine which shall be unshipped, wire lancet! landed, or delivered from or out of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, before as well the Duties hereby imposed, as beto.e ihe i>o-, all other Duties payable in respect of such Wine, shall be fully paid or secured to be paid, shall be forfeited ti(r

and loft, together with the Casks, Bottles, Jars, and Packages containing the same, and such Wine, Casks, cr~

Bottles, Jars, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; therein, &cT ro

and if any Person or Persons shall unship, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed, or forfeit treble the

delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the unshipping, landing, or delivering, from or out of any Ship, Vessel, v*,uc lile

or Boat, any Foreign Wine, before as well the said Duties hereby umposed, as all other Duties payable in WiiiC*

respect of such Wine, shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure

to be hidden or concealed, any such Wine so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or shall receive

into his, her, or their Hands, Custody, or Possession, any such Wine so unshipped, landed, or delivered as

+aforesaid, he, she, or they, knowing the same to have been so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose Treble the Value of such Wine, to be estimated according to the best and highest Rate and Price which Wine of the best Quality, of that Kind, shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Wine shall be imported or wineirought brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, from Foreign Parts, in Ship* of not in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of the Burthen of sixty Tons or under, then not only the said Wine, but also mare ,han 60 the said Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in which the same shall be so imported, with all her Guns, Furniture, Am-

munition, 'Jackie, and Apparel, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or unief* such wine Officers of the Customs or Excise: Provided always, That nothing in this ACI contained shall extend, or be for the Useot be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any Wine for being imported or brought into Great Britain, the Crew, and or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Ship, Veil'd, or Boat of the Burthen of sixty oot sr?4ter in Tons or under, or any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for having so imported or brought therein any such th.ao -

Wine (provided there be no Spirituous Liciuors on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat at the Time of such w# pccl e Importation or bringing of any such Wine), if such Wine so imported or brought shall be for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and shall not exceed the Quantity of two Gallons for each such Seaman, or in case any Spirituous Liquors shall, at the Time of such importation or bringing of any such Wine, be on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for the Use of such Seamen, and shall be Ids in Quantity than two Gallons for each such Seaman, if the Quantity of Wine and Spirituous Liquors, taken together, be not more than two Gallons in the whole for each such Seaman.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July From July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons shall deal in or fell Foreign Wine by i7*6, Wholdale Whdefale, without firtt taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in Manner herein after mentioned, before Dfzlers in °-he, she, or they shallfo deal in or fell Foreign Wine by Wholesale; and that if any such Licence shall be

taken out within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the cc^ *hich are Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being,* or of such Person or to be granted Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, shall from without Feei. Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; but if an)T such Licence shall be taken out in any Part of England or Wales, not within the said Limits, or in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts; and in case any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh^ the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotlandf or the major Part of them, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; or if any such Licence shall be taken out in any other Part of Scotland, without the said Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and Supervi-' fors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or two or more of them, respectively, and the Persons so to be appointed by them, tfr the major Part of them, respectively, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant such Licences, to the Persons who shall apply for the same, without Fee or Reward.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall deal in Licences to be Foreign Wine by Wholesale, after the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of taking out renewed an-any tuch Licence as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall take out trdh Licences, in the Man-

ner herein before directed, ten Days at least before the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of taking out such former Licence, and so in like Manner from Year to Year and that if any Persons felling Person or Persons shall deal in Foreign Wine by Wholesale, without first taking out such Licence, and Wine without* renewing the same yearly in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and x^e£l e*

26 Geo. Hi. O lose

98

One Licence

lutfic;ent for a 1‘artrtfrship in one H use. ho Lie- i*<e to utl.or>(e the Sale of Wme tn any other ti an the I lice of Entry.

Commissioneri may impower AudVuncera td fell Foreign W ine by Auction, on Proof of Duties paid. 29 Geo. 3. c. 56.

Personi taking out Licenses for retailing Foreign Wine, to be deemed V/hol:f 1. Dealers, it they ha e rot Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, &c. If they hare, to be deemed Ktrail Dealer#. Not to extend to the two Uni-Versitiet.

No Person whatsoever to sell Wine by the pint, &c. with-< uc tak ng cut a Licence.

Entry to be made of ^11 Ware-houses, &», on Penalty of icol. and Forfeiture of the Wi.»c {herein*

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

lose one hundred Pounds: Provided always, That Persons dealing in or felling Foreign Wine by Wholesale, in Partnership, and in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year for dealing in or felling Foreign Wine by Wholesale; and that no one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorise or impower any Person or Persons to deal in or fell Foreign Wine in any other Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place (other than and except on the lawful Quays upon which Inch Wine shall have been first landed, and whiift such Wine shall be openly lying on such Quays), than such Warehouses, Storehouses, P^ooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, whereof Entry in Writing shall be made at the Oilice of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, at the Time of granting such Licence.

X. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, to authorise and impower any Auctioneer, duly licensed according to an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing so much of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods, and other Things sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds, and other Injh umentsj as relates io the Method of granting Licences to Audi oncers and to the colliding the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Audio):, to sell by Auction, and for such Auctioneer, so authorised and impowered, accordingly to sell by Auction, any Foreign Wine, if it be first proved to the Paid respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that all the Duties due or payable in respect of such Foreign Wine have been fully paid, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them; and such Auctioneer, so authoris'd and impowered, shall not be liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Sale.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Licence for retailing of Foreign Wine shall be granted, and who shall not take out either a Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, shall be deemed and taken to be a Dealer or Dealers in Foreign Wine by Wholesale, within the Meaning of this Act; and if any Wine, either Foreign Wine, or by the Person or Persons dealing in or felling the same, pretended to be Foreign Wine, shall at any Time be sold by any such Person or Persons, such Sale shall be deemed and taken to be a dealing in and felling Foreign Wine by Wholesale, within the Meaning of this Act ? and that all and every Person and Persons having a Licence granted to him, her, or them, either for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, or for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, shall be deemed and taken to be a Dealer or Dealers in Foreign Wine by Retail, within the Meaning of this Act: Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, or either of them, nor to the Chancellors or Scholars of the same, or their Successors; but that they may use and enjoy such Privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall extend to be prejudicial to the Master, Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London, or to any other City or Town Corporate; but that they may use and enjoy such Liberties and Privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed: Provided nevertheless, That no Person who shall be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company of Vintners of the City of London by Redemption only, shall be exempted from the Obligation of taking out a Licence for felling or uttering Wine by Retail, but that the Freemen only of the said Company who have been already admitted to their Freedom, or who shall be admitted to their Freedom in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, shall be intitled to such Exemption: Provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall in any wise extend to debar or hinder the Mayor or Burgesses of the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, or their Successors, from enjoying, using, and exercising all such Liberties, Powers, and Authorities to them heretofore granted, by several Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for the erecting, appointing, and licensing of three several Wine Taverns within the Borough aforesaid, for and towards the Maintenance of the Free School there; but that the same Liberties, Powers, and Authorities shall be and are hereby established and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said Mayor and Burgeflls, and their Successors, to and for the charitable Use aforesaid, and according to the Tenor of the Letters Patent aforesaid, as though this Act had never been made; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, and be it declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Person or Persons who shall fell or utter any Kind of Wine or Wines, or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, by the Pint, Quart, Pottle, or Gallon, or by any other greater or less Measure, or in Bottles in any less Quantity than shall be equal to the Measure of the Cask or Vessel in which the same shall have been, or may lawfully be imported, from taking out a Licence for retailing Wine in such and the same Manner as they now are by Law required, and as if this Act had never been made.

X1L And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dealers in, and Sellers of Foreign Wine shall make true and particular Entry in Writing of all Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the keeping of Wine for Sale, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof such respective Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, shall be situated, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which shall be so made use of by any such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, without having made such Entry

as

99

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

as aforesaid, together with all Wine that shall be found therein, and also the Casks, Jars, Bottles, Vessels, and Packages whatsoever, containing such Wine: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, cr be deemed or construed to extend, to make any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Seilers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, liable to the said Penalty of one hundred Pounds, for or by reason of any Sale of any Foreign Wine, whilst the same shall be lying openly on the lawful Quays on which luc.a Wine shall have been first landed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Entry shall be made by any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, of any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, for the keeping of Wine for Sale, no other Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Wine, not being in Partnership with such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, making feicli first Entry, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, make Entry of the same, or of any other Warehouse, Store-house, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place whatsoever, within the same House or Tenement rn which such first Entry shall then be existing; but every such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, making such further Entry of the same, or any other such Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, in such same House or Tenement, shall not with (binding such further Entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a Dealer in Foreign Wine without Entry, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Dealers in Foreign Wine without Entry are subject unto by virtue of this Act

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Dealer and Dealers in, and Seller and Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible Characters, over the outer Door, or in the Front or on some conspicuous Part of each and every House, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, and other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the keeping of Foreign Wine for Sale, the Words Dealer in Foreign Wine, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such House, Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place which shall be so made use of by any such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine respectively, without having the said Words painted or written as is hereby directed, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, other than such as shall have duly made Entry at the proper Offices of Excise of the Places by them reflectively made use of for keening Foreign Wine for Sale, shall paint or write, or cause to be painted or written, over the Door, or in the Front of any Place to them respectively belonging, the Words Dealer in Foreign Wine, every Person and Persons respectively offending therein shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures to which Persons felling of, or% dealing in Foreign Wine, without Entry, are subjected to by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dealers in, and Sellers ofe Foreign Wine, shall, on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or within three Days then next ensuing, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the Office of Excise within the Limits whereof their respective Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, by him, her, or them made use of for keeping Wine for Sale, shall be situated, a just, true, and particular Account in Writing of the Quantity of all the Foreign Wines which shall, on the said fifth Day of July, be or have been in the Custody or Possession of any such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, distinguishing such Foreign Wines from each other^ according to the true Denominations thereof, under the following Descriptions of French Red Wine, and French White Wine, in case the same be French Wine, and of Foreign Red Wine not French, and Foreign White Wine not French, in case the same shall be Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Account, all such Foreign Wine whereof no such Account shall be so delivered, together with the Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages, containing the same; and such Foreign Wine, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages, so forfeited, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; ail Wine in Bottles to be so accounted for without expressing the Number of Gallons which they contain.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times, by Day and by Night, upon his or their Request (but if in the Night, in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace), to enter into all and every of the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Sfeops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places made use of by any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, whether by Wholesale or by Retail, for keeping Wine, and by tailing, gauging, or other wise, to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all the Wine and other Liquors which shall at any Time be in his, her, their, or any of their Custody, in Cask, or in any Vessel or Vessels except Bottles; and also to take an Account of the Wine or other Liquors which shall at any Time be in his, her, or their Custody, in Bottles, in any other Manner than by tasting the same, or by uncorking or opening the Bottles containing such Wine.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to lake, at any Time or Times, a Sample or Samples of foreign Wine, whether in Bottles or in Cask, or In any other Vessel or Vessels, paying for the same, for every Quart of Wine, the usual Free thereof; and in case any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, or any Workman or Servant to him, her, or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the same after the Rate aforesaid, or shall any wife obstruct

Exception,

Persons

Entry Of IVl

alif^dy raft red, tr> be deem d

Dealers without Eotij, dec.

Every Plice f'r keeping or felling Wine must have thereonthe Words Dci’.er i* Foreign JfW, on Penalty of 50 i.

Person* Pitting those Words on unentered Places, to forfeit too i. 6cc.

An Account of the Wine in Store on July 1786, to be delivered at the next Office of Excise, within three Days, or the same to be forfeited*

Officers may,

t all Times, enter Warehouse', &c. to take an Account of Stock.

Officers to be p rmitied »o take ’‘a-oplet o« paying for the ft me, on Penalty of tool*

IOO

Th* Qu ality and Qj n it\ of W nr to be tr.a kcd on all Vefld% containing fpor<? than thr-r Gallons, or to be loifeited.

Colics and Place* for keeping Wine to be fhrwn to the C-ffner, or the Wine to be forfeited.

Ktaiki on Casks, ScC. made by the Officer, not to be defaced, on Penalty of 50 1.

No Bin, frc. containing more than 3 Gallons, to be erected, enlarged, or used, without No ice being £i»en to the Excise, on Penalty of 501»

'Notice to be gi-\en of an Intention to draw off Wine, with the fjnantity, that the Officer may attend; and Declaration to be irude of the Phce where it is to be depefited.

No Wine to be removed without Notice,

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

or hinder him or them in taking such Sample or Samples, such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers ofy Foreign Wine, shall, for each and every Inch Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dealers in and* Sellers of Foreign Wine, who shall have or receive into their Custody any Foreign Wine, shall, from Time to Time, distinctly mark in the most conspicuous Part of each and every Cask, Jar, Bottle, and other Vessel capable of containing above the Quantity of three Gallons, and in which they shall keep any Foreign Wine, the Number of Gallons which such Cask, Jar, Bottle, and other Vessel is capable of containing, and also the Sort of such Wine then kept or contained therein, specitying, if it be French Wine, whether the same is French Red Wine cr French White Wine; and, if the same be Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, whether the same is Foreign Red Wine or Foreign White Wine, on Pain of forfeiting such Wine as shall at any Time be kept or contained in any such Cask, Jar, Bottle, and other Vessel, together with such Cask, Jar, Bottle, and other Vessel containing such Wine; and all such Wine, together with such Cask, Jar, Bottle, or other Vessel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, is and are hereby required to shew to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, each and every Cask, Veiled, and Utensil capable of containing above the Quantity of three Gallons, and every Bin, or other Place, in which he, she, or they shall keep any Foreign Wine, on Pain of forfeiting all such Wine as shall at any Time be found in any such Cask, Vessel, Utensil, and Bin, or other Place, uled for keeping of Wine, which has not been lo shewn to such Officer as aforesaid, together with such Cask, Vessel, or Utensil; and such Cask, Vessel, or Utensil, so forfeited, together with such Wine found therein, shall apd may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Officer shall mark such Casks, Vessel, Utensils, Bins, or odier Place, u fed for keeping of Wine, so shewn to him, or any or either of them, with a particular, diltin£f, and durable Mark; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time alter any such Bin, Cask, Vessel, or Utensil, shall have been so marked by such Officer as aforesaid, rub out or deface any such Mark so fixed upon any such Cask, Vessel, Utensil, or Bin, or other Place, uied for keeping of Wine, by such Officer as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine shall, without Notice first thereof given at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof his, her, or their respective Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places shall be situated, eredfc or set up any Vessel, Utensil, or other Convenience for keeping or containing Wine, and capable of containing above the Quantity of three Gallons, or alter or enlarge any Bin, Vessel, or Utensil for keeping or containing Wine, and capable of containing above the*Quantity of three Gallons, which is already erected or set up, or shall hereafter be erected or set up, or shall have or keep any Bin, Vessel, or Utensil for keeping or containing Wine, and capable of containing above the Quantity of three Gallons, other than such as are openly kept and used in his, her, or their entered Warehouse, Storehouse* Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place made use of by him, her, or them for keeping of Foreign Wine, and discovered and known to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall then be, on Pain to forfeit and lose, for every such Bin, Vessel, or Utensil so eredfed or set up, or hereafter to be erected or set up, or altered or enlarged, or kept, without such Notice given as aforesaid, or without being so discovered and known, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Dealer and Dealers in, and Seller and Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to drawoff or bottle any Foreign Wine, give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall then be, six Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing, in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention to draw off or bottle any Foreign Wine, and of the Time when, and the particular Warehouse, Store-house. Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, in which such Foreign Wine is intended to be drawn off or bottled, and the Quantity thereof, and into how many Casks, Bottles, or other Vessels the same is in-' tended to be drawn off or bottled; and if such Wine, so intended to be drawn off or bottled, be French Wine*, whether the same is French Red Wine or French White Wine; or, if such Wine, so intended to be drawn off or bottled, be not French Wine, whether the same is Foreign Red Wine, not trench, or Foreign White Wine, not French, and from what particular Cask or other Vessel, or Casks or other Vessels, such Wine is so intended to be drawn off or bottled; and such Officer shall, if he shall deem it expedient so to do, attend to fee such Foreign Wine drawn off or bottled, and the same shall be drawn off or bottled in the Presence of such Officer, if he shall attend pursuant to such Notice; and such Wine shall also be packed or piied in the Prefehce of the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall then be, or, in Default of the same being packed or piled in the Presence of such Officer, such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall, immediately upon such Wine being drawn off or bottled as aforesaid, or in case thfc Officer shall not be then present,* then upon such Officer's next Survey, make to such Officer a Declaration. into what particular Bin, or in what particular Part of his Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars* Vaults, or other entered Places, such Wine is intended to be, or shall have been, packed, piled, or deposited, and when such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, intends or intend to pack, pile, or deposit the same, according to such Declaration, and such Wine shall be piled or deposited according to such Declaration; and no Foreign Wine shall be removed from the Bin or Place in which the same shall be packed* piled, or deposited, according to the Directions of this Act, into any other Bin or Place, in any such Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other entered Places, before such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have given to such Officer six Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits

ior

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

of the said Chief Office, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing, in other Places in Great Britain^ of his, her, or their Intention so to remove the same, and of the particular Bin or Place, in any such Warehotifcs, Store-houses Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other entered Places, to which the same is intended so to be removed; and it any such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or SeWers of, Foreign Wine, shall begin to draw off or bottle any such*foreign Wine, without giving such Notice as is in that Behalf herein before directed to be given, or, in Default of such Wine being packed or piled in the Presence of such Officer as aforesaid, shall neglect to make such Declaration as aforesaid, or to pack, pile, or deposit such Wine according to such Declaration, or shall remove any Foreign Wine from the bin or Place in which the same shall be packed, piled, or deposited, according to the Directions of this Act, into any other Bin or Part of any such Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other entered Places, without giving Inch Notice as is in that Behalf herein before directed to be given, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to make any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds, for or by reason of his drawing off or bottling any Foreign Wine into a Number of Bottles more or less, by a small Quantity, than shall be specified, in such Notice herein before directed to be given, as the Number of Bottles into which such Wine was intended to be drawn oft or bottled: Provided also, That if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, so intending to draw off or bottle such Foreign Wine, shall not begin and proceed to draw off 01 bottle such \Vineat the Time mentioned in such Notice in that Behalf herein before directed, or within one Hour after such Time, then such Notice shall be void, and such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seilers, so intending to draw off or bottle such Wine, shall give a fresh Notice to such Officer or Officers of the Time when, and the particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place in which such Wine is intended to be drawn off or bottled, and the Quantity thereof, and into how many Casks, Bottles, Jars, or other Vessels, the same is intended to be drawn off or bottled; and, if such Wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled be French Wine, whether the same is French Red Wine, or French White Wine, or, if such Wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled be not French Wine, whether the same is Foreign Red Wine or Foreign White Wine, and from what particular Cask, Jar, or other Vessel, Qafks, Jars, or other Vessels, such Wine is so intended to be drawn off or bottled: Provided always, nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to make it unlawful to or for any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, to draw oft' or bottle any Foreign Wine, at his, her, or their free Will and Pleasure, for the Purpose of immediately lending out the same, without giving such Notice to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, Inal] then be, of his, her, or their Intention to draw off or bottle such Foreign Wine; but that it Shall and may be lawful to and for any such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, to draw off'or bottle any Foreign Wine, at his, her, or their free Will and Pleasure, for the Purpose of immediately fending out the same, without giving such Notice to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, mall then be, of his, her, or their Intention to drawoff or bottle such Foreign Wine, without being liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds for drawing oft' or bottling such Foreign Wine without giving such Notice as is herein before directed to be given; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Dealer and Dealers in, and Seller and Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall keep all French Red Wine, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Utensils, Piles, Parcels, and Divisions, from all other Wine; and shall also, in like Manner, keep all French White Wine, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Utensils, Piles, Parcels, and Divisions, from all other Wine; and shall also, in like Manner, keep all Foreign Red Wine (other than French Wine) in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Utensils, Piles, Parcels, and Divisions, from all other Wine; and shall also, in like Manner, keep all Foreign White Wine (other than French Wine) in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, separate and apart, and in separate Bins, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, Utensils, Piles, Parcels, and Divisions, from all other Wine, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, ihe Sum of fifty Pounds,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Dealers in, and Sellers of, Foreign Wme, otherwise than by Wholesale, who shall have or receive into his, her, or their Custody, any Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, or other Liquors, shall keep the same separate and apart from Foreign Wine, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, or other Liquors, which shall not be so kept separate and apart from Foreign Wine, together with all such Foreign Wine, Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, and other Liquors, and the Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and other Packages containing the same; and such Foreign Wme, Cyder, Spirituous Liquors, and other Liquors, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any British-made Wine or Sweets, on Pain of forfeiting all such British-made Wine or Sweets winch shall be at any Time found in the Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seilers, and aiib the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of such British Wine or Sweets, and so in proportion for any greater or Iefler Quantity: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent any Deafer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, from having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or from felling, at any Time before the first Day of December one thousand Icven

Penalty On bottling Wine, without giving due Notice.

rfrfons not liable to Penalty for a small Difference in the Number of Bottles drawn off, and in the Notice.

If Wine be not begun so be bor-lltd off. within an Hour after the Time mentioned, she Notice to be void.

Wine may be drawn off" ar any Time to b®* sent out immediately.

Different Sort*, of Wines to be kep* separate, on Penalty of 100J*.

Penalty on Retail Ota lei» not-keeping Cjder, &c. in separate / Places fr im Fo-. rcijjn Wines.

Dealer* in Foreign Wine not to have Swre s in their P 'ffeffi n, < a Finally of for-fei ure, &c. but hot to ex-cnc ro the (Tiantuy in Hand, on July 5^. 1786,which may be fold before.

Dec* 1, 1786,

U

102

An Account to be kept of the Qjdniiiy of Vine daily fold.

The Quanthy of thrre Gallon* Hot to be removed without a Permit,

£ntty Books to be provided b? the Hxcifr-, and when tilled up, to be returned to the Officer, verified oo Oath,

Entry Books to

lie open for the Inspedioo of the Officer.

Penalty on not k-cpiag Bocks, &c.

If an Excefc in a Stock of W ine be found, it is forfeited, and also dcuble its Value.

Kot to extend to »n Excess occa-ffi ned by receiving VK ioc from any lawful Quay.

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

hundred and eighty-six, any British-made Wines or Sweets, which he, she, or they, shall really and bona fide, have in Ins, her, or their Custody or Possession, at the 1'itne of the Delivery of such Account of the Quantity of the Foreign Wines in the Custody or Foilellion of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, at the Excise Office, as is herein before directed.

XXVI. And, for the better ascertaining the Quantities of Foreign Wine which shall from Time to Time c be sold by Dealers in, and Sellers of Foreign Wine,’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Dealers in, and Sellers of, Foreign Wine, shall from Time to Time keep an Account of all Foreign Wine which they, or any of them reflectively, shall lell, send out, or consume in each Day, in small Quantities under three Gallons, expressing the Number of Gallons or Bottles so lent out or consumed; and shall every Day enter into a Book, to be kept for that Pu'rpoie, an Account of the gross Quantities of the said F oreign Wine which have been by him, her, or them respectively so loid, sent out, or consumed, in the preceding Day, in small Quantities under three Gallons; and such Dealers in, or Seilers of Foreign Wine, shall also keep one other Book, wherein they shall respectively enter each Parcel of Foreign Wine of the Quantity of three Gallons or more, which they shall respectively (ell or send out in each Day, expressing the Number of Gallons or Bottles so fold or sent out; which said Parcels of Fore gn Wine, of the Quantity of three Gallons or more, shall not be removed out of the respective Sellers Custody without a Permit, signed by the proper Officer or Officers of Excile, expressing the Quantity of all such Foreign W ines, distinguishing in such Permit such Foreign Wines from each other, according to the Denominations thereof specibed in the Request Note, according to the Directions of this Act, and expressing the Name and Names of the Person or Persons so leliing or lending out, and of the Person or Persons to whom the same is intended to be sent, and the Place to which the same is intended to be carried, and that the Duties by this Act charged on such Foreign Wines were paid, or that the said Foreign Wines were condemned as forfeited, or were Part of the Stock in Hand of Tome Person or Persons, expressing his, her, or their Name or Names, of which an Account had been taken in pursuance of this Act; which laid Books shall be, and are hereby directed to be prepared for the making 1’uch Entries as aforesaid, and delivered, upon Demand, unto such Dealers in, and Sellers of, Foreign Wine respectively, by the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons 2s they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall for that Purpose direct and appoint: Provided always, That no such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have in his, her, or their Custody more than one such Book of each Sort at a Time, and when the said Books in their Custody shall be filled up, the same shall from Time to Time be federally returned to the reljiective Officers from whom the same was respectively received, and the Truth of the Entries made therein shall be verified upon the Oath of such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants who kept the same, and made the Entries therein, according to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief (which Oath such respective Officers are hereby authorised to administer), and one or more new Book or Books shall thereupon be delivered to such respective Dealers in, or Sellers of Foreign Wine, in the Room of such Book or Books so returned, and so toties quoties, as often as such Book or Books shall be filled up with such Entries; which said Books, (okept by such respective Dealers or Sellers, shall from Time to Time lie open to be perused by the Officer of Ex-cife under whose Survey such respective Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine shall then be, the better to enable them to keep their Stocks of the Increase and Decrease of such Foreign Wine; and that such Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine shall, immediately upon every Request of the Officer of Excise under whole Survey such respective Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine shall then be, fill up such Book and Books respectively with the Quantities by them fold in each Day: Provided always, That if any such Dealer or Dealers, Seller or Sellers, shall neglect or refuse to keep such Books, and make such Entries therein, or to permit the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whole Survey such respective Dealers or Sellers shall then be, to inspect them, or not return the said Books, or net Till up such Bocks on Request as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall make any false Entry in such Book or Books, he, she, or they shall, for every such Ode nee, forfeit and lose the Sum oFtwenty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any Time or Times discover or find, that the Quantity of French Red Wine, French White Wine, F oreign Red Wine (other than French Red Wine), or Foreign White Wine (other than French White Wine), in the Stock of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, added to the Quantity for which Permits shall have been granted since the last Account was taken of such Stock, and also to the Quantity or Quantities fold, sent out, or consumed in small Quantities under three Gallons since such last Account was taken, and for which proper Entries shall appear to be made in the Book herein before directed to be kept for entering therein such Wine as shall be (old, consumed, or sent out in small Quantities under three Gallons, according to the Directions of this Act, exceeds the Stock left in Hand on the raking of such last Account, added to the Quantity of such Wine since received by Permit, the Quantity of Wine io found in Excels, by whatever Liquor the Tame shall have been made, and whether the same shall heir, xed or mingled, or unmixed or un.ningled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by Foreign Wine for which no Duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, w.incut Permit; and a Quantity equal to the Quantity of Wine To found in Excels_Oiall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be lei zed and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover the same, from and out of the said Stock or Stocks in which such Quantity of Wine shall be so found in Excels, and the Pei fan or Persons in whole Stock such Quantity of W ine lo found in Excels shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit Double the Value of the Quantity of Wrine so found in Excels.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or con ft rued to extend, to forfeit any Part of such Stock or Stocks, or to make any Person or Persons li-ble 10 the said Penalty of Double the Value of such Wine (o found in Excess, for or by reason of

any

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

any such Quantity of Wine found in Excess, if such Excess shall a rife and be occasioned wholly from Wine wmch shall have been lawfully received into such Mock, since such last Account was taken, directly from any lawful Quay or Quays on which the same shall have been first landed, and shall not exceed the Importation Gage of such Wine more than two Gallons upon each Ton thereof; and if such W ine shall also then be and continue in the original Cask, Veiled, or Package in which the same was imported, and no Fait thereof drawn off or taken out from such Cask, Veiled, or Package; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cycler, Sweets, British-mz&e Wine, Mead, Spiritifous Liquors, and other Liquors whatsoever, which at any Time shall be found in the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale, entered for the keeping or felling Wine, shall be deemed and taken to be Foreign Wine, within the Meaning of this Adf, of the same Sort and Denomination as the Wine with which the same shall be kept, or if kept separate from any Wine, then the same shall be deemed and taken to be French Red Wine.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, shall have Occasion to remove Uich Wine from any such entered Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, the Officer or Officers of Excise of the respective Divisions or Places where such entered Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, shall be situated, shall, without Fee or Reward, from Time to Time, upon a Request Note being made and delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, grant and give a Permit in Writing, signed by the said respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantity of all such Wine so to be removed, distinguishing in such Permit such Foreign Wines from each other, according to the Denominations thereof speciried in the Request Note, according to the Directions of this Act, and expressing the Name and Names of the Person or Persons from whom the same is intended to be removed, and to whom the same is to be removed, and that the Duty of such Wine, so intended to be removed, has been paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was Part of the Stock of some Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, of which an Account has been delivered at the Office of Excise pursuant to this Act; and all Officers of Excise, granting or giving such Permits, shall limit and expre(s, in such Permits, the Time within which the said Wine, in such Permits mentioned, shall be removed from and out of the Stock of the Persons taking out such Permits, and also the Time within which the said Wine shall be delivered and received into the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, of the Person or Persons respectively to whom the same is so permitted to be sent.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Permit for the Removal t>f any Foreign Wine shall be granted, or he valid, unless such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, requiring the same, shall make and fend, or deliver, to the Officer or Officers of Excise hereby authorised to grant such Permit, a Request Note, in Writing, specifying the Name of the Person to whom such Wine is intended to be sent, the Quantity of each Sort of such Foreign Wine intended to be removed, and for the Removal of which such Permit is required, and, if such Wine be French Wine, whether the same is French Red Wine or French White Wine, or, in case such Wine is not French Wine, whether the same is Foreign Red Wine not French, or Foreign White Wine not French, and also the Number and Contents of the Casks, Bottles, Jars, or Vessels containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance such Wine is intended to be sent; and all such Wine, which shall be removed under a Description not conformable to this Act, or under a false Description, together with the Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and other Packages containing the same, and the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Boats, Barges, and other Carriages used in the Removal or Carriage thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wine shall be brought into any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, made use of by any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, without an authentick Permit, granted and given according to the Directions of this Act, which Permit shall be produced to and left with the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall then be, on Pain of forfeiting all such Wine so brought in without such Permit, together with the Casks,' Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages containing the same, and such Wine, with the Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages containing the same, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons, not being a Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine, either by Wholesale or by Retail, shall have Occasion to remove any Foreign Wine from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer or Officers of Excite of the respective Divisions or Districts in which the Place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed shall be situate, upon such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their known Servant or Servants, proving to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or of the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or Diiirict in which the Place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed is situate, that all the Duties for such Wine have been fully paid, and upon a Request Note, in Writing, made and sent, or delivered, to such Officer or Officers of Excise authorised to grant a Permit thereupon, under and by virtue of this Act, specifying the Quantity of each Sort of such Foreign Wine intended to be removed, and for the Removal of which such Permit is required, and, if such Wine be French Wine, whether the same is French Red Wine, or French

103

Cyder, fcc. found in the PoflciTmn of a Wholesale D«.iU er, to be drem* eJ Foreign Wme»

Permit! to be given without Fee.

Permit not to be granted unless the Request contains the Quantity to be removed, Sac.

Wine removed C mtiary t»this Act feiiible.

&c«

Wine brought int a Ware-houfr, Stc. with* out a Permit to be forfeited,

Permit; to be granted for the Rt 7 oval of Wine bel' nging to private IVrson$, but i f noved comiaif hc:eto, lurleiito#

ip4

Wine exceeding three Gallons, forfeited, it feu no removing uiihout Permit.

Wine removed, and not delivei-ed in Time limited, to be deemed ?s removing without a Permitj

but ftxh Wine ihal) be restored, on a Recognisance being entered into, to prove it could rot be delivered in lime.

If Wine be net lent away by V. hol-fsle Dealers agreeable to Perrrrs, rhey mud be returned, on Penalty of Trccle the Value!

C. 59. Anno \icesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

White Wine, or, in case such Wine is not French Wine, whether the same is Foreign Red Wine not facKcb, or Foreign White Wine not French, and also the Numoer and Contents of the Dalles, Bottles, jars, or Vessels containing the same, and like wife whttner the same is to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance such Wine is intended to be lent, to give and grant, without Fee or Reward, a Permit or Permits in Writing, ligned by such Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantity of such Wine lo to be removed, distinguishing in such Permit such Foreign Wines from each other, according to the Denominations thereof specified in such Request Note, according to the Directions of this Act, and expressing the Name and Names of the Person or Persons from whom the same is intended to be removed, and to whom the same is to be removed, and that the Duty of such W ine, lo intended to be removed, has been paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was Part of the Stock of some Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine by Whole fide, of which an Account has been dedivered at the Office of Dxcile, pursuant to this Act; and all Officers of Excise, graining or giving such Permit or Permits, iliad limit and exprds therein the Time within which such Wine, in such Permit or Permits mentioned, shall be removed from and out of the Possession of the Persons taking out such Permit of Permits, and also the Time within which such Wine shall be delivered and received into the Possession of the Person or Persons respectively to whom the same is lo permitted to be lent; and all such Foreign Wine, which shall be removed under a Description not conformable to this Act, or under a bile Description, together with the Casks, Lotties, Jars, Velieis, and other Packages containing the same, and the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Boats, Barges, and other Carriages uled in the Removal or Carriage thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Foreign Wine exceeding the Quantity of three Gallons, shall be removed or carried trom any Part of this Kingdom to another, by Land or by Water, without being accompanied with a proper hermit from some or one of the Officers of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, on Fain ol forfeiting the Wine which shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried from one Part of this Kingdom to another, without such Permit as aforesaid, together* with the Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels, and Packages containing the same, and the Horses, Cattle, Boats, Barges, and other Carriages, used in such Removal or Carriage thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Wine mentioned or Specified in any such Permit, shall be removed or feat away from or out of the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, of the Pei foil or Persons to whom any such Permit shall be granted, within the Time expressed and limited therein, and such Wine shall not, within the Time limited and expressed in such Permit, be actually delivered and received into the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places of the Person or Persons to whom the same is by such Permit authored to be sent, then, and in every such Case, all such Wine, so removed or sent away as aforesaid, Stall be deemed and t2ken to be Wine removed without Permit, unless it be proved to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners of Fxcile, that such Wine, through unavoidable Accident, could not have been so delivered and received.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Wine, Casks, Bottles, Jar?, Vessels, or Packages, shall be seized as forfeited, under and by virtue of the next preceding Clause, the same shall be restored and delivered up without Delay by the Officer or Officers seizing the same, to the Person or Persons having the Charge or Custody thereof at the Time of such Seizure, if such Person or Persons shall and do before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Seizure shall be made, enter into a Recognizance, with one or more other sufficient Surety to be approved of by such Justice of the Peace, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Double the Value of such Seizure (which Recognizance such Justice is hereby authorised and required to take), with Condition to prove, within one Month then next ensuing, to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners of Excise, that such Wine, through unavoidable Accident, could not have been so delivered and received, and upon such Recognizance being entered into, such Justice of the Peace shall certify, upon the Back of the Permit accompanying such Wine, that a Recognizance has been entered into in pursuance of this Act, and shall also, by Indorsement on such Permit, allow such further Lime, as to him shall seem meet, for such Wine to be delivered and received into the Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places of the Person or Persons to whom the same was by such Permit authorised to be lent, and such Indorsement shall, during such further Time, be of the same Force and Effect as a Permit granted according to the Directions of this Act; and such Justice shall, and he is hereby requised forthwith to transmit every such Recognizance to the King’s Remembrancer in the Courts of Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Permit or Permits shall be granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, to any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, for the Removal of any Foreign Wine from one Place to another, and if, within the Times limited in such Permit or Permits reflectively for that Purpose, such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, to or for whom such Permit or Permits shall be so granted, shall not either actually and really fend away all the Wine /by such Permit or Permits authorised to be sent away pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of such Permit or Permits, or, in Default of so lending away such Wine, shall not, before the Expiration of the Time limited in and by such Permit and Permits respectively, return such Permit and Permits to the Officer or Officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective Case and cases, such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Seller*, to whom such Permit or Permits, or for whose life such Permit or Permits shall have been granted, shall for every Gallon of such Wine mentioned in such Permit or Permits, and not removed according to the Purport thereof, forfeit and lose Treble the Value of such Wine, to be estimated according

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

to the best and highest Rate and Price which Wine of the heft Quality of that Kind shall fell for in London at the Time when inch Forfeiture shall be incurred; and if such Permit or Permits are not so returned as aforesaid, and in case, upon taking an Account, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the Stock of Foreign Wine remaining in the Hands or Custody of the Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, from or out of whose Stock. the Wine mentioned in such Permit or Permits as aforesaid 31c thereby authorised to be removed, there shall not appear a sufficient Decrease to answer the Removal of the Wine mentioned in such Permit or Permits as aforesaid, respectively, then and in such Case the respective Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, from or out of whose Stock such Wine mentioned in the said Permit or Permits shall be authorised to be removed, shall forfeit and loie the like Quantities of Wine’ so permitted to be removed, and not removed according to such Permission, to be seized and taken by the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, out of any Foreign Wine of the Denomination griven in such Permit or Permits to the Wine 1o authorised to be removed, and then in the Custody or Possession of the Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, forfeiting the lame; and if such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall not then have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, such like Quantity of Wine of that Denomination, then and in such Case such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Permit or Permits, for the Removal of any Foreign Wine from one Place to another, shall be granted by any Officer or Officers of ixcise, to any Person, other than a Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wildest or Retail, and if within the Times limited in Inch Permit or Permits respectively for that Purpose, such Person or Persons to or for whom such Permit or Permits shall be so granted, shall not either actually and really fend away all the Wine by such Permit or Permits authorised to be sent away, pursuant to the true intent and Meaning of such Permit or Permits, or, in Default of so fending away such Wine, shall not, before the Expiration of the Time limited in and by such Permit and Permits respectively, return such Permit and Permits to the Officer or Officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective Case and cases, the Person or Persons, other than such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Foreign Wine by Wholesale or Retail, to whom such Permit or Permits, or for whose Life such Permit or Permits shall have be*n granted, shall, for every Gallon of such Wine mentioned in such Permit or Permits, and not removed according to the Purport thereof, forfeit and lose Treble the Y'alueof such Wine, to be estimated according to the bcil and higheff Rate or Price which Wine of that Kind shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Permit for the Removal of any Foreign Wine from one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, and for the Removal of which a Permit is by this Abb required; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any falseor untrue Permit for such Removal of Foreign Wine, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Permit with any such Wine removed or to be removed as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erale any such Permit, alter the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer of Excise; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Permit, so counterfeited, forged, falle, untrue, altered, or eraled; every Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit and loie the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Certificate of such Recognizance as is herein before required to be taken, being entered into, or any such Indorsement as is herein before directed to be made, or shall knowingly or willingly give any such false or untrue Certificate or Indorsement, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any such false or untrue Certificate or Indorsement with any such W me removed, or to be removed, as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter or erase any such Certificate or Indorsement granted or made by any such Justice of the Peace, or shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Certificate or Indorsement so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or eraled, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit and lose the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, entered or filed in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for any or either of the said Penalties of five hundred Pounds, a Capias in the ffrff Process £bHl and may issue, specifying such Penalty or Penalties; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail, by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of Inch Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution; and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay (ueb Penalty or Penalties of five hundred Pounds, in case he, she, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield h»s, her, or their Bodies to Prison.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Foreign Wine shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any Place whatsoever, wnth an Intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties thereon, such Foreign Wine shall be forfeited and loll, together with the Casks, Bottles, jars, Vessels, and Packages whatsoever containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover such Foreign me so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, if any such Officer or Officers shall have Cause to suspect that any Foreign Wine shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any Place whatsoever, with ln-zS Geo. III. p tent

*05

and if on fakin; Seock,? D-civ*Is proportionate to the Content.? of the Permit dors notaopear, a like Qjnntiy m*y be lciztd, &c.

Private Person* rot removing Wine agreeable to Permi’.s, must ret’.rn them, on Penalty of Tre-blc the Value of the Wine.

Persons g’vingor nfingfalle Permits to forfeit 5001.

Penalty on forging Certificate of Recognizance.

In every Aflloii for the said Penalty, sufficient Bail to be gi>cn.

Wine fraudulently hid to be forleiied.

How Officers are to proceed when they susped Wine is fraudulently deposited.

106

Officer* of Ex-rife may go on board Ships, and search them, in like Manner aa Officers of the Customs.

Persona attempting to cor* rupt Officers forfeit 100 1.

Eerfoas ob-ftrolting Officer* in the X*e-co»ion of their Duty, dec. for-lett joo U

No Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of Wioe, unlc's the Regulations herein prescrib-M are conformed to.

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

tent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties thereon, then, and in such Case, if such Place shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London; and if the Officer or Officers so having Cause to suspect be an Officer or Officers of Excise, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers, before the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or any two or more of them; or, in case such Place shall be in any other Part of Great Britain; or if the Officer or Officers so having Cause to suspeef be an Officer or Officers of the Customs, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to be deposited, hid, or concealed, iettingforth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Paid Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the Case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night Time, in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places, where he or they shall so suspect such Foreign Wine to be so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, and seize and carry away all such Foreign Wine, which he or they shall then and there find so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, as forfeited, together with all the Casks, Bottles, Tars, Vessels, and Packages wherein the same shall be contained.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any of them, to go on board, and enter into any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, which shall be within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, and to continue on board the same, and to examine and search, in like Manner as the Officers of the Customs may now legally do, for all Foreign Wine whatsoever, and to seize for his Majesty's Use all such Foreign Wine there found, as by the Laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the Casks, Bottles, Tars, Vessels, and Packages containing the same, and also such Ship or Vessel, if the same shall be forfeited for or on account of such Wine.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give, or offer to give, any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward whatsoever, to any Officer or Officers of Excise, to connive at or permit any Foreign Wine to be run on Shore, or to connive at any false or short Entry of any such Foreign Wine; or shall give, or offer to give, any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade, or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers, either to do or perform any A£\ or Act$, Thing or Things whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers m Execution of this Act, or to neglect to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business and Duty of such Officer and Officers in Execution of this Act, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to the Duties on Foreign Wines, or not to discover the same, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, whether the same Offer or Propo&lbe accepted or not, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, resist, oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of this Act, or of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given or granted to any such Officer or Officers, or shall by Force or Violence rescue, or cause to be refeued, any Foreign Wine, after the same shall have been seized by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, or, after such Seizure, or whilst any such Officer or Officers is or are attempting to seize any such Foreign Wine, shall *slave, break, or otherwise destroy or damage any Cask, Vessel, Bottle, Tar, or other Package wherein the same shall be contained, all and every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, for which no other Penalty is particularly provided by this Act, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback of any Duty on any Foreign Wine whatsoever shall be allowed, upon the Exportation of such Wine from this Kingdom, unless such Wine shall be exported under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Terms, Conditions, and DU redions herein after mentioned and prescribetl, over and besides the Rules, Regulations, Terms, Conditions, and Directions, other than where the same are altered by this Act, now commonly practised or enforced by the Officers of the Customs, upon the Exportation of such Wine, in order to obtain the Drawback or Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof; (that is to say). The Person or Persons intending to ship and export any such Wine shall, in case such Wine is intended to be packed up for Exportation, give six Hours Notice in Writing, in case such Wine is intended to be packed up within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing, in case such Wine is intended so to be packed up in any Place out of the said Limits in Great Britain, of his Intention to pack up any such Wine for Exportation, and of the Time and Place when and where the same is intended to be packed up, to the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall be appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, or the major Part of them for the Time being, of the particular Port or Place to which such Wine is intended to be exported, and of the Quantity of such Wine so to be shipped and exported; and if the same be French Wine, whether it is French Red Wine or French White Wine, or if such Wine so to be shipped and exported be Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, whether the same is Foreign Red Wine not French, or Foreign White Wine not French; and such Officer or Officers shall attend to fee such Wine packed up, and the same shall be packed up in tire Presence of such Officer or Officers, and shall be secured with such Fastenings, and sealed with such Seal or Mark, and in such Manner, as the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, shall direct; and the Officer or Officers who shall have teen such Wine packed up, shall take an Account of the Quantity of such Wine so intended to be exported, 8 and

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

and in such Account shall specify (if the same be French Wine) whether the same is French Red Wine or lunch \V hite Wine, or, if such Wine so intended to be exported be not French Wine, whether the same be Foreign Red 'Wine not French, or Foreign White Wine not French, and such Officer or Officers shall make a~ Return thereof to the Officer who shall be appointed by such respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, to receive the same, at the Port of Exportation, without any Fee or Reward for (o doing; and the Person or Persons intending to ship any Foreign Wine for Exportation, shall give six Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits of the said Chief Office, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing in other Places m Great Britain, of the Time and Place of shipping such Wine, unto such Officer or Officers of Excise of the Place where the same shall be shipped, as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them for the Time being, and of the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same is intended to be shipped and exported, and of the Matter or Commander thereof, and of the particular Port or Place to which Wine is intended to be exported, and of the Quantity of such Wine so to be shipped and exported; and if such Wine be French Wine, whether the same be French Red Wine or French White Wine; and if such Wine, so to be shipped and exported, be not French Wine, whether the same is Foreign Red Wine not French, or Foreign White Wine not French; and if any such Foreign Wine so intended to be packed for Exportation, shall not be begun to be packed, or if any such Foreign Wine, so intended to be exported, shall not be begun to be shipped, at the Time mentioned for the respective Purposes aforesaid in such Notice respectively, or within one Hour after such Time, then such respective Notices shall be void, and the like respective Notices in Writing shall be again given unto such Officer or Officers, previous to the packing up of such Wine for Exportation, or previous to the shipping of any Foreign Wine for Exportation, as the Case may require.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons ffave and except the proper Officer of the Customs, and the Officer of Excise, at the Port of Exportation herein after mentioned) shall open any such Package, after the same has been so secured and sealed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully destroy or deface such Seal or Mark, every such Person or Persons, so offending, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Exporter of any such Foreign Wine shall also, before the shipping the same, give Bond, with sufficient Security, to be approved of by the respe&iye Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, or the major Part of them, or the Person by them appointed for that Purpose, in Treble the Amount of all the Duties intended to be drawn back on such Exportation of such Wine, that the particular Wine so intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be shipped and exported to the Port or Place to which such Wine is in such Notice, in that Behalf herein before directed to be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, and {tali not be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted); which Bond the Officer of Excise of the Port or Place from whence fijeh Wine shall be exported, appointed fer that Purpose by the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, is hereby directed to take, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use; and the said Exporter shall also, before the shipping of such Foreign Wine, make Oath, that he believes the Duties upon such Foreign Wine have been fully paid, which Oath they the respective Commissioners of Excise, or any one or more of them for the Time being, are, and the Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer appointed for that Purpose by the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the Time being, is hereby authorised and required to administer; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or any one or more of them, or such Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer, being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall, within one Month after the afnial Exportation of such Wine, give to the said Exporter, or his Clerk or Agent, a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the Quantities of such Wine so (hipred; and, if such Wine so (nipped was French Wine, whether the same was French Red Wine or French White Wine; or if such Wine so shipped was not French Wine, whether the same was Foreign Red Wine not French, or Foreign White Wine not French; and that all the Duties hereby imposed on such Wine have been paid for the same; and that Bond, with sufficient Security, hath been given, before the shipping the same, for the due Exportation thereof; and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of Excise of the Port or Place from whence such Wines were so exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the Person or Persons so exporting the same, or their Agents, out of the Duties by this Act imposed on Foreign Wine, the following Drawbacks or Allowances (that is to feyj,

For every Ton of French Wme, for which all Duties due and payable in respect thereof have been fully paid, exported from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any Part of the United States of America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, as Merchandise, the Sum of nineteen Pounds thirteen Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or letter Quantity:

And for every Ton of such French Wine, exported from this Kingdom to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, as Merchandize, the Sum of eleven Pounds five Shillings; and so in proportion for any greater or letter Quantity:

And for every Ton of Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, for which all the Duties due and payable in respect thereof have been fully paid, exported from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any Part of the United States of America, as Merchandize, the Sum of fourteen Pounds seven Shillings; and (b in proportion for any greater or letter Quantity:

IO7

Packages, fealel for F.Kpc.rration, not to be opened, &c. on Penalty of 50l.

Bond to be given for Exportation of Wine, and Oath made that the Duties thereon have been paid*

Certificate! of the Quantity exported, See, to be given to entitle Exporter to the following Drawbacks s

For every Ton of French Wine exported to America, or the East Indies, 19U 15 a. 1

For every Too to any other Place, it 1.:

For every Ton of other Foreign Wane to America, 141, 7 a. t

xo8

For every Ton of

Clhcr Foreign Wire to the East Indie ,9l. 17*.; F*r evtry Ton of o'her Foreign Wine to any other Place, 5 1,

Drawbacks may be paid out of any Monie» arif-ing fr*nr> L'uiies impoied by this Art.

Officer* may of-n md infpfft Wine packed for Exportation, and if any Part be unshipped to be forfeited*

How Importa-' ti n He nds are to be discharged.

Officer not intitled to Reward, unlessNo-lice of Seizure be given within la Hours, Account of feiied Wine to be taken, and not removed without Permit* Ho Dealer in Wine to art as a Justice of Peace in Matters concerning this Art.

Perform taking

f- He Oaf\js to be deerrel v>iU*jl Pcijuicis,

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

And for every Ton of such Foreign Wine, other than French Wi.ie, exported from this Kingdom to any British Settlement in the East Indies, as Merchandize, the Sum of nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings; and 16 in proportion ter any greater or ieiier Quantity:

And for every Ton of such Foreign Wine, other than French Wine, exported as Merchandize from this Kingdom to any other Fart or Place beyond the Seas, the Sum of live Founds thirteen Shillings; ami so in proportion for any greater or leder Quantity*

And if such Collector of Excise shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said Drawback or Allowance) out of any Money in their Hands, arising from the Duties hereby imposed, or any of them: Provided always,

That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer attending the Hupping of such Foreign Wines, if he thinks it r.eceflary, at the Port or Flace of Exportation, and ailo for the proper Officer of the Customs, if be shall think it necessary, upon the shipping any such Wine for Exportation, to open and examine such Foreign Wine as shall be so packed, in order that he may be satished that such Wines are the same that are described in the Account fofent by the Officer in whole Presence any such Wine was so packed: Provided always,

That if, after the shipping any such Foreign Wine, and the giving such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a Drawback or Allowance of any of the Duties before paid thereupon, the same Wine, or any Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Veil'd, or Boat, within this Kingdom (Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted), that then, and.in every inch Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the said Wine which shall be so unlliipjxd, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, within Great Britain (Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be lei zed by any Orlicer or Officers of Excise.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Bond, herein before directed to be given, shall be discharged in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say). For such of the said Wines as shall be entered for, or landed in Ireland, the Condition of the Bond shall be, to bring in a Certificate in Discharge thereof, within lix Months from the Date of the Bond, and within Twelve Months for such of the said Wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any other Fort or Flace in Europe; and within eighteen Months for such of the said Wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any of his Majesty's Plantations in America or Africa, or any of the United States of America; and within twenty-four Months for such of the said Wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any Fort or Flace at or beyond the *Cape of Good Hope; which said Certificate for such Wine as aforesaid as shall be landed in any Fort or Place where any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall besigned by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, importing that such Wines were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident in such Fort or Flace where such Wines shall be landed, such Certificate shall be ligned by the British Conl'ul, or other Person acting as such there, importing that such Wines were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs, or British Consul, or other Person’ acting as such, Hull be resident in such Fort or Place where such Wines shall be landed, such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants, then being at such Port or Place, that such Wine was there landed; or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged, upon Proof, in either of the said cases, that such Wines were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, or by f ire, or were spent and consumed on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same were exported during the Voyage, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for the Time being.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer of the Customs shall be entitled to any Reward given on the Seizure of any Wine by v irtue of this Act, unless Notice of such Seizure be by him given, within twelve Hours next after such Seizure, at the next Office of Excise, or to the Supervisor of Excise of the District where such Seizure shall be made, who shall be obliged, on such Notice, to take a particular Account of the Species and Quantities of all such Wine so seized; nor shall any such Wine be afterwards removed without a Permit or Certificate signed by such Officer of Excite, or Supervisor of the Place or District from whence such Wine is to be removed, under the Penalties of such Wine being forfeited, and the lame shall and may be seized as forfeited by any other Officer or Officers of the Customs, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LI. And be it further enacteil by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, being a Dealer irt, or Seller of Foreign Wine, or >vho is or shall be any way interfiled or concerned in the Trade or Business of dealir.’g in or foiling Wine, shall, during such Time as he shall be so interested or concerned in the Trade or Bufmefsof dealing in or idling Wine, act as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever which ftnll any wife concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this Act; and if any such Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, presume to exercise any such Powers or Authorities, or to do any Act hereby authorised to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, all such Acts, so executed or done by such Pei ion or Persons, shall be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a f.dfcOath, in any of the Cases in which Oaths are required to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall be liable U/ Pams and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

A.D. 178&. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising by the Duties imposed by this Act (all Costs, Charges, and Expences, of railing, receiving, collecting, levying,* accounting for, and paying the same, being hrdeducted) Hull from Time to Time be paid by the said respective Commissioners of Excise into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and shall be applied to the same Uses and Purposes, and under such Regulations, as the Monies anting by the said additional Impositions, Rates, or Duties, and additional Impositions or Duties upon the Produce thereof, by this Act repealed, were applicable unto before the passing of this Act.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Ckiules, Matters, and hings, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking envoy the Court of Wards and Liveries^ and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided and established, for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties upon Foreign Wine h< re by granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be feed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture maybe feed for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Aloiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or fee for the same.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall belaid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Ili’qe, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonfeited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Information or Suit shall be commenced and brought to Trial, on account of the Seizure of any Wine seized as forfeited by virtue of this or any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the Duties on Foreign Wine, or of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or of any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, used or employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the Juiige or Court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge or Court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify that there was a probable Cause for making such Seizure, and in such Calc the Claimant shall not be inti tied to any Costs of Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Person or Persons who made such Seizure be liable to any Action, Indictment, or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure; and that in case any Action, Indictment, or Prosecution Avail be commenced and brought to Trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any sech Wine, or of any such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, used or employed in removing or carrying the same, whether any Information shall be brought to Trial to condemn the same or not, and a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before whom such Action, Indictment, or Prosecution* shall be tried, shall certify that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff, besides the Thing so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be intitled to above two Pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above one Shilling.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ or Process shall be feed out against any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or against any Person or Persons aiting by his or their Order, and in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution, or by reason of this Act, until one Casenczr Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the ufeal Place of his or their Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Person or Persons who intends or intend to fee out sech Writ or Process as aforesaid; in which Notice shall be dearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons in whole Name such Action is intended to be brought, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney or Agent; and that a Fee of twenty Shillings, and no more, shall be paid for the preparing and serving of every sech Notice. '

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to whom sech Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within one Calendar Month after sech Notice shall be given, to tender Amends to the Person or Persons complaining, or to his, her, or their Agent or Attorney, and in case sech Amends are not accq>ted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him

109

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and applied to the Purposes of the repealed Duties.

Powers of Ack 11 Car. a. c. 34. See. to be put in force, where not here* by repealed*

How Penalties are to be recovered and divided.

Limitation of Actions.’

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

Probable causei of Seizure to indemnify the Officer.,

No Process to be sued out till k Mon‘h*i Notice has been given.

Fee of Notice*

Tender of A-

mrnds to be pleaded in Uaf o; Action.

IIO

Costt,

Ko Evidence t® fee produced except that contained in the Notice, Set,

Money mty be

paid into Court as Amends,

A noli profrqui may be entered where Penalties have been unintentionally inclined.

Goods unintentionally forfeited, may be reilored on Conditions, but the Proprietors not Co be intitled to Pamages.

Recital of Act

a3Gcj.3-c. 763

%and

C. 59. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

or them, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not guilty, and any other Plea or Pleas, with Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought; and if, upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action, or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be intitled to the like Costs as he or they would have been intitled to in case he or they had pleaded the General Issue only; and if upon Issue so joined the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Damages as they shall think proper.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Case where an Action shall be grounded on any Act done by the Defendant or Defendants, shall be permitted to produce any Evidence of the Caule of such Action, except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any Verdict against such Officer or Officers, or PersonorPep-fons acting in his or their Aid, unless it shall be proved on the Trial of such Action that such Notice was given, and that in Default of such Proof the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid, shall neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered inefficient Amends, before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, by I^eave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall lee fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Prosecution shall be commenced by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise for the Recovery of any Penalty incurred by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that such Penalty was incurred without any Intention of Fraud, to flop all further Proceedings, by entering a Noli Prefequi, or otherwise, upon every such Information, as well with respect to the Share of such Forfeiture to which any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue shall be or may claim to be intitled, as to the Share thereof to his Majesty belonging.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, shall be seized as forfeited, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively, on Evidence given to their Satisfaction, that the Forfeiture arose without any Defien or Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to order the same to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, in such Manner and on such Terms and Conditions as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Excise and Customs respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct; and if the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by such Commissioners respectively, it shall not be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall seize such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, or any other Person or Persons whatever, on his or their Behalf, to proceed in any Manner for the Condemnation thereof; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners respectively, such Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to proceed for the Condemnation of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, as if this Law had not been made; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall accept the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have, or be intitled to any Recompence or Damage on account of the Seizure or Detention of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the feme; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds in the landing and removing of Wines in this Kingdom, and to prevent the relanding of refined Sugar, entered for Exportation, to obtain the Drawback or Bounty; it was enacted, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Wine of any Sort, in any Hogshead or other Cask whatsoever, should be removed or carried, either by Land or by Water, from any Outport, Creek, or Haven, in Great Britain, not being within the Limits of the Port of London, to any other Town, Port, or Place whatsoever, within the same Kingdom, without a Certificate first had and obtained from the Collector and Comptroller, or the Chief Of- ficer of the Customs at or nearest to the Town, Port, or Place from which such Wine was intended to be so removed, certifying that the Duties due and payable for such Wine had been paid at the Port or Place of Importation, or that the same was Wine fold for Salvage, or that the same had been compounded for, or condemned, as the Case might be, referring to the Time when, and the Place where, such Wine was entered, fold, compounded for, or condemned, and expressing the Quantity and Sort of Wine, with the Marks of the Package thereof, to what Place, and to whom the same was Con- signed, and by what Carriage, and by whom, the same was intended to be removed, which Fails should be verified by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Wine; and if the Wine was to be removed

by Land, the Certificate should also express and limit the Time for which such Certificate should continue f in force; And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

1 intituled, An Act to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shippea as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages;

and to extend the Provisions of an Att of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, relative to the Re- moval of Wine in Casks^ to Wine removed in Bottles, and other Packages; reciting the said Clause herein before recited of the said Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his said present Majesty's Reign, and that great Quantities of Wine which had been clandestinely imported into the Out-ports of this Kingdom,

and run on Shore without Payment of the Duties due for the same, had been afterwards removed from thence to other Parts within this Kingdom, and into the Port of London in Bottles and other small Pack- ages, it was enacted, That, from and after the twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, the said in Part recited Act, and every Clause and Matter therein, so far as the same re- lated to the Removal of Wine in Hogsheads or other Casks, or intfifted any Penalty or Forfeiture upon the Removal of such Wine without such Certificate, or upon Persons who Qiould falsely make Oath to any of the Fafts therein required to be sworn, or who should forge, counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any Certificate, or knowingly make use of any Certificate so forged, counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified,

should extend, and be construed to extend, in like Manner, to the Removal of any Sort of Wine in Bottles, or any other Packages whatsoever, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses,

Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures relative thereto were again repeated and re-enacted in that Act:

And whereas the good Purposes by the said Clauses intended, will be effectually answered by the Provisions of this Act, and the said Clauses will therefore be unnecessary to be continued in force:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thoukad seven hundred and eighty-six.

CAP. LX.

An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

WHEREAS the Wealth and Strength of this Kingdom, and the Prosperity and Safety of every Part of the British Empire, greatly depend on the Encouragement given to Shipping and Navigation: And whereas it is proper that the Advantages hitherto given by the Legislature to Ships owned and navigated by his Majesty's Subjects, should from henceforth be confined to Ships wholly built and fitted out in his Majesty's Dominions Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Ship or Vessel foreign-built (except such Ships or Vessels as have been or shall hereafter be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty), nor any Ship or Vessel built or rebuilt upon any foreign-made Keel or Bottom, in the Manner heretofore practised and allowed, although owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, shall be any longer intitled to any of the Privileges or Advantages of a British-built Ship, or of a Ship owned by British Subjects; and that all the said Privileges and Advantages shall hereafter be confined to such Ships only as are wholly of the Built of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernsey* Jersey, and the Isle of Man, or of some of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in Asia, Africa, or America, which now belong, or at the Time of building such Ships or Vessels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors: Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit such foreign-built Ships or Vessels only as, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, did truly and without Fraud wholly belong to any of the People of Great Britain or Ireland\ Guernsey, Jetfey, and the Isle of Man, or of any of the aforesaid Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, as the Proprietors and right Owners thereof, and which shall be navigated according to Law, and shall aMo be registered in Manner herein after directed, from continuing to enjoy the Privileges and Advantages they have hitherto enjoyed, or from importing or exporting such Goods or Commodities as may now be legally imported or exported by such Ships or Vessels, into and from such Ports and Places as is now by Law allowed, and under such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as have heretofore been made touching such foreign-built Ships or Vessels, and subject and liable to all such Duties as have been imposed on any Goods or Commodities imported or exported as aforesaid in such foreign-built Ships or Vessels, by any Act or Acts of Parliament: And provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any Ship or Vessel, which before the passing of this Act hath been built or rebuilt upon any foreign-made Keel or Bottom*, and which, before the said first: Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, was duly registered as a British Ship, from continuing to enjoy any Privilege or Advantage to which such Ship or Vessel is now by any Law or Usage intitled; nor to prevent any such Ship or Vessel. which shall have been begun to be repaired or rebuilt before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, from being registered according to; and in pursuance of, this Act, by an Order under the Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, or oC

the*

III

Alt 14 Geo. 3. Self. 2, c. 50.

Clauses of tbA recited Acts, forbidding the Removal of Wine from any Out-port without Certificfttefy repealed.

Commencement of tfcit Act*

Preamble

From Aug. r, 1786, no Ship built out of his Majesty%* Dominions, except Prix-s, shall be infilled to the Privilege* of a British Ship $ but foreign Ships, built before May 1, 1786, not here* by to be deprived of the Privilege* they now enjoy, &c#

11-2

No Ship rebuilt, or whereRepairs exceed 15 s. per Ton, in 2 foreign Porr, to be deemed Bii-tish-builr. Exception in ft-▼our of extraordinary Damages sustained oft Voy?gcf*

Expences of Repairs to be certified, on Arrival, to an Officer of the Customs.

Provisions of Act 7 & 8 Gul. 3. c.ei. to be extended to Vessels of 15 Ton»j and upwards, and Certificate of Rr^iftry obtained.

C. 60. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

the Corn missioners of his Majesty's Customs in Sat! n:d, or any three or more of them; which Order the said Commission* rs reflectively are hereby authorised and im powered to grant, if it shall he made appear to the Satisfaction of ttae laid Commissioners respectively upon Oith, that such Ship or Vessel was branded by the Apt of Providence, and not with a fraudulent Intent, and was, at the Time of being so stranded, the sole Property of tome f oreigner or Foreigners; or that such Ship or Vessel was a Droit of Admiralty, and it be in like Manner fully and clearly ascertained, to the Satisfaction of such Commissionns refgcc-. tively, that the said Ship or Vessel, from the Damage received by being so firanded, wus rendered unfit to proceed to Sea without undergoing a thorough Repair in this Kingdom, and that (lie was ncrc liar! iy (old for the Benefit of the foreign Owner or Owners, or being a Droit of Admiralty, was sold by virtue and under the Authority of an Order or Commission from the Court of Admiralty, and that (he was fairly and openly purchased by a British Subject or Subjects, and, being the sole and entire Property of such British Subject or Subjects, that (he hath been so much repaired, that two-thirds of her at the lead are of British Built.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Ship or Vessel shall be deemed or taken to be Britt]})-built, or enjoy the Privileges thereunto belonging, which shall from thenceforth be rebuilt or repaired in any foreign Port or Place, if such Repairs shall exceed the Sum of fifteen Shillings for every Ton of the said Ship or Vessel according to the Admeasurement thereof, unless such Repairs shall be necessary by reason of extraordinary Damage sustained by such Ship or Vessel during the Absence of such Ship or Vessel from his Majesty's Dominions, to enable her to perform the Voyage in which ihe shall be then engaged, and to return in Safety to foine Port or Place of the said Dominions; and that before such Ship or Vessel shall be repaired, so as to exceed the Sum aforesaid, the Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge of Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall report the State and Condition thereof upon Oath, or (being a Quaker) upon Affirmation, to the British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, if there shall be such Consul or Officer at the Port where it shall be necessary to repair such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause such Ship or Vessel to be surveyed by two fit and proper Persons to be approved of by such Consul or Chief British Officer; and shall deliver to such Consul or Chief British Officer, in Writing, the Particulars of the Damage sustained by such Ship or Vessel, and shall verify upon Oath, or (being a Quaker) upon Affirmation (to be administered by such Consul or Chief British Officer), the Particulars and Amount of the Repairs of such Ship or Vessel; and that the same were become necessary in consequence of Damage sustained during the Voyage to that Port, to enable such Ship or Vessel to prosecute the Voyage then intended, and to return to some Port or Place of his Majesty's Dominions, which the said Consul, or Chief British Officer, is hereby required to certify under his Hand and Seal; and if there shall nut be any BritifJj Consul, or Chief British Officer, resident at or near the Port or Place where such Repairs may be necessary, then that such Survey shall be made by two fit and proper Persons, to be approved of by tw’o known British Merchants residing at or near such Port or Place; and that such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall produce to such Merchants as aforesaid. Vouchers of the Particulars and Amount of the Repairs of such Ship or Vessel, whose Certificate of the same shall be of the like Force and Effect as that of the British Consul, or Chief British Officer resident in any foreign Port or Place; and in case any Ship or Vessel shall, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, be repaired in any foreign Port or Place, the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall make Proof on Oath, or (if a Quaker) by Affirmation, before the Colle<5lor and Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs in the Port of his Majesty's Dominions where the said Ship or Vessel may first arrive (if required by them lb to do; which Oath or Affirmation the said Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officer, or either of them, is and are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), describing the Nature and Amount of the Charge or Expence of such Repairs j and if such Charge or Expence shall appear to exceed the be ore mentioned Sum of fifteen Shillings for every. Ton of the Admeasurement of such Ship or Vessel, and the said Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall r.eglcfit or refute to deliver to such Collector and Comptroller, or principal Officer of the Customs, or to one of them, the Certificate so required to be produced in such Cases as aforesaid, the Bid Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be a foreign-built Ship or Vessel, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

III. And whereas it is highly expedient that the Provisions made for the Registry of Ships and Vessels c by an Afit, made and passed in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wil-4 UAM the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade

should be altered and amended, and that the same should be extended and applied to Ships and Vessels other than those which are therein particularly described ;’ be it therefore enacted, That all and every Ship or Vessel, having a Deck, or being of the Burthen of fifteen Tons, or upwards, belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain, or Guernsey, Jerfry, and the Isle of Man, or of any of the aforesaid Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories, shall, from and after the respective Times herein after expressed* be registered in Manner herein after mentioned; and that the Person or Persons claiming Property therem Avail cause the same to be rtgiftered, and Avail obtain a Certificate of such Registry from the Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs in Great Britain, or the Isle of Man, or from the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Principal Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs, residing in the islands of Guernsey or Jcrjly, or in any of the said Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories, respectively, in Manner herein after directed; and that the Form of such Certificate shall be as follows: videlicet:

7 44 1NT

M3-

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

MN pursuance of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of the Act, the Names, Occupation, and Rejiience of the fub-il fcrthing Owners], having taken and subscribed the Oath required by this Act, and having sworn that he or they3, together with [Names, Occupation, and Residence of nonfubfcr thing Owners), is [or are]

M fo\e Owner or Owners] of the Ship or Veiled called The [Ship's Name], of [Place to which the Vessel 11 belongs], whereof [Masters Name] is at present Mailer, and that the said Ship or Vessel was [when and where built, or captured, and Date of Condemnation) and [Name and Employment of the Surveying Officer] having certified to us that the said Ship or Vessel is [whether British, Foreign, or British Plant-14 at ion built], has [Number of Decks] Decks, and [Number of AJa/ls] Malls; that her Length, from the Fore Part of the Main Stem to the After Part of the Stern Poll aloft, is [Number of Feet and Inches),

her Breadth at the broadest Part, whether above or below the Main Wales [Number of Feet and Inches],

her Heighth between Decks [Number of Feet and Inches, if more than one Deck, and if not, then the Depth of the Hold [Number of Feet and Inches], and admeasures [Burthen] Tons, that {he is a [Kind of Vessel, and how built], has [whether any or no Gallery) Gallery, and [Kind of Head, if anyJ Head;

and the said subscribing Owners having consented and agreed to the above Description and Admeasure- ment, and having caused sufficient Security to be given, as is required by the said Act, the said [Kind and Name of the Vessel] has been duly registered at the Port of [Name of the Port].

Given under our Hands and Seals of Office, at the Custom-house, in the said Port of [Name of the Port], this [Date] Day of [Name of the Month], in the Year [Words at Length.]'9

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Registry shall hereafter be made, y0 Re*iftry

or Certificate thereof granted, by any Person or Persons hereinbefore authorised to make such Registry, made, &c. but at and grant such Certificate, in any other Pore or Place than the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel the Port ro shall properly belong, except so far as relates to such Ships or Vessels as shall be condemned as Prizes J"hic* Vessel in any of the Islands of Guernsey, Jcfy, at Man, which Ships or Vessels shall in future be registered in Yon-

Manner herein after directed; but that all and every Registry and Certificate granted in any Port or dcmntd at Place to which any such Ship or Vessel does not properly belong, shall be utterly null and void, to all In- Gnrmfey, Sec, tents and Purposes, unless the Officers aforesaid shall be facially authorised and impowered to make such unlefiamho*

Registry, and grant such Certificate, in any other Port, by an Order in Writing under the Hands of any *7 *he

four or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or of any three or more of the of IhYcustomL Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, for the Time being, which Order the said Commissioners are hereby respectively authorised and impowered to issue, in Manner aforesaid, if they shall see fit.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Port to which any Ship or Vessel The Port from shall hereafter be deemed and taken to belong, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be, and is *n<j to wh ch hereby declared to be, the Port from and to which such Ship or Vessel shall usually trade, or (being a new

Ship) shall intend so to trade, and at or near which the Husband, or acting and managing Owner or dher Port. Owners of such Ship or Vessel usually resides or reside.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act NoReg^ftry to contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to require to be registered according to the Directions b« required for of this Act, any Ship or Vessel of War, or any other Vessel, of whatever Built the same may be, or under *nF Ve, Ici# whatever Description the same may fall, being the Property of his Majesty or the Royal Family, or any of

them, or any Lighters, Barges, Boats, or Vessels of any Built or Description whatever, used solely in or* *mi *

Rivers or Inland Navigation.

VII. And it is hereby declared, That no Ship or Vessel built in any of the Colonies of North America, NoShip built io row called The United States of America, during the Time that any Act or Acts of Parliament made in the Vmred Stated Great Britain, prohibiting Trade and Intercourse with those Colonies, was or were in force, nor any Ship of America, &c. cr Vessel which was owned by, or belonged to the Subjects of the said United States, or of any of the said during the Exist-States respectively, during the Existence of those Acts, and not registered before the Commencement there- **

of, is or shall be intitled to be registered under this present Act, or to any of the Privileges or-Advantages jmitieYro be* of a British-built Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have been taken and condemned as lawful registered.

Prize, or, having been (trended, shall have been built or rebuilt, and registered in the Manner heretofore practised and allowed.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Subject of his Majesty, his Heirs and No Subject re-Successors, whose usual Rdnience is in any Country not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs Tiding out of hi« and Successors, shall be deemed or intitled, during the Time he shall continue so to reside, to be the Owner Majesty's Dorn Whole or in Part of any British Ship or Vessel, required and authorised to be reg ftcred by virtue of this Act, unless he be a Member of feme British Factory, or Agent for, or Partner in, any House or Copart- the o'wher of oership, actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland. any Ship authorised to be registered, except a Member of a Fail07, See,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act passed Oath rqihed

in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, as directs the lh* rrci'ed

Oath therein contained to be taken on registering the Ships and Vessels therein described, shall be, and the ^d*ea‘j^Gui’ same is hereby repealed. repe*c

xi4

Wo Registry to be made, ic. till the following Oath he taken.

Addition to be made to the Oath when the requisite Number of Members do not ctead.

Ships to be examined, Act. before Certificates are ftaoud, &c.

C. 60. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

X. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Registry shall henceforth be made, or Certificate granted, until the following Oath be taken and subscribed before the Person or Persons herein before authorised to make Inch Registry, and giant such Certificate respectively (which they are hereby respectively impowered to administer), by the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, if such Ship or Vessel is owned by, or belongs to one Person only; or, in case there shall be two joint Owners, then by both of such joint Owners, if both shall be resident within twenty Miles of the Port or Place where such Register is required, or by one of such Owners, if one or both of them shall be resident at a greater Distance from such Port or Place *, or if the Number of such Owners or Proprietors shall exceed two, then by the greater Part of the Number of such Owners or Proprietors, if the greater Number of them shall be resident within twenty Miles of such Port or Place as aforesaid, not in any Case exceeding three of such Owners or Proprietors, or by one of such Owners, if all shall be resident at a greater Distance.

I A.B. of [Place of Refulence and Occupation] do make Oath, That the Ship or Vessel [Name] of A [Port or Place] whereof [Master's Name] is at present Master, being [Kind of Built, Burthen etcetera, as described in the Certificate of the purveying Officer] was [when and where built, or if Prize,

Capture, and Condemnation] and that I the said A.B. [and the other Owners Names and Occupations if any, and where they r effectively reside, videlicet, Town, Place or Parish, and County, or if Member of,

and resident in any Factory in foreign Parts, or in any foreign Town or City, being an Agent for, or Partner in any House, or Copartnership actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the Name of such Factory, foreign Town or City, and the Names of such House or Copartnership] am [or are] sole Owner or Owners] of the said Vessel, and that no other Person or Persons whatever hath or have any Right, Title, Interest, Share, or Property therein or thereto; and that I the said A.B. [and the said other Owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a Subject or Subjects] of Great Britain; and that I the said A.B. have not [nor have any of the other Owners, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief] taken the Oath of Allegiance to any foreign State whatever [except under the Terms of form Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof], or that since my taking [or his or their taking] the Oath of Allegiance to [naming the foreign States respectively to which he or any of the said Owners shall have taken the same], and prior to the passing of an Act in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

(intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation), I have [or he or they hath or have] become a Subject or Subjects] of Great Britain [either by his Majesty's Letters Patent, as a Denizen or Denizens, or naturalized by Act of Parliament, as the Case may be, naming the Dates of the Letters f Denization, or the Act or Acts of Parliament for Naturalization respectively] or [as the Case may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a Denizen or Denizens, or naturalized Subject or Subjects, as the Case may be] Great Britain, by his Majesty's Letters Patent, or by an Act of Parliament passed since the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six [naming the Times when such Letters of Denization have been granted respectively, or the Year or Years in u which such Act or Acts of Naturalization have passed respectively], and that no Foreigner, directly or indirectly, hath any Share or Part or Interest in the said Ship or Vessel."

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case the Number of joint Owners or Proprietors of any Ship or Vessel shall amount to three or more, and three of such joint Owners or Proprietors shall not personally attend to take and subscribe the Oath herein before directed to be taken and subscribed, then, and in such Case, such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, as shall personally attend, and take and subscribe the Oath aforesaid, shall further make Oath that the Part Owner or Part Owners of such Ship or Vessel then absent is or are not resident within twenty Miles of such Port or Place, and hath or have not, to the bess of his or their Knowledge or Belief, wilfully absented himself or themselves, in order to avoid the taking the Oath herein before directed to be taken and subscribed, or is or are prevented by Illness from attending to take and subscribe the said Oath.

XII. And, in order to enable the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs to grant a Certificate, truly and accurately describing every Ship or Vessel to be registered in pursuance of this Act,

and also to enable all other Officers of his Majesty's Customs, on due Examination, to discover whether any such Ship or Vessel is the same with that for which a Certificate is alledged to have been granted \ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, previous to the registering or granting of any Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, some one or more proper Person or Persons, appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland, or by the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, for the Time being, in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man, or of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories aforesaid respectively (taking to his or their A ffiftance, if he or they shall judge it necessary, one or more Person or Persons Skilled in the Building and Admeasurement of Ships), shall go oiv hoard of every such Ship or Vessel as is to be registered, and shall strictly and accurately examine and ad-measure every such Ship or Vessel, as to all and every Particular contained in the Form of the Certificate herein before directed, in the Presence of the Master, or of any other Person who shall be appointed for that Purpose on the Part of the Owner or Owners, or, in his or their Absence, by the said Master, and shall deliver a true and just Account in Writing of all such Particulars of the Built, Description, and Admea-furement of every such Ship or Vessel as are specified in the Form of the Certificate above recited, to the Person or Persons who shall be authorised as aforesaid to make such Registry and grant such Certificate of Registry 5 and the said Master, or other Person attending on the Part of the Owner or Owners, is hereby required to sign his Name ako to the Certificate of such surveying or examining Officer in Testimony of

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

the Truth thereof, provided such Matter or other Person shall consent and agree to the several Particulars set forth and described therein.

XIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Person or Persons so appointed to examine and admeasure such Ships or Vessels as aforesaid, shall wilfully deliver to any Person or Persons authorised to make Registry and grant Certihcar.es of Registry as aforesaid, a false Description of any of the Particulars hereby required to be contained in such Certificate; or if any Person or Persons herein before authorised to make such Registry, and grant such Certificates of Registry, shall knowingly make any false Regitler, or grant any false Certificate, in regard to any of the Particulars required by this present Act, he or they on being convicted thereof by due Course of Law, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Court of Judiciary, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court of Record in the said Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories, or in the Royal Court in Guernsey or Jefy, or in the Superior Court of Justice in the ljle of Man, as the Case may be, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and be for ever incapable of holding or enjoying any Office or Employment under his Majesty.

XIV. And whereas the Officer or Officers so appointed to examine and admeasure such Ships and Vessels as aforesaid, may not always be enabled to c.uife such Ship or Vessel to be laid on Shore, for the Purpose of ascertaining her Tonnage, according to the Rule now by Law prescribed for that Purpose: And whereas it would in some Cases endanger such Ship or Vessel io to do:’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in Cases where it may be necessary to ascertain the Tonnage of any such Ships or Vessels, when afloat, the following Method shall be observed; videlicet, Drop a Plumb Line over the Stern of the Ship* and Measure the Distance between such Line and the After Part of the Stern Pott, at the Load Water Mark; then measure from the Top of the said Plumb Line, in a parallel Direction with the Water, to a perpendicular Point immediately over the Load Water Mark, at the Fore Part of the Main Stem, subtracting from such Measurement the above Distance, the Remainder will be the Ship’s extreme Length, from which is to be deducted three Inches for every Foot of the Load Draught of Water, for the Rake Abaft, and also three Fifths of the Ship’s Breadth, for the Rake Foreward, the Remainder shall be esteemed the just Length of the Keel to find the Tonnage; and the Breadth shall be taken from Outfideto Outside of the Plank, in the broadest Part of the Ship, either above or below the Main Wales, exclusive of all Manner of Sheathing or Doubling that may be wrought upon the Side of the Ship; then multiplying the Length of the Keel for Tonnage, by the Breadth so taken, and that ProduS by Half the Breadth, and dividing by ninety-four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage: Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall in any wise be construed to alter the Manner of admeasuring the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel which has heretofore been practised for the Purpose of ascertaining the Light Duties, or any other Duties or Imposts whatever, payable according to the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, at the Time of obtaining the Certificate of Registry as aforesaid, sufficient Security by Bond shall be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Matter and such of the Owners as shall personally attend, as is herein before required, such Security to be approved of and taken by the Person or Persons herein before authorised to make such Registry, and grant such Certificates of Registry, at the Port or Place in which such Certificate shall be granted, in the Penalties following; (that is to lay). If such Ship or Vessel shall be a decked Vessel, or be above the Burthen of fifteen Tons, and not exceeding fifty Tons, in the Penalty of one hundred Pounds; jf exceeding the Burthen of fifty Tons and not exceeding one hundred Tons, in the Penalty of three hundred Pounds; if exceeding the Burthen of one hundred Tons, and not exceeding two hundred Tons, in the Penalty of five hundred Pounds; if exceeding the Burthen of two hundred Tons, and not exceeding three hundred Tons, in the Penalty of eight hundred Pounds; and if exceeding the Burthen of three hundred Tons, in the Penalty of one thousand Pounds: And the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that such Certificate shall not be fold, lent, or otherwise disposed of, to any Person or Persons whatever, and that the same shall be solely made use of for the Service of the Ship or Vessel for which it is granted; and that in case such Ship shall be loft, or taken by the Enemy, burnt, or broken up, or otherwise prevented from returning to the Port to which she belongs, the Certificate, if preservd, shall be delivered up, within one Month afttr the Arrival of the Matter in any Port or Place in his Majesty's Dominions, to the Collector and Comptroller of some Port in Great Britain, or of the ljlc of Man, or of the British Plantations, or to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, for the Time being, of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey; and that if any Foreigner, or any Person or Persons for his Use and Benefit, shall pur-ebafe or otherwise become intitled to the Whole, or any Part or Share of, or any Interest in, such Ship or Vessel, and the same shall be within the Limits of any Port in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Man, or the British Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories aforesaid, then and in such Cufe the Certificate of Registry shall, within seven Days after such Purchase or Transfer of Property in such Ship or Vessel, be delivered up to the Person or Persons herein before authorised to make Registry, and grant Certificates of Registry at such Port or Place respectively, as aforesaid; and if such Ship or Vessel shall be in any foreign Port when such Purchase or Transfer of Interest or Property shall take place, then that the same shall be delivered up to the British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, resident at or nearest to such foreign Port; or if such Ship or Vessel shall be at Sea when such Purchase or Transfer of Interest or Property shall take place, then that the same shall be delivered ui> to the British Consul, or other Chief British Officer, at the foreign Port or Place in or at which the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall first arrive after such Purchase or Transfer of Property at Sea, immediately ~ after his Arrival at such foreign Port; but it' such Matter, or other Person who had the Command thereof

"5

Person? giving fjfe Descrip-lions, or malting i*lie Reoftrea, &c. of Ships, forfeit tool.

Method of ascertaining the T'-nnuge, when VefMs are afloat.

Boadtofce gives, to lend Certificates, and tt return them in Cases herein specified.

Mediterranean Pad s to be deli‘-e'eri uo with Certificates.

Tenor of In-

dor tements on Certificates of Regiihy, ice.

116 C. 60. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

at the Time of such Purchase or Transfer of Property at Sea, shall not arrive at a foreign Port, but shall awrive at some Port of Great Britain, Guernsey, *y, Man, or his Majesty's laid Colo/lies. Plantations, Islands, or Territories, then that the same shall be delivered up in Manner aforesaid, within fourteen Days after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel, or of the Person who had the Command thereof, in any Port of Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Man, or any of his Majesty's laid Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories: And that it any Pais, commonly called A Mediterranean Pass^ shall have been obtained or procured for any such Ship or Vessel, then and in such Caie the same (had be delivered up at the same Time, and in like Manner, with the Certificate of Registry aforesaid, to the Person or Persons herein before authorised to receive such Certificate of Registry: And such Certificates I’o delivered up shall forthwith be transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively: And such al/*-diterranean Palles shall be also transmitted to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, by the Person or Persons herein before authorised to receive such Certificates and Fades, in order that the same may be cancelled.

‘XVI. And whereas the Provisions made in and by the Paid recited Act, touching the Indorsement on Certificates of Registry, in case of any Alteration of the Property in any Ship or Vessel, in the same Port to which the Ship or Vessel belongs, have been found insufficient be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in every such Case, besides the Indorsement required by the said recited Act, there shall also be indorsed on the Certificate of such Registry, before two Witnesses, the Towni Place, or Parish, where all and every Person or Persons to whom the Property in any Ship or Vessel, or any Part thereof, shall be so transferred, Iliad reiide; or if such Person or Persons usually reside in any Country not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, but in some British Factory, the Name of such Factory of which such Person or Periods is or are Member or Members; or if such Person or Persons reside in any foreign Town or City, and are not Members of some British Fadlory, the Name of such foreign Town or City where such Person or Persons usually reside, and also the Names of the House or Copartnership in Great Britain or Ireland, for or with whom such Person or Persons is or are Agent or Parmer, or Agents or Partners; and the Person or Persons to whom the Property of such Ship or Vessel shall be so transferred, or his or their Agent, shall also deliver a Copy of such Indorsement to the Person or Persons authorised to make Registry, and grant Certificates of Registry, as aforesaid, who are hereby required to cause an Entry thereof to be indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit upon which the original Certificate of Registry of such Ship or Vessel was obtained; and shall also make a Memorandum of the same in the Boole of Registers which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland\ under whom they respectively a£L

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel, belonging to any of his Majesty's Subjects, shall be transferred to any other or others of his Majesty's Subjects, in Whole or in Part, the Certificate of the Registry of such Ship or Vessel shall be truly and accurately recited, in Words at Length, in the Bill or other Instrument of Sale thereof, and that other wise such Bill of Sale shall be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, registered in Manner herein before directed, shall be changed, the Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vefld shall deliver to the Person or Persons herein before authorised to make such Registry, and grant such Certificates of Registry, at the Port where such Change shall take Place, the Certificate of Registry belonging to such Ship or Vefid; who shall thereupon indorse and subscribe a Memorandum of such Change, and shall forthwith give Notice of the same to the proper Officer of the Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel was last registered pursuant to this Act; who shall likewise make a Memorandum of the same in the Book of Registers which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XIX. And whereas many Frauds are committed by the frequent Change of Names given to Ships and Vessels, and the Difficulty of comparing the Entry in the Book of Registers, herein after directed to be kept by all such Person or Persons as are authorised to register Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates of the same, with the Registers of which they claim the Benefit, is thereby greatly increased be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, to give any Name to such Ship or Vessel, other than that by which (he was first registered in pursuance of this Act; and that the Owner or Owners of all and every Ship or Vessel which shall be so registered, shall, within one Month from the Time of such Registry, paint, or cause to be painted, in white or yellow Letters, of a Length not less than four Inches, upon a black Ground, on some conspicuous Part of the Stern (provided there shall be sufficient Space for that Purpose, but if not, then in Letters as large as such Space will admit), the Name by which such Ship or Vessel shall have been registered pursuant to this Act, and the Port to which (he belongs, in a distinct and legible Manner, and shall so keep and preserve the same; and that if such Owner or Owners, or Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall wilfully after, erase, obliterate, or in any wise hide or conceal, or cause or procure, or permit the same to be done, unless in the Case of Square-rigged Vessels in Time of War, or shall in any written or printed Paper, or other Document, describe such Ship or Vessel by any Name, other than that by which the was first registered pursuant to this Act, or shall verbally describe, or cause or procure or permit such Ship or Vessel to be described, by any other Name, to any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue, in the due Execution of his or their Duty, then) and in every such

Certificate to be recited in all Transfers of Property.

Changes of Masters of Vessels to be indorsed on Certificates of Registry, dec.

No Chsrgeto be made in Ships Names, which, and their Ports, me ft be painted Conspicuously as the VcUcla,

tool. Penalty Haltering, &C, hi

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

C. 60.

ny

such Case, such Owner or Owners, Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or VtilH, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall apply for a Certificate of the Registry of any Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, Guerrnsy, or the

ljk of Man, which shall be built, or whole Building shall be compleated, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall, and they are hereby required to produce to the Person or Persons authorised to grant such Certificate, a true and full Account, under the Hand of the builder of such Ship or Vessel, of the proper Denomination, and of the Time when, and the Place where, such Ship or Vessel was built; and also an exact Account of the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Name of the first

Purchaser or Purchasers thereof (which Account such Builder is hereby directed and required to give under his Hand, on the same being demanded by such Person or Persons so applying for a Certificate as aforesaid); Entity, and shall also make Oath, before the Person or Persons herein before authorised to grant such Certificate (which Oath he or they are hereby authorised to administer), that the Ship or Vessel for which such Certificate is required, is the same with that which is so described by the Builder as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons who, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall apply for such Certificate as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, or Territories, shall, before such Certificate is granted, produce the like Account, under the Hand of the Builder, and take the like Oath as is herein before required to be produced and taken by Persons applying for the like Certificate in Great Britain.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Certificate of the Registry of any Ship or Vessel which shall be obtained in pursuance of this Act, shall happen to be lost or mislaid, a

Register and Certificate de novoy in the Form herein before directed, shall be granted for such Ship or Vessel,

according to the Regulations contained in an Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- iccordm* to Act jest King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Plantation Trade; and for 15 Geo. *. c. 31. Relief of Afer chants importing Prize Goods fr<rm America; and/or preventing collusive Captures there; and for obliging the Claimers of rejfels seized for Exportation of Wool, or any unlawful Importation, to give Security for Cojls; and for allowing East India Goods to be taken out of Warehouses, in order to be cleaned and refreshed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Security to be Case such Security shall be given as is herein before directed; and that kn lieu of the Oath directed to be s,?c.n»

taken by the said recited Act, the like Oath shall be taken and subscribed, as is herein before directed to cenificatei, and be taken and subscribed by the Owner or Owners of such Ships and Vessels as are required to be registered oath made a* by Virtue of this Act. herein before directed, infteid of the Oath 15 Geo. 2. c. 31.

Persons applying far Certificates in Great Britain, See, to produce a particular Account of the Ships from the Builders, and make Oath to their Persons making

Application in the Colonies, after Jan. 1, 1787. to conform to the Particulars in the Uft Clause.

If Certificates be lost, new ones to be granted,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel, after she shall have been registered pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall in any Manner whatever be altered in Form or Burthen, by being lengthened or built upon, or shall be altered from a Sloop to a Brigantine, or from any one Denomination of a Vessel to another, by the Mode or Method of rigging or fitting, in such Case such Ship or Vessel shall be registered de novo, in Manner herein before required, as soon as (he returns to the Port to which she belongs, or to any other Port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of this Act, on Failure whereof such Ship or Vessel shall to all Intents and Purposes be considered, and deemed and taken to be a foreign Ship or Vessel.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners of all such Ships and Vessels as shall be taken by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or by any private or other Ship or Vessel, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty, shall, upon registering such Ship or Vessel, before he or they shall obtain such Certificate as aforesaid, produce to the proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs a Certificate of the Condemnation of such Ship or Vessel, under the Hand and Seal of the Judge of the Court in which such Ship or Vessel shall have been condemned (which Certificate such Judge is hereby authorised and required to grant), and also a true and exact Account, in Writing, of all the Particulars contained in the Certificate herein before set forth, to be made and subscribed by one or more skilful Persons to be appointed by the Court to survey such Ship or Vessel; and shall also make Oath before the said Officer (which he is hereby authorised and required to administer) that such Ship or Vessel is the same Vessel which is mentioned in the Certificate of the judge aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel which shall be taken and condemned as Prize in any Court of Admiralty as aforesaid, shall be registered in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, although belonging to his Majesty's Subjects residing in those Islands. or in some one or other of them; but in order that the Duties now by Law due and payable to his Majesty on such Ships and Vessels may be levied and collected, the same shall be registered either at Southampton, Weymouth, Exeter^ Plymouth, Falmouth) Liverpool, or Whitehaven, by the Collector and Comptroller at such Ports respectively, who are hereby authorised and required, after the Receipt of the said Duties, to register such Ship or Vessel, and to grant a Certificate thereof, in the Form and under the Regulations and Rest ri ft ions in this Act contained.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all the Cases where any Ship or Vessel, so taken and condemned as aforesaid, in any of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories aforesaid, shall be registered, and obtain a Certificate of such Registry in Manner herein before directed, an exact; and particular Account shall be subjoined to such Certificate, of the Sum for which such

Ships, if altered, must be rtgiftered anew, or to be deemed foreign.

The Condemn* lion of Prises, and the Particulars of the Vessels, &c. must bo produced, to intitle to a Certificate of Registry.

Prise? condemned in Guernsey, &c. to be registered at Southampton, dec.

The Sum on Oath, for which a Priae fold in the Colonies, to be subjoined to the Ccruficue.

n8

Certificate to express in what Part the Ship was built.

Ship! already registered to exchange their Certificates for new ones, and others n'lw required to be registered, to apply for Certificates, &c.

Timpt allowed for obtaining such Certificates.

C. 60. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Ship or Vessel shall have been sold, verified by the Oath of the Person or Persons who shall apply for such. Registry and Certificate, in order that the aforesaid Duties due and payable to his Majesty, may be the better levied and collected, upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in any Port or Place of Great Britain where such Duties are by Law due and payable.

XXVIII. And whereas the Trade to and from his Majesty's European Dominions, and the Colonies,

Plantations, Islands, and Territories, in Asia, Africa, and America, to his Majesty belonging, is now by Law confined to such Ships only as are of the Built of Great Britain and Ireland, the Islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, and Man, and of the said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, and Territories: And whereas Ships wholly owr ed by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, can be legally used and employed only in the European rade of this Kingdom, and the same are, by virtue of this Act, allowed to be continued in the said Trade until the same shall be worn out; and it is therefore necessary to distinguish such Ships and Vessels respectively in the Certificates to be granted pursuant to this Act;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Certificates which shall hereafter be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall distinguisti whether such Ships or Vessels be of the Built of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernsey, Jet fey, or the Isle of Man, or the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories aforesaid, or of any foreign Country; and shall, if British-built, be intituled. Certificate of British Plantation Registry; and if such Ships be Foreign-built, shall be intituled, Certificate of Foreign Ships Rest/lry for the European Trade, British Prrierty, as the Case may be.

XXIX. And whereas many Foreign-built Ships and Vessels belonging to, or pretending to belong to,

his Majesty's Subjects, have, by fraudulent Contrivances, and under false Pretences, obtained Registers, by virtue of which such Ships and Vessels are at present used and employed, contrary to the Laws now in force, in the Trade to and from his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, in Asia,

Africa, and America; and it is therefore expedient and necefliry, for detecting the Frauds at pfelent committed, and for preventing the same in future, that all Pvegiflers heretofore granted should be called in,

and delivered up to the proper Officer to be cancelled, and that new Registers, of the Form herein be- fore described, should be granted in lieu thereof, in the Manner herein before directed, to all such Ships or Vessels as shall appear to be legally intitled to the same: And whereas it is expedient to specify and direct at what Time, and in what Manner, all other Ships and Vessels, which are not now by Law re- quired to be registered, should hereafter be registered, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act,

and should receive Certificates according to the Form and in the Manner herein before directed Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, be authorised and required, and they are hereby authorised and required, to give publick Notice, by all such Ways and Means as they shall judge most proper and effectual, that within a certain reasonable Time or Times, as may be best adapted to the Distance of the Ports to which the Ships and Vessels owned by his Majesty's Subjects shall respectively belong, to be by them specified and published. Certificates of Registry, according to the Form herein before described, will be ready to be granted, in Manner herein before directed, to all such Ships and Vessels as shall be legally intitled thereunto; and that the Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel not heretofore required to be registered, shall, on the first Arrival of every such Ship or Vessel at the Port or Place to which (he belongs, after the Expiration of the Notice herein before directed, cause such Ship or Vessel to be registered, and shall obtain a Certificate thereof, in Manner herein before directed; and that the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, which shall have been heretofore registered, shall in like Manner, upon the first Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at the Port or Place to which (he belongs, after the Expiration of the Notice herein before directed, cause such Ship or Vessel to be again registered, and obtain a certificate thereof, according to the Form and in the Manner herein before described, and shall then deliver up the Register before granted, if the same be not lost or mislaid, and if the same shall have been lost or mislaid, shall make Oath before the proper Officer of the Customs, that such Register has been lost or mislaid, and shall give Security in like Manner as is directed and required by the said Act passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in the Case of Registers and Certificates de novo.

XXX. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Expiration of the Notice herein before directed, twelve Months shall be allowed to all Ships and Vessels belonging to any of the Ports of Great Britain, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, to be registered and obtain Certificates, according to the Form and in the Manner herein before described; and that, in like Manner, from and after the Expiration of the Notice herein before directed, eighteen Months shall be allowed to all Ships and Vessels belonging to any of the Ports in his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in Africa or America, to be registered, and to obtain Certificates according to the Form, and in the Manner herein before described; and that, in like Manner, from and after the Expiration of the Notice herein before directed, thirty Months shall be allowed to all Ships and Vessels trading or fishing beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or Cape Horn, to be registered, and obtain Certificates according to the Form, and in the Manner herein before described: And that at the End of the said Term of twelve Months, with respect to such Ships and Vessels as belong to the Ports of Great Britain, and the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alan; and in like Manner, at the End of the said Term of eighteen Months, with respect to ail Ships and Vessels that belong to any of the Ports of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in Africa or America; and in like Manner, at the End of the said Term of thirty Months, with respect to all Ships and Vessels trading or fishng beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or Cape Horn, no other Register or Certificate shall be of Force or Effect except such as shall be granted in pursuance of this Act; and that all other Registers and Certificates shall from thenceforth be utterly null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. 119

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall Certificatei may happen that any such Ship or Vessel, from any unavoidable Necessity, or reasonable Cause, shall not return be, gran!.ed» to the Port to which (he belongs within the Time herein before limited, it shall and may be lawful for the rvo!Zbie°Ne-ft" Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, and they ceflity, A?pii-are hereby required, up:>n Proof being made to their Satisfaction of such unavoidable Necessity or reasonable cation could not Cause, to cause such Ship or Vessel to be registered upon the Terms and Conditions, and under the Regu- hemadcinTime lations and Restrictions directed and required by this Act $ any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof 1,nmed# notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel, which by this Act Ship* leaving is directed to be hereafter registered, or which is directed, instead of the Register now required by Law, to Port without take out a new Register, according to the Form', and in the Manner herein before described, shall be permitted, Certificates to be after her first Arrival at the Port to which (he belongs, at the Expiration of the Notice herein before direct- for C1U ed, to clear outwards to foreign Parts or Coastwise, or to proceed to Sea in order to fish on the Coasts, or for any other Purpose whatever, as a British Ship or Vessel, or shall be in any wise intitled to the Privileges of a British Ship or Vessel, unless the Owner or Owners thereof shall have obtained a Certificate according to the Form, and in the Manner herein before described; and in case any such Ship or Vessel shall depart from such Port without being registered, and without having obtained a Certificate as aforesaid, every such Ship or Vessel shall be fubiedf to Forfeiture, and also all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, to such Ship or Vessel belonging.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the Expiration of the No- If Ships be tice aforesaid, any Ship or Vessel (being square-rigged) shall be found in any Port within the Distance of twenty Leagues by Water from the Port to which lhe belongs, or if any Vessel, not being square-rigged, lwhich they be-be found within any Port, other than that to which (he belongs, without having obtained the Certificate long, without of Registry herein before directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Principal Officer or Certificates, Officers of such Port, and he or they is and are hereby required to detain such Ship or Vessel, until the Bond must be Mailer, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall, if such Ship or Vessel be under the Burthen of fifty Tons, give Security by Bond in the Penalty of fifty Pounds, in Manner herein cuare^ p after directed; and if such Ship or Vessel shall exceed the Burthen of fifty Tons, and shall not exceed that of one hundred Tons* then until the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall, in like Manner, give Security by Bond in the Penalty of one hundred Pounds; and if such Ship or Vessel shall exceed the Burthen of one hundred Tons, then until the Master, or other Person having or takiq£the Charge or Command thereof, shall, together with one sufficient Security (to be approved by such Principal Officer or Officers), give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be taken by such Officer or Officers, in the Penalty of :wo hundred Pounds, with Condition that such Master, or other Person lb having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall forthwith repair with her, as soon as conveniently may be (or being employed in the Fiftiery on the Banks of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, at the End of the Fishing Season), to the Port to which (he belongs, and there cause her to be registered, and procure a Certificate of such Registry, in the Form and Manner herein before directed, and produce and deliver to such Officer or Officers such Certificate of Registry, within the Time limited in the Condition of such Bond; which Limitation of Time such Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorised to fix, according to the Distance which such Ship or Vessel may be from the Port to which (he belongs, and the Nature of the Voyage in which (he may then be engaged, and on Failure of producing and delivering such Certificate as aforesaid, such Bond shall be forfeited; but if such Certificates shall be produced and delivered to such Officer or Officers within the Time so limited in the Bond, such Bond shall be void and of none Effect, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to cancel the same: And in case any square-rigged Ship or Vessel, after the Expiration of the Notice aforesaid, shall be found in any Port distant more than twenty Leagues by Water from the Port to which (he belongs, or that the Water at the Entrance of the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, shall be so shallow as not to admit her Entrance into the same, without endangering the Safety of such Ship or Vessel, the Matter, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, within forty-eight Hours after his Arrival at such Port as aforesaid, make known his Arrival to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs, or other Principal Officer of such Port, and shall require such Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer, to cause his Ship or Vessel to be surveyed by the proper Officer at such Port, who shall be appointed pursuant to the Directions of this Act to survey Ships and Vessels there, and who shall accordingly make a perfect and accurate Survey thereof, and certify the several Particulars thereof in like Manner as is herein before directed; and such Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer, shall immediately transmit the said Certificate of Survey to the Persons authorised to register Ships and Vessels, and grant Certificates of Registry, at the Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, who thereupon, and upon all thfc other Requifices of this Act being complied with, shall register such Ship or Vessel, and grant a Certificate of the Registry thereof pursuant to this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer or Officers of the Customs in the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be (0 found, and he or they are hereby authorised and required to detain such Ship or Vessel, until a perfect and accurate Survey thereof shall be made in Manner herein before directed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Expiration of the Notice herein before required, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every Ship or Vessel which shall have been registered, and shall have procured a Certificate of the Registry, according to the Directions of this Act, shall, upon Demand, produce such Certificate of Registry to the Principal Officer or Officers of every Port in his Majesty's Dominions, or to the British Consul, or Chief British Officer

If square-rigged Vessels cannot enter the Porta tp which they belong, Certificates may be obtained upon the r being surveyed, &c. at the Port where they tiuch.

Certificates of Registry to be produced at every Port, on Penalty of 100 1«

120

Cerr.ficatet, &c. In be numbered, and an Account, of them to be transmitted to the Commissioneu of Cuf-. torn*.

Penalty for Neglect.

Copies of Certificates granted in Scotland to be annually transmitted to the

Custom-house’ in England. Sum* to be paid on first Regillry of Ships built prihr to May I, 17R6, in li u of Stamp-dtflie', Ire.

S»arr p-dutifi to continue to be paid, on Tfanffers 0/ Property.

Prtey Council teay order Ship* to be registered, to *hom they have bren granted or prom i fed in ernfidera ion of their Seivi-ers, though not otherwise intitled thereto, Itc.

Suits commenced in tie Colonies touching Re?i<!en granted fir h Sh*ps may be stopt till his Majesty's Pleasure be known.

C. 60. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

ficer in any foreign Port to which such Ship or Vessel shall arrive, for the Inspection of such Officer or Officers, British Consul, or Chief British Officer, in order to satisfy him or them that (he has been properly registered, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer at every Port and Place where Registers and Certificates shall be granted in pursuance of this Act, shall progressively number the same as they shall be severally granted, beginning such progressive Numeration at the Commencement of each and every Year and shall enter an exact Copy of every such Certificate, with the Number thereof, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose; and shall also forthwith, or within one Month at the furthest, transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London and Edinburgh, under whom they respectively act, a true and exact Copy, together with the Number of every Certificate which shall be by him lo granted; and that if any such Officer or Officers shall neglect or refuse so to do, he or they so offending shall for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall, for the second Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and be dismissed from his or their Office or Offices.

XXXVI. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland shall in like Manner transmit, at the End of every Month in each Year, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, true and exait Copies of all such Certificates as shall be granted*by them, or by any Officer or Officers within the Limits of their Commission in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of all Stamp Duties no\v by Law imposed on such Bonds as shall be entered into by the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel built before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, upon such Ship or Vessel being first registered, and obtaining a Certificate, in pursuance of this Act, there shall be paid the Sum of one Shilling, and no more; and that in lieu of all P ees and Perquisites now payable to any Person or Persons, on the Registry of any Ship or Vessel, so built before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be paid on the first Registry of every such Ship or Vessel, pursuant to this Act, the following Sums, and no more; (that is to say), By all Ships or Vessels decked, or of the Burthen of fifteen Tons, and not exceeding fifty Tons, the Sum of one Shilling and Sixpence, and no more; and by all Ships or Vessels exceeding hfty Tons, and not exceeding one hundred Tons, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more and by all Ships or Vessels exceeding one hundred Tons, and not exceeding two hundred Tons, the Sum of three Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and by all Ships or Vessels exceeding two hundred Tons, the Sum of five Shillings and no more; which several Sums shall be payable to such Officers respectively, in the same Shares and Proportions in which the Sums now payable are distributed: Provided always, That the Stamp Duties, Fees, and Perquisites now due and payable upon the Registry of, or Transfer of Property in, any Ship or Vessel, shall continue to be paid as heretofore, save and except upon the first Registry, in pursuance of this Act, of any Ship or Vessel built and registered before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

XXXVIII. And whereas, since the Conclusion of the iate War, Registers have been granted or pro- mifed to Ships and Vessels not thereunto by Law intitled, by his Majesty's Governors, or by the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, in consideration of Services rendered to the Public by the Owners of such Ships

and Vessels, at the Time of evacuating the Countries, or Towns, and Ports held by his Majesty's Forces in the Countries now belonging to the United States of America, or in considerat.on of the Removal of Families, to whom such Ships and Vessels belong, into the Countries now belonging to his Majesty: AikI 4 whereas Registers have also in some Cases been ib granted or promised to other Ships and Vessels, by the Governors of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, ifiands, and Territories, unde r Misconception of the Laws relating thereto, and the Property of such Ships or Vessels has bona fide, and without Fraud, been transferred to others of ms Majesty's Subjects, who under the Protection thereof now ule and employ such Ships and Vessels: And whereas ft may be therefore just and reasonable, in particular cases, where no Fraud or Collusion shall appear to have been practised, that such Ships and Vessils shall be admitted to a

Registry, and that a Certificate should be granted to the Owners thereof pursuant to this Act Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order any such Ship or Vessel, under the Circumstances before mentioned, to be registered, and to have a Certificate thereof, according to the Form and in the Manner herein before described and directed, if his Majesty in his Wisdom shall think fit; and in case any Suit ffiali have been commenced for the Condemnation of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by Order in Council, to direct all Proceedings thereupon to be (laid, either absolutely, or upon such Terms or Conditions as his Majesty shall think fit.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Qi^JI and may be lawful for any Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of any of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required, in any of the Cases aforesaid, if any Suit, Information, Libel, or other Prosecution or Proceeding of any Nature or Kind whatever, shall have been commenced, or shall hereafter be commenced, in any Court whatever, in any of the said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories respectively, touching the Force and Effect of any Register granted to any Ship or Vessel, in any of the Circumstances aforesaid, upon a Representation made to any such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, to cause all Proceedings thereon to be (laid, if he shall see just Cause Ib to do, until his Majesty's Pleasure be known, and certified to him by his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council; and such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, is hereby required to transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be laid before his Majesty in Council, an authenticated Copy of the* Proceedings in every such Case, together

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60, 61. 121

with his Reasons for causing the same to be staid, and such Documents (properly verified) as he may judge necessary for the Information of his Majesty.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons authorised and required by this Act, in respect of his or their Office or Offices, to perform any Act or Thing directed and required to be done or performed pursuant to any of the Provisions of this Act, shall wilfully neglect or re-fiife to dp or perform the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Person or Persons so neglectine or refusing shall, on being duly convicted thereof, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and for the second Offence shall forfeit, in like Manner, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and mail from thenceforth be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Employment relative to the Revenue, or in any Civil Capacity whatever.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely make Oath to any of the Matters herein before required to be so verified, such Person or Persons shall suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are incurred by Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury; and that if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erale, alter, or faliify any Certificate required or directed to be obtained by this Act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Certificate so counterfeited, eraled, altered, or falsified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures in-flifted and incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in fucti Courts, and be disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalties or Forfeitures* inflicted, or which may be incurred for any Offence committed against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the Officer or Officers concerned in Seizures or Profecu tio ns under this Act, shall be intitled to and receive the lame Share of the Produce arising from such Seizures, as in the Case of Seizure for unlawful Importation, and to such Share of the Produce arifulg from any pecuniary Fine or Penalty, for any Offence against this Act, as any Officer or Officers is or are now by any Law or Regulation intitled to, upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

XLIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Matter contained in the said herein before recited Acts, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, touch Mg the Trade, Shipping, and Navigation of Great Britain, and the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, and Territories aforesaid thereunto belonging, which is not hereby expressly altered or repealed, shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and so far as the same relate to the Registry of Ships and Vessels, shall be deemed and taken to extend and apply in every Respect to all Ships and Vessels authorised and required by this Act to be registered, and to have Certificates of Registry.

XLIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ships and Vessck belonging to his Majesty's Subjects residing in the Kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and registered according to the Laws now in force, shall continue to enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages to which such Ships and Vessels were by Law intitled before the passing of this Act, until the End of four Calendar Months from the Commencement of the first Session of the Parliament of Ireland which shall hereafter fit, during the Space of four Calendar Months, without Prorogat.on or Dissolution; and that from the End of that Tunc, every Ship or Vessel which shall, by virtue of the Authority of any Act that may be passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, be qualified and registered in any of the Ports of the said Kingdom of Ireland, under similar Regulations and Restrictions to those herein before contained, shall continue to enjoy, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, all the Privileges and Advantages of a British-built Ship, or Foreign-built Ship, owned by his Majesty's Subjects, as the Case may be, according to the Provisions of this Act.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

w 2,600,000l. granted out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the current Year. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 2,600,000l. or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the 44 Sinking Fund. If it shall be judged more advisable, the Treasury may raile the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and toe Buis in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribed by the Land Tax Act of this Session. The said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Sinking Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 2,600,000l. notwithstanding 5 and 6 Gul. ti?

Maria. The Sum of 582,488/ 155. 9 d. 3 7. remaining in loe Exchequer on Jan. 5, 1786;

44 628,982l. os. id. Surplus of Sinking Fund, Slpril 5, 1786; 82,386l. Surplus of Gd. Deduction; 44 16,491 /. 5 s. Surplus of Wine Duties; 20,231 /. 15 s. Surplus of Glais Duties; 12,735 lS s Surplus of

Vellum Duties, iffc.; 40,414l. 9 s. 5 d. 3 a. Surplus of Two-sevenths Excite; 100,508 /. 13 s. 1 d. 3 7. of

Imprest, &c.; 290,810l. 4 s.6d. 1 y.Surplus of Grants for Land Services in 1784; and 21,568 /. 13 s. 2d. 37. 44 Surplus for Chelsea Hospital, to be issued towards the Supply. 65,575 /. 45. 1 d. 2 7. of Army Savings ui 44 1785, to be applied towards the extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces. Monies- arising by the Land Tax Act, Malt Act, Loans (1,500,000l.), further Loans (1,000,000l.), further Bills (3,000,000l.), Lottery Act; 582,488l. 155. 9d. 37. remaining in the Exchequer, jan. 5, 1786; 628,982l. id* 44 Overplus of Grants in 1786; 82,3861. Surplus of Sixpence Deductions; 16,491l. 5 s. Surplus of Wine Duties; 20,281l. 15 s. Surplus of Glass Duties; 12,735 /. 15;. Surplus of Vellum Duties; 40,414l. 26 Geo. III. R gr.

Penalty oa Neglect of Doty,

Persons making false Oiths guilty of corrupt

i-V'jury; and faiiilying or using false Certificates ;o forfeit 500l.

How Penalties are to be recovered, and what is Me Officer* Share,

AH AflsreUtire to Trade to remain in force, except such Parts as ar« hereby repealed.

Ships of Ireland lawfully qualified and legillered there, to enjoy the Privileges of British* built Ships, &C

122

fefetmbk*

C. 61, 62. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

44 qs. 5 d. tq. Surplus of Two-sevenths Excise; 100,508l. 13s. id. 3q. of Imprest; 290,810l. 4s.

44 6d. 1 q. for Land Forces, fcrY. 1784; 21,568l. 13*. 2 d. 3 q. for Chelsea Hospital; and 2,600,000l.

granted by this Act out of the Sinking Fund, shall be applied (with the Residue of the Monies arising trom the Sale of French Prizes, tsc.) to the Uses following; 2,428,326l. 18 s. 8d. for Naval Services;

44 287,096l. 17s. id. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, (or 1786; 59,781l. for completing Works at Porifmouthy t$c,; 1,978,154l. 15 s* o d. 3 q. towards maintaining the Land Forces, lAc. viz*

44 647,005l. 8d. for defraying the Charge of 17,638 effectice Men, Officers, &c.i 234,160l. cs. 11 d.

for Forces in the Plantations, idc.; 6,358l. 3 s. for Difference between British and Irish Establishments of fix Regiments, Use.; 6,400l. 8s. for Pay of General and Staff Officers; 2^,378l. 7l. 8</. 27.

for supernumerary Officers, Qc.; 8,230l. 8 s. yd. 17. for Regiments serving in the East Indies;

44 59.320 /. 13 s. tid. to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War, csY.; 11,409l. 7 r. for Widows Kenfions; 172,666l. 10 j. 5^. for reduced Officers; 333l. 9 r. 7</. for reduced Officers, &c. of the Horse Guards; 175,016l. y s. 9d. for Cheljta Hospital; 53,502l. 17s. 2d. for Officers of British American Forces; 3,535l. 6</. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 2,377l. 8 i. if.

for Difference between the British and Irish Establishments for several Battalions in 1784 and 1785;

44 364l. 5 s. 11 d. for Difference between British and /r^Effebli some nts for four Companies of Foot in 1786;

44 573,087l. 8r. zd.zq. for extraordinary Expences of Land Forces: 180,000l. to discharge Exchequer Bills of 22 and 23 GY*. 3.; 30,000l. to discharge Arrears of Civil List; 1,500,000l. to discharge Exchc- quer Bills of 25 Geo. 3.; 1,000,000l. more for paying off Exchequer Bills, ay Geo. 3.; 1,000^00ot.

for paying off Bills made out by virtue of another Act of the same Year; 2,000,000l. for paying off Bills of 21 Geo. 3.; 12,259l. 9l. 2 d. issued in pursuance of Addreflis of the House of Commons;

44 25,000l. towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House; 6,000l. for erecting a House adjoining 4i the Admiralty; 3,851l. 171. 6 for the Civil Establishment of Afoa Scotia; 1,900l. for the Civu

Establishment of the Island of 5l. in America; 1,816l. icj. 7^. 1 a. for a Demand due to the late John Ellis Esq.; 2,660l. for the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands; 2,100l. for the Island of Cape Breton; 580l. for the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermudas; 4,300l. for the Civil Efta- blishment of New Brunswick; 13,000l. for Forts, in Africa; 6,500l. for purchasing Lands in 5l.

44 Vincent; 6,356l. for the Purchase of the Soil of the Bahama Islands; 9,000l. to the Commissioners of Publick Accounts; 1,0004 to make good a like Sum issued to the Secretary to the (kid Commissioners;

44 1,681l. i8j. 4 d* for Prosecution of Coiners; 1^,939l. 5 r. o</. if. for the Mint; 5,784l. for New

Roads, WY. in the Highlands; 10,000l. to the Commissioners for enquiring into Claims of American I

Loyalists; 178,750l. to Persons who have proved Losses in America; 55,000l. for Relief of American Civil Officers, t/r.; 3,888 /. 4l. to make good alike Sum issued to the Secretary of the said Commissioners; 62,059l. 5l. to make good a like Sum issued to American Civil Officers; 3,750l. 14s. to make good a like Sum paid for I ees at the Exchequer; 2,426l. 9 s. to make good a like hum paid fer Passage, &c. of Commissioners to America^ t£c.*? 16.061 /. 16 s* 3 d. to make good a like Sum iflbed

to discharge Bills drawn by Governors in America, or.; 1,377l. 6 j. for Damages sustained at Awr*

sham^ by the blowing up of Powder Mills; 4,106l. 10s. for Loss by Seizure of the ShipLaGntf}

2,500l. for the Disclosure of a Method of dying Turkey red; 3,632l. 11 s. c d. for the Payment for "

Lands purchased under Act 23 Geo. 3. cap. 87; 12,869l. iij. 7^. 37. for Compensation for Lands purchased near Portsmouth; 17,388 /. iij. 1 </. for Compensation for Lands purchased, &c. near fty- r

mouth, under Act 24 GY*. 3. 29, &f*\j 21,560l. 5 r. 7*/. to Duncan Campbell Esq. for maintaining

Convids, (sY.; and 31,299l. 10 s. for Transportation, of Convids. 5.65,719/* 4</. to

replace a like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund for Deficiencies of Duties on Tea, tdc.; 16,588l. 4*.

6 d. 3*. to make good Deficiencies of the Fund for paying Annuities granted 31 Geo. 2.; 180,357 /.

3 s. 6d. 1 q. to make good the Deficiency on the Grant for Payment of Annuities, 18 Geo. 3.;:

15,991 / 5 s. zd. zq. to make good the Deficiency on the Grant for Payment of Annuities, 19 Geo. 3.; '

141,864L 11 s. 8 d. to make good Deficiency on the Grant for Payment of Annuities, 20 Geo. 3.

361,963l. 3 s. \d. to make good the Deficiency on the Grant for Payment of Annuities, 23 Geo. 3.;

202,581 /. 7 s. yd.zq. to make good the Deficiency on the G rant for Payment of Annuities, 24 Geo. 3.;

127,138*. 31. zd. c-8ths, to make good Deficiencies of Grants for 1785. Supplies not to be applied to any other Uses than are directed by this Act* By an Act 25 Geo. 3. a Sum not exceeding 197,703 /.

7 s. 10 d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers. Overplus Monies, above satisfying Half Pay Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, life, in the late Wars, or to Officers- i Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct."

CAP. LXII.

An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by & Sale of Annuities, and, by increasing their Capital Stock.

WHEREAS the Publick stands indebted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in the Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, lent, at various Times, under the Authority of several Acts of Parliament, for which an Annuity is now payable to the said United Company, to the Amount of one hundred and twenty-six thousand Pounds, being an Interest;

on the said Debt, at and after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum: And whereas the said s

United Company, pursuant tathe Powers.contained in an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-third

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 62.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to the Proprietors of Annuities after the Rate effour Pounds per Centum per Annum, to fiufcribc the same in the Manner and upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not hefo subscribed; and for impowering the East India Company to raise certain Sums by transferrable Annuities; have borrowed and taken in by Subscription, from (undry Persons, the Sum of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds five Shillings, by a Grant of Annuities called India Annuities, which now carry an Interest at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, amounting to the yearly Sum of eighty-nine thousand seven hundred and seventy-three Pounds four Shillings: And whereas, for the Purpose of enabling the said United Company to carry on an extended Trade, and also to discharge the Demands to which they are liable, it is necessary and expedient that the said United Company should be enabled to raise a further Sum of Money than they are now enabled to do May :t therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or a;.y three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, at such Time or Times, an i r.\ such Manner, as they shall find to be most for the Advantage of the said United Company, to borrow and take in, by Subscription or otherwise, from any Person or Persons. Bodies Politick or Corporate, who shall be willing to advance the same, any Sum or Sums of Money, by the Sale or Mortgage of a Fund attended with an Annuity at the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, not exceeding in the whole the annual Sum of thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-six Pounds sixteen Shillings, being an Annuity due to the said United Company from the Publick, in consideration of one million two hundred and seven thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings, Part of the said Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds; which said Sale shall and may be made at such Price or Prices as the Court of Directors of the said United Company, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall think fit: and that, from and after the Time of such Sale, the said Annuities shall be paid and transferred in Idee Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders shall, in all Respects, hold their respective Shares of the said Fund, to be purchased as aforesaid, in like Manner, and upon the same Terms as the respective present Proprietors now hold and enjoy the respective Sums belonging to them in the said Annuity Fund of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds five Shillings; and the said Annuities, lb to be sold as aforesaid, shall be consolidated with the said Fund of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds five Shillings; and the said Debt of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, due from the Publick to the said United Company, and the Annuities payable in respect thereof, shall be a collateral Security to the Proprietors and Holders of the said Annuities, ft) to be sold or mortgaged as aforesaid, in the same Manner as for the said Sum of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty Pounds five Shillings, heretofore fold under the before recited Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, but subject neverthelefe to such and the like Proviso, or Condition of Redemption by the Company, as the said Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, due to the Company by the Publick, is or shall be subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, and they are hereby authorised and impowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the Hieh Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times hereafter, to open Books, and to receive Subscriptions from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for enlarging their present Capital Stock or Fund of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, to any Sum not exceeding the further Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock, so as to make their whole Capital Stock the Sum of four millions; which said additional Capital Stock shall be subscribed and paid for at the Rate of one hundred and sixty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of such Stock, or at such other Rate as the Court of Directors of the said United Company, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or of the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct; which feid subscription shall be made, and the Money for the said additional Stock shall be paid in such Manner and Form, and by such Instalments and Proportions, as the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint; and the Capital Stock so subscribed and paid for, shall, from and after the Time of such Payment, be deemed, considered, and taken, as and for a Part of the Capital Stock of the said Company; and the said Subscribers, from and inter the Time of making full Payment for the said additional Stock, and their respective Executors or Administrators and Assigns. shall at all Times be deemed and reputed to be Members of the said United Company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be intided unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the Profits, Benefits, Privileges, Advantages, and Immunities, and be subjc& and liable to all and every the Regulations, Rules, and Orders, where to the present Stockholders and Members of the said United Company, in respect to the Stock held by, and belonging to them, are respectively intitled, subject, and liable unto^ by any Act or Acts of Parliament, Charter, or Bye-law, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional stock shall be transferrable and adignable in the like Manner, and the Proprietors and Holders thereof shall hold their respective Shares of the said additional Stock in like Manner, as the respective present Stockholders of the said Company now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy the respective Sums now belonging

123

Rental of /1ft 23 Geo. *. c. *2«

Company 01 iy borr w, wim the Approbation of the freaiury, any Sum at 3 I. per Cent the annual Interest of Which dnrf not exceed 36,2261. |69«

The additional Annuit es to be paid on the same Terms as the Money borrowed under the re* cited Act, and

secured by the

Publick in the same Manner, &c.

Company muf

add to their Capital Stock Soo.ogo 1. by Subscription.

Subscribers to hi incorporated wi'h the Com* pan*, &c.

124

D<*I(*en3s on the dduional Stock to be paid as on the present Stock.

Preference in subscribing for the additional Stock may be given to the present Proprietors, so «s not to exceed 501. per Cent, on the Stock now held by them.

If Sum fa subscribed be more than Sufficient, a proportionable

Court of Director* may fell the whole or Part of the Stock, to one or more Person or Persons, with the Content of the Treasury* Receiptb to be given for Depo-£ta, end to be transferable by indorsement.

Depefits to be forfeited if Sub-feriptions are jiat duly paid.

Guardians may purchase for in-Jams, &c.

yf ublick

[Preamble.]

From Aug. i, 1786, no Letter of Attorney of

C. 62,63. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

to them in the present Capital Stock of the said United Company; and the same shall, in all Respects, be consolidated and united as one joint Stock-

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said United Company shall and may, from Time to Time, make and pay the like Dividends to the Proprietors of the said additional Stock, as they now do and hereafter shall and may make and pay to the Proprietors and Holders of the present Stock of the said United Company; the first of which said Dividends shall commence from such Time as shall be specified in the Proposals or Terms to be offered for the said Subscription by the said Court of Directors, with such Consent ami Approbation as aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to give the Option and Preference, in subscribing for the said additional Stock, to such Persons as shall hold the said Company’s Stock at the Time or Times of such Subscription as aforesaid, as far as, and not exceeding the Amount of fifty Pounds per Centum on the Capital Stock which shall then be held by each Stockholder so subscribing, for all such Sums as they shall subscribe on or before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six j and in case the Subscriptions, made by them on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall exceed the Sum proposed to be sold at that Time, a proportionable Deduction shall be made from each Subscription; and if such Subscription shall, on the Close thereof, on the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, fall short of the Sum proposed to be sold, the Deficiency shall be disposed of toother Persons, as the said Court of Directors, with Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit.

Deduction to be made from each Subscription.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain the Court of Directors of the said United Company, by and with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of the whole of the said Annuity hereby authorised to be fold, or for the Sale of the said additional Capital Stock, or for such Part or Parts thereof respectively as they shall from Time to Time think fit, and find it necessary and proper to fell; but it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, to contract for and agree to sell the whole, or any Part thereof, respectively, to one or more Person or Persons.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, as soon as reasonably may be after the Depositor first Payment shall be made for the said Annuities, hereby authorised to be sold, or for the said additional Stock to be subscribed fer, the said Company’s Cashier or Treasurer shall give a Receipt for the same, and so from Time to Time as future Payments shall be made, which said Receipts shall be assignable and transferable by Indorsement thereon; and when the first Payments shall be made on the said Annuities to be sold, and on the said additional Stock to be subscribed for as aforesaid, the Holder of such Receipt, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her Name entered, in proper Books to be kept by the said United Company for those Purposes, with an Account of the Annuity Fund or the Capital Stock belonging to each Proprietor, in like Manner as the Accounts of the present Proprietors of India Annuities and Stock are reflectively kept.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any Subscriber or Subscribers, after having subscribed, shall fail in making all or any the Payments agreed at the respective Tintes for such Payments, then, and in every such Case, the said United Company shall and may take in Subscriptions for and fell the Annuity Fund, or Stock subscribed for by such Defaulter, to any other Person or Persons, and all Deposits and Payments made by such Defaulter previous to such Default, shall be forfeited to, and become the Property of the said United Company.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Guardian or Trustee having the Disposition of the Money of any Infant, to purchase the said Annuities, and fub-scribe and pay for the said additional Stock, or any Part thereof respectively, upon the Terms and Conditions contained in this Act; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums by such Guardian or Trustee, shall be intitled unto the Annuities or Stock so subscribed and paid for on his Account, and to all Advantages in respect thereof, in like Manner as any other Purchaser or Subscriber; and the said Guardian or Trustee, as to the Sum or Sums advanced by him, shall be and is hereby discharged in respect thereof, fb as the Name of such Infant shall be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such* by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of petty Officers and Seamen on board any of his Majesty's Ships.

WHEREAS great Frauds and Abuses are daily practised in the receiving of Seamen’s Wages, notwithstanding former Acts of Parliament made for preventing the same :* For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of dugujl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Letter of Attorney,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 63.

torney, made by any Petty Officer or Seaman in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or Letter of Attorney made by the Executors or Administrators of any such Officer or Seaman, in order to impower or intitle any Person or Persons to receive any Wages, Pay, or Allowances of Money of any Kind, doe or 16 grow due for such Service, shall be good and valid, or sufficient for that Purpose, unless such Letter of Attorney shall be made and declared to be revocable by the express Words thereof; and that no Letter of Attorney, or Will, made by any Petty Officer or Seaman in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, whereby any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money of any Kind, due or to grow due for such Service, is authorised to be received or bequeathed, shall be good and valid, and sufficient for the Purpose, unless such Letter of Attorney, or Will, if made by any such Officer or Seaman then in the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, shall be signed before, and attested by, the Captain, or by the Officer then commanding, and one or other of the Signing Officers of the Ship to which such Petty Officer or Seaman shall belong, and shall specify in the Body thereof the Name of the Ship, and also the Number at which the Maker of such Will, or Letter of Attorney, stands upon the Ship’s Book; or by the Agent of any of his Majesty's Hospitals or Quarters appointed to receive sick and wounded Seamen, commonly called Sick Quartet r, in which such Petty Officer or Seaman may be for the Time; and unless such Letter of Attorney, or Will, if made by any such Officer or Seaman who shall have been discharged from the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or if such Letter of Attorney is made by the Executors or Administrators of any such Officer or Seaman, and made within the Bills of Mortality of the Cities of London and Westminster, is attested by an Officer to be appointed by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for the Purpose of inspecting the Wills, and Letters of Attorney, of such Officers and Seamen, or, if made at any of the Ports where Seamen’s Wages are paid, is attested by the Treasurer of the Navy’s Chief or Second Clerk there, or if made at any other Place, is attested by the Minister and Churchwardens of any Parish in England or Ireland^ or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ by the Minister and two Elders of the Parish where, such Petty Officer or Seaman, Executors or Administrators, shall respectively reside.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Letter of Attorney, and Will, shall contain the Name of the Ship to which the Person granting the same last belonged, and also the full Description of the Residence, Profession, or Business, of the Person to whom or in whose Favour the said Letter of Attorney, or Will, is made, and also the Day of the Month, and Place where the said Letter of Attorney, or Will. was executed.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such Letter of Attorney, or Will, shall be executed under the Hand and Seal of the Party, and attested in Manner above mentioned, the same shall not be delivered to such Party himself, or to any Person or Persons for his Behalf, but the same, if executed Abroad, shall be, with all convenient Speed, lent by the Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships, or Agent of his Majesty's Hospitals or Sick Quarters, at the Times when they transmit their respective Returns to the Navy and Sick and Hurt Boards; or, if executed in Great Britain or Ireland\ shall be sent by the Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships, Agents of his Majesty's Hospitals or Sick Quarters, Treasurer of the Navy’s Clerks, Minister of the Parish, or whoever of them shall attest such Letter of Attorney", or Will, by the General Poll, addressed to the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, at the Navy Pay Office, London.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy shall immediately deliver over the same to the Officer before mentioned, appointed for inspecting the Wills and Letters of Attorney of Seamen; which Inspector shall, immediately on Receipt of such Letter of Attorney, or YVill, duly register the same, in a Numerical and Alphabetical Manner, in a separate Book or Books, to be kept by him for the Purpose of registrating such Letters of Attorney, and Wills, specifying the Date of such Letter of Attorney, or Will, and the Place where executed, the Name and Addition of the Person in whose Favour such Letter of Attorney is granted, and the Name and Addition of the Executor or Executors named in such Wills, and the Names and Qualities of the Witnesses attesting the same; and the said Inspector is directed and hereby required, if the same shall appear to be witnessed by the Commander of any Ship, or Agent of his Majesty's Hospital or Sick Quarters, or Treasurer of the Navy’s Clerks, to examine and compare his Signature to the Attestation of such Letter of Attorney, or Will, with that set and subjoined to the Pay or Muster Books of such Ship, or with the Returns made by the Agent of such Hospital or Sick Quarters, or any Publick Accounts ligned by such Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy, to ail which Documents it is hereby directed he shall have free Access at all Times, or with any other Jnstruments which he may have in his Possession or Power and in case it Avail appear to him that such Letter of Attorney, or Will, is not genuine and authentick, he shall not pass the same, but shall give Notice by Letter, to be sent by the General Post, to the Person in whose Favour such Letter of Attorney is granted, or Person or Persons named Executor or Executors in such Will, informing him or them that the said Letter of Attorney, or Will, is stopt, and the Reason thereof; but if, upon such Examination and Enquiry, it shall appear to the said Lpspector that the said Letter of Attorney, or Will, is genuine and authentic^, he, or a Person authorised to officiate for him, shall sign his Name to such Letter of Attorney, or Will, and also put a Stamp thereon, to be made and kept (or the Purpose, in token of his Approbation thereof; and every such Letter of Attorney shall be kept as one or the Vouchers of the Treasurer of the Navy’s Accounts: And the said Intpecfor ftiali, immediately aiter such Enquiry and Approbation, give Notice by Letter, to be sent by the General Post to the Periim in whose Favoui Tucn Letter 01 Attorney is granted, that he has received and approved of the same, and lie shall at the same Time send to (uca Attorney a Check, specifying the Number of such Letter of Attorney, the Name and Audition of the Person granting tae lame, the Name and Addition of the Person in w\.oie Favour Lie lame is granted, the Date and Place wSen and where executed.

125

ft Petty Officer, &c. to be valid, unless made revocable.

Letters of Attorney, &c. to be attested by lh% Captain of the Snip, &c.

If made within the Biilsof Mortality, to be attested by an Officer appointed for that Purpose) if in any Out Port, by the Treasurer of the Navy’s Clerk; and in any other PI act’, by the Minister, &c. Particulars to be specified in Letters of Attorney and Wills.

Letters of Attorney, &c. to be transmiued tQ the Navy, or Sick and Hurt Boards, &c«

Letters of Attorney, Scc. to be delivered to the Officers appointed to io* spe£t them, who is to remitter them 9

and to examine the Signatures of the Witnesset;.

and where they appear not to be genuine, to Itop them, and acquaint the Par-l thereof, lr genuine, Ap-p-oh/it ion to be iiampt thtreon, and kept as Voucher* of the Navy Accounts, Notice to be sent to the Attornies when Pow-rs are approved, and alk» Checks to au*.

I 26

thorise them receive the Monty.

Notice of Approbation of Will# likewise to be sent, which will u horise the IxfCutor to obtain Probates.

Probates to be lodged with the Inspetior, and the same certified upon the Check.

Inspector to fead Checks to the Minister who transmits Power of Attorney, ice. to be delivered to the G rantort.

Letter* touching the Premiset to paf* free of Post.

Grants of Letters of Attorney Co be infected in the Monthly Return*.

The Steps to be taken to recover Wages, flee. due to Men dying latcftaic.

Penalty on Proctors, flee. assisting in procuring Prcbstet f Willi, Ire. contrary to this Act.

C. 63. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

cuted, and the Names of the Witnesses attesting the same, which said Check shall be signed and stamped by the said Inspector, or Person authorised to officiate for him, and shall to such Attorney (land in the Place of his original Letter of Attorney, and shall be to him a sufficient Authority to demand Payment of and discharge all such Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money, to which the Person granting the same was intitled for his Service on board any of his Majesty's Ships; and the said Inspection shall in like Manner give Notice, to be lent by ihe General Post to the Person or Persons named and appointed Executor or Executors in such Will, that such AVill is received and approved of; and the said Inspection shall number^ and register the said Will so signed and stamped by him as aforesaid, and shall make out a Check, in the Manner as above directed with respect to Letters of Attorney, which Check he shall forward in like Manner to the said Executor or Executors, and which shall be a sufficient Authority for them, or for their Attornies. to apply, upon the Testator’s Death, 16 the said Inspection, requesting that the Will may be directed and sent by him to a Proctor in Doctors Commons, where they may, on Application, obtain Probate thereof; which Probate, when obtained, shall be lodged with the said Inspector of Seamen’s Wills, who, or the Person authorised to officiate for him, is hereby directed to certify, upon the Check formerly delivered, that a Probate has been granted, and the Check shall then, to such Executor or Executors, (land in the Place of such Probate, and shall be lo him a sufficient Authority to demand Payment of and discharge all Sums that shall be due to him as Executor to the Party who made the said Will.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the above mentioned Inspector shall, in Return to all Letters of Attorney and Wilis received by him from Ministers of Parishes, give Notice as aforesaid to the said Minister who transmitted the same, and not to the Grantor thereof, of his having patted and approved of such Letter of Attorney, or Will, and fend the Check by the General Post, made out in the Manner above mentioned, to the said Minister; and which Notice from the said Inspector shall be addressed to the Minister of the Parish (naming the same), without inserting the Name of such Minister, to be delivered to him at his Manse or Dwelling House; and every such Minister of a Parish shall deliver the said Check to the Party who executed such Letter of Attorney or Will: And all Letters and Packets addressed to, or sent by, the said Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, or Inspector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be sent and received free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under the same Restrictions, as the Clerk Assistance, and Chief Clerk without Doors, of the House of Commons of Great Britain now (end and receive the same.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Captains and Commanders of Ships shall, upon their Monthly Muster Books or Returns, specify which of the Men mentioned in the said Returns, have granted any Letter of Attorney during that Month, or Space of Time from the preceding Returns, by inserting the Date thereof opposite to the Party’s Name.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Petty Officer or Seaman belonging, or who shall have belonged to any of his Majesty's Ships, shall die intestate, leaving any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money of any Kind, due to them in respect of such Service, the same shall not be paid unto any Representative of such Intestate, but upon Letters of Administration to be obtained in the following Manner; videlicet, The Person claiming such Administration shall give in a Note or Petition to the Inspector of Seamen’s Wills, dating the Name of the Deceased, and to what Part of his Majesty's Dominions he originally belonged, and the Name or Names of the Shin or Ships on board of which he served, together with his own Name and Addition at full Length, and his Relation to, or Connexion with the Deceased, and also what other Relations, to the bed of his Knowledge, the Deceased has alive at the Time, and where they are resident; and which Petition shall be certified by two reputable Housekeepers of the Parish, Town, or Place where such Petitioner is resident, certifying that they believe the Contents of the said Petition to be true; and which Petition and Certificate shall be further certified by the Minister of the Partth, and two of the Churchwardens, or two of the Elders, certifying that the two Persons who certified the Petition, in Manner above mentioned, are resident within the Parish, and Persons of good Repute: Whereupon the Inspection of Seamen’s Wills, as aforesaid, shall make such Enquiry as to him shall appear necessary for ascertaining the Truth of the said Petition; and ifi upon such Enquiry, he shall be satisfied of the Truth thereof, and it also appearing that no Will of such Deceased has been lodged with him, he shall deliver or fend, to the Person claiming to be such Administrator, an Abstract of the said Petition, with a Note or Ticket subjoined thereto, signed by the said Inspector, or Person authorised to officiate for him, and marked with his Stamp, certifying that the Contents of the said Petition appear to him to be true, and that the Person claiming to be Administrator may obtain Letters^of Administration to the Deceased, provided he is otherways intitled thereto by Law; which Certificate shall be directed by the Inspector to a Prodlor in Doflors Commons, for the Purpose that Letters of Administration may pass in favour of the Petitioner, if intitled thereto by Law, but not otherways; and such original Petition and Certificate shall be lodged and Temain in the Records of the Treasurer of the Navy, and be preserved by him; and the Letters of Actnini-(Iration, when obtained, shall be lodged and registered, in the same Manner with die Probates of Wills, in the Hands of the Inspection, who is hereby directed to erant a Check, signed and stamped by him. or by the Person authorised to officiate for him, to the Administrators, or their Attornies, which shall (land in the Place of the Administration, and be to them a sufficient Authority to demand Payment of and discharge all Sums that shall be due to them as Administrators to the Party deceased.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Prodlor, Reeilter, or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court, shall be aiding and assisting in procuring Probate of the Will, or Letters of Administration,

for the Purpose of enabling any Person to receive the Wages, Pay, Prize Money, or Allowance of Money of any Kind, due or becoming due for their Service on board any Ship or Ships then in, or formerly belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, without first obtaining the Certificate from the Inspector

127

1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6j.

’of Seamen’s Wills*and Letters of Attorney, or Person authorised to officiate for him, in Manner above di-iefted, every such Proctor, Register, or other Officer, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and for ever after be incapable of acting as Proctor, Register, or in any other Capacity, in any Ecclesiastical Court in Great Britain or Ireland.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, shall direct Abstracts of this Act to be printed, and that a competent Number of the Copies of the said Abstracts be delivered to the Captain or Commander of every Ship and Vessel of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and such Captain or Commander, as soon as the Ship or Vessel by him commanded shall be put into Sea Pay, shall cause one of the said printed Abstracts to be hung up and affixed to the most publick Place of such Ship or Vessel, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that they may at all Times be accessible to the Petty Officers and Seamen on board or such Ship or Vessel; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby charged and directed strictly to enquire whether the Directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said Abstracts, as aforesaid, have been duly observed by the Captain or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, and not to grant such Captain or Commander his General Certificate until they are fully satisfied thereof.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof.

WHEREAS the Mode established by the Laws and Regulations now in force, for charging and securing the Rates and Duties imposed upon Wort, Warn, and other Liquors, used, in that Pari c of Great Britain called Scotland, for the distilling of Spirits for Home Consumption, hath not been found to answer the good Purposes thereby intended within that Part of the United Kingdom, and it is therefore expedient to impose, in lieu thereof, a moderate Duty upon the said Wort, Wain, and other Liauors, to be ascertained by the Size or Content of the Stills there lawfully used in the making of Low Wines and, Spirits, and to impose a further equalizing Duty upon such Spirits, made in Scotland for Home Consump- tion, as shall be brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom ;* may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Rates and Duties granted and imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or which stand and remain discontinued or suspended, for any Time or Term, upon any Wort, Wash, or other Liquor, or any Mixture with the lame, for extracting of Low Wines or Spirits in Scotland or upon the Low Wines or opirits there made or manufactured, or upon any Licence required to be taken by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits from Corn or Malt in Scotland (save only and except any Arrears now due in respect of such Rates or Duties), shall be discontinued for the Space of two Years, to be computed from me fifth Day of July one thoidand seven hundred and eighty-six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of

Sify one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be substituted, charged, and paid to his ajesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Distillers or Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) for and during the aforesaid Term of two Years, the Races and Duties following; that is to

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Capacity or Content of each and every Still, including the Head thereof, which mail be used or employed by such Distiller or Maker of Spirits, for the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, or any Mixture with the same, the yearly Sum of one Pound ten Shillings Sterling:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Capacity or Content of each and every Still, including the Head thereof, which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Maker of Spirits, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the yearly Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings Sterling:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Capacity or Content of each and every Still, including the Head thereof, which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or Maker of Spirits for making Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refuted Wine, or foreign Cyder or Waft* prepared from foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the yearly Sum of three Pounds Sterling:

Which feid respective Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons, and at the respective Times, and in the Manner herein after mentioned: Provided that no Wash Still to be so licensed, shall be of a.Ids Content or Capacity, including the Head thereof, than fifty Gallons English Wine Measure;

and

Abstracts of this to be hung up in every Ship, and no C-*> tail to have hb General Geo. tificare till the Navy Board are satisfied it has been done.

Preamble!

The Duties no* payable io Scotland, on Distillation of Spirits, dec.to be difeon-. tinued for two Years, from July, 5-1786.

From July 5,

1786, there Hull, in lieu of the present Duties, be p,id the fallowing, viz.

For every Still X 1. los* annual* ly, hr each En ilish Wine Gallon of its Con ent«, where Briufh Materials are ufeJ.

For each Gallon of its Contents si. 10s. where Melalf-s or Sugar is used,

3 1. for every Gallon where otl er forciy n Materials ate used.

No Wash Still under joGallon* to be l.censed, nor then, unlef* herewith be li«

128

C. 64.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

censed a Spirit Still of one-four.b of it* Content.

No Diflill r to work without first taking out a Licence.

and that there be at the same Time licensed with every Wash Still, or Low Wine Still, a Spirit Still, of a Content or Capacity not less than one fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons whatever shall by him, ner, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatever, employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use or Benefit, work or erect any Still or Stills, for the diitillm?, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits, from Malt or Corn, or any of the Materials aforesaid, in Scotland, without first taking out a Licence or Licences for that Purpose; which Licences shall be, from Time to Time, granted by such Persons in Scotland as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall authorise and appoint, and which Persons shall be under and ilibjed to the Order and Controul of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, shall declare and direct, and which Licence the said Person or Persons so to be authorised are hereby directed to grant to all Persons who (had apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the same, ten Days at least befc,e he, she, or they shall so erect or work such Still or Stills, and first paying into the Hands of the proper Officer v>r Excise such Proportion of tile yearly Rate or Duty hereby imposed, according to the Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills so to be woiked or erected as aforesaid, as is herein after directed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller or Distillers, after obtaining such Licence as aforesaid, to prepare Wort, Wafti, or Tilts, for the Space of ten Days before the Time fixed by the said Licence, r ir commencing Distillation: Provided also, That such Distiller or Distillers shall not begin to bifid any Low Wines or Spirits, previous to the Time fixed by the said Licence for that Purpose, upon Pain of incurring all the Penalties and Forfeitures directed to be inflated on Persons working with unlicensed Stub.

if they begin to distil before such Commencement.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act shall continue in force twelve Calendar Months from the Date thereof, and no loiy< r, and that all and every Person or Persons wno shall take out any such Licence as aforesaid, and wno f 'l intend to continue to work any Still or Stills, alter the Expiration of such Licence, is and are hereby ured to take out a fielh Licence, ten Days at lead before the Expiration of twelve Calendar Months uer t..king out the former Licence, in Manner before directed, and to pay the like Sum upon the gianting evuy renewed Licence, as is by this Act provided and directed in the Case of the original or first Licence.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ft shall and may be lawful for every Person or Persons to take out a Licence or Licences under this Act, at any Period within the Space of six Weeks after the Com-ipencement of this Act, which Licence or Licences shall continue and be in force unul the fitih Day of July% which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; at which Period every Licence taken out under this Act shall cease and determine, unless renewed in the Manner herein after di-redled: Provided also, That every such Person or Perform who shall take out any Licence or Licences within the said six Weeks after the Commencement of this Act, shall be obliged to pay in Advance for such. Licence or Licences a rateable Proportion of the Licence Duty by this Act imposed, conesponding to the Number of Weeks or Days that shall be to run before the said fifth Day of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to take out a Licence or Licences under this Act at any Period during the first Year of this Act, which Licence or Licences shall be current to the fifth Day of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and such Person or Persons, upon taking < ut such Lic- nce or Licences, shall pay* down the Licence Duty by this Act imposed, as if such Licence or Licences had been taken out at the Expiration of the said first six Weeks as aforesaid, and shall also pay per Advance such rateable Proportion of the Duty for the Time that {lull remain of the said Licence or Licences being in force, in the Manner herein after directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, erect, work, or use any Still or Stills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt or Corn, or any other of the Materials aforesaid, in Scotland, or keep any such Still or Stills, without first taking out such Licence, or renewing the same yearly, in Manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of three Pounds Sterling for each Gallon English Wine Mcuiure of the Capacity or Content of such Still or Stills; and such Siillor Stills, with the whole Utenfds for brewing or manufacturing Wojts, Wafti, Low Wines or Spirits, in the Possession of such Person or fersons, tnail be seizeft and forfeited, and the said Still or Stills shall be complently destroyed in the P, deuce of the Magistrate before whom the said Still or Stills and Utensils shall be condemned; which Sums shall be levied and taken from every Offender, without Deduction or Mitigation, by any Court or Mugifttate whatever, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt or Corn, or any other of the Materials aforesaid, shall erect, work, use, or have in his* her, or their Possession any Still or Stills, upon any Pretence whatever, in any House or Place other than the House or Place previously entered by him, her, or them, at the proper Office of Excise, according to the several Laws in that Behalf made and provided, on Pain of forfeiting and loling the Sum of three Pounds Sterling,

DiAiiler? may prepare Wort 10 Day* before the Commencement of Licence*, but incur the Penalties for using unlicensed S*illa,

Licence* to be renewed annual* Ijr, ten Dayt be* fore Expiration.

Licence* may be taken out wi'hin fix Week* after July 5, 1786, which «ril) continue in force li'l July s, 1787, &c.

Licet* ee* may be taken out at any Time during the first Year, on \ he Terms herein specified.

IT I’c.’nfid Persons iifing Stills forfeit 3 1. for eich Grillrn of their Contents, and the Sul s, &c. to be de-firoved.

Persons ofing SiilU in unentered Places to forfeit 3 1. for e ;ch Gcll r. of tuair ConUuls,

s'

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64.

SterWng for each Gallon of the Capacity or Content of such Still or Stills, and of the further Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling for each Time it shall be proved that he, she, or they hath or have used such Still or Stills, the same to be levied without Mitigation in the Manner aforesaid, and the said Still or Stills shall be seized, forfeited, and destroyed in the Manner aforesaid, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon or previous to the granting of any such first or renewed Licence, the Person or Persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or they shall be intitled to such Licence, make Payment in Advance to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the same, of one sixth Part of the annual Duty hereby charged upon his, her, or their Stills, and shall afterwards, at the Expiration of the first two Months, and so afterwards at or before the End of every two Months of the unexpired Term of his, her, or their laid annual Licence, make Payment in Advance of a further proportional Part of the said annual Duty, in such Form and Manner as that the said Duty shall always be paid two Months in Advance into the Receipt of the Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of taking cut or receiving any such Licence as aforesaid, save only the actual Owner or Owners of the Still or Stills intended to be worked by virtue thereof, and of the Implements thereto belonging, and every Person and Persons demanding such Licence shall, if required, take and subscribe an Oath, before one or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or amr Justice of Peace for the County in which he, she, or they shall happen to re fide (and which Oath such Commissioners or Justice are and is hereby impowered to administer), that the said Still or Stills, and Implements, are his, her, or their Property, and that the Work intended to be carried on is at his, her, or their Risque, and on his, her, or their Account; and in every Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, there shall be exprdfed and specified the Christian Name or Names, and the Surname or Surnames of the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall be respectively granted, the Place or Places of his, her, or their respective Residence, and the Name of the Parish or Place where such Still or Stills are intended to be set up, erected, and used, together with the respective Dimensions or Gauges of such Still or Stills, and declaring for what particular Life each respective Still is intended to be employed, whether it be for the Distillation of Low Wines, or for the Distillation of Wash, and if for the Distillation of Wash, specifying from what Materials such Wash shall be prepared, and also specifying the Sum or Sums paid for the Duty, and the Times when the future Payments shall respectively become due, and when such Licence will ccafe and expire.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Words contained in the said Licence shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Distiller or Distillers to use his Wash Still in distifiing of Spirits, or his Spirit or Low Wine in distilling of Wash, upon Notice being previously given to the Officer, and the Cause dated for such Alteration in the said Notice.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Person or Persons to be named as aforesaid to grant, or to authorise any other Person or Persons to grant, to any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or to any Common Brewer or Victualler, any Licence for working, erecting, or keeping of any Still or Stills, for the distilling of Wash or Low Wines, so long as he, she, or they doth or shall continue to carry on the Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or Common Brewer or Victualler for brewing or felling of Beer or Ale in Scotland; and that no Person or Persons shall be allowed, during the Continuance of this Act, to carry on the Trade of a Distiller with that of Common Brewer or Victualler, or the Trade of a Rectifier of Spirits with that of a Common Brewer or Victualler, at one and the same’ Time, on Pain that every such Person or Persons shall be deemed to carry on such respective Trades contrary to Law, and ba liable to the several Pains and Penalties inflicted against Persons carrying on the Trade of a Distiller or Rectifier without Licence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Licence to be granted as aforesaid shall be available or of any Effect until the same shall have been produced to, and a Copy thereof delivered to, the Officer of Excise of the Division, District, Place, or Bounds wherein the Still or Stills thereby to be licensed is or are erected, or intended to be erected, the Production and Receipt of which Licence every such Officer is hereby required to acknowledge and certify gratis, under his Hand, by Indorsement upon such Licence (if the Party shall require the lame), and that such Production and Delivery shall be deemed and held as a sufficient Entry of such Still or Stills j any Thing herein, or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further crafted, That if any such St ill or Stills, to be so licensed as aforesaid, shall, during the Continuance of such Licence, by any unavoidable Accident, be destroyed or rendered unfit for Use, the Owner thereof shall immediately give Notice in Writing of such Accident to the proper Officer or Supervisor of Excise, of the Division, District, Place, or Bounds, and shall beat Liberty forthwith after such Notice to erecS a new bull or Stills; and in case such new creeled Still or Stills be not of a larger Capacity or Content than the said former Still or Stills respectively, it shall be lawful for such Owner or Owners to work tile same, during the Term to come and unexpired of his, her, or their (bb'ifting Licence or Licences, without taking out any new Licence for that Purpose; but if such new erected Still or Stills shall be of any larger Capacity or Content respectively than the said former Still or Stills, the Owner or Owners thereof shall take out a ifw Licence for creating and working the same, which new Licence shall have Duration only for the unexpired Term of the old Licence, and an additional Duty for such unexpired Term shall be advanced and paid according to the increased Capacity or Content of such new Still or Stills on the taking out of such new Licence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any licensed Still shall not, within the Time limited by this Act for the Renewal of Licences, renew his, her, or their Licence for tuc next ensuing

26 Geo. III. S Year,

129

and 2001, for each Time of working*

One Gxh Part of the a'inuji Duty to bi paid when Licence* are gt anted, and a propurtioncb.O Part every two Months alter-wards.

None but the Owners of Still* to be inutled to Licences.

Licences to express the Party*! Name, &c.

Waft Still mif be used as a Spirit Still, Sec,

Rectifiers of

Spiri'*, &c. not to have Licence* for distilling,

Arc.; nor to carry on both Trades at one Time.

No Licence to be ▼slid till irider fed by the Officer of »;Xcife of the Liltridt.

New Still*, of the same Capacity, rr>av he fc'tfird n Place of dcftri ycd one*, w it heat A new Licence,

(f Lireneer be nor renewed, he S'iUs n uft be taken down, Arc.

13°

Pcmlty on Neglect.

Notice of the Change of Property in 'tills mud ve tiven to the Officer of £xufe.

Notice tnuft be given by the Purchaser of a licensed Still, if he does not intend to work it.

Persont neglecting to pay the l Duties regularly, or using other than licensed Stills, not to have Licences granted. See,

Penalty on Per-fens not being licensed Distii-lets, who shall riSil, &c.

No Che mi ft, Ac,

to ufr SPlli without Licencej

Mor tobaveSkUW of greater Capacity than 50 OaUooi, oaJ?t-

C. 64. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Year, such Owner or Owners shall, immediately after the Expiration of his, her, or their said Licence, either wholly pull down his, her, or their Still or Stills, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise of the Division, District, or Place, or deposit in the Excise Office of the Division, District, or Place, the Head of every inch Still, and such of the Utensils or Implements belonging to such Still as such Officer shall think proper to feled, and also remove and take away the several Pipes and Worms of such Still or Stills, to the Satisfaction, and under the Direction of the said Officer, so as thereby effectually to render such Still or Stills incapable of being worked or used, in which State such Still or Stills shall remain and continue until the same shall be either again duly licensed, according to the Directions of this Act, or be absolutely and wholly puiied down, removed, and disposed of in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise*, and if any such Owner or Owners shall neglect or refuse to observe or comply with any of the Directions hereby given, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose, for every such Neglect or Refusal, the*Sutn of three Pounds Sterling for each Gallon of the Content of such Still or Stills; and every such Still or Stills shall also be loft and forfeited, and be utterly destroyed in the Presence of the Magistrate before whom the iame fnuli happen to be condemned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Property and Possession of any licensed Still or Stills shall be changed, the Person or Persons becoming intitled thereto, shall forthwith, after such Change of Property and Possession, and before any such Still or Stills is or are by him, her, or them attempted to be charged and worked, give Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division, District, Place, or Hounds, within which such Still or Stills shall be situated; and shall thereupon* and upon making Oath before a Magistrate of his, her, or their Property therein, if required by such Officer, be permitted to work such licensed Still or Stills, for the unexpired Term of the subsisting Licence* upon the same Conditions as are expressed and specified in such Licence.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such Change of Property and Possession of or in any such licensed Still or Stills, the Person or Persons becoming intitled thereto shall not be desirous of working such Still or Stills, such Person or Persons shall, within three Days after his, her, or their Title thereto shall have accrued, signify the same in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, and deposit with him the Head or Heads belonging to such Still or Stills, and also such of the Utensils belonging thereto as the said Officer shall feled, in order to render such Still or Stills incapable of being used, and fudi Still or Stills shall not be again used until a new Licence shall be granted for that Purpose, and the Duty which would have become due for the unexpired Term of the subsisting Licence, to be computed from the Time of giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall cease to be paid; but no Claim mall lie for Repayment of any Part of the Duties which shall have been paid in Advance as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being licensed as before mentioned, shall neglect to pay the said Duties imposed by this Act, or any Part thereof, in Advance, in the Manner and at the Time or Times directed by this Act; or if any Person or Persons shall ered, work, or make use of, any other Still or Stills, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, than what shall be specified in his, her, or their Licence, whether of the same, or of any different Description, Capacity, or Content, than shall have been <0 specified, every such Person or Persons shall be subjected and liable to the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, which are herein ‘before inflicted for the Offence of erecting or using an unlicensed Still or Stills, and shall be rendered incapable of receiving any Licence for carrying on any Distillery in future.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Redifier or Compounder of Spirits, or any Chemist, Druggist, or Perfumer, or any Person whatever, other than a licensed Distiller, shall have in his, her, or their Possession, any Wort, Wash, Tilts, or other fermented Liquor, capable of being distilled into how Wines or Spirits, or shall distil or extract any Low Wines or Spirits from Wort, Wash, Tilts, Com, Melasses, Sugar, Cyder, refused Wines, or other Liquor, every such Person or Persons so being in Possession of any such Materials, prepared for the Purpose of being distilled into Low Wines or Spirits, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds for every Gallon of such Wort, Wafn, Tilts, or other fermented Liquors, together with all the Wort, Wash, Tilts, or other Liquors in his, her, or their Custody or Possession; and every such Person or Persons, so unlawfully diddling or extracting as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds for every Gallon of the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their Still or Stills; and such Still or Stills, together with the Implements and Utensils thereunto belonging, shall be seized and forfeited, and shall, on the Condemnation thereof, be destroyed in the Manner herein before directed in other Cases of the Forfeiture of any Still or Stills; and such Person or Persons shall moreover forfeit and lose all the Worts, Wash, Tilts, and Spirits in his, her, or their Custody.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called Scat-^ land, shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be capable of carrying on the Trade or Business of a Chemist, Druggist, or Perfumer, who shall use any Still or Stills, or any other Trade or Business requiring the Use of any Still or Stills, without first taking out an annual Licence for that Purpose from the Person or Persons to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and which Licences the said Person or Persons shall and are hereby required to grant accordingly, upon the Payment of such Fees for the same as are herein after directed to be paid for such Licences^ but free from the Payment of every Duty of Excise; and every such Licence so granted shall specify the Christian Name or Names, and the Surname or Surnames, Trade and Business of the Person or Persons thereby licensed, and the Place where such Trade or Business is intended to be carried on, and the Number of their respective Stills, and the Capacities or Contents thereof respectively; and no Chemist, Druggist, or Perfumer, shall use or have in his, her, or their Possession any Still or Stills of any greater Capacity or Content than that of fifty Gallons English Wine Measure, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five. Pounds Sterling for every Gallon which the Content of such Still or

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64. 131

Stills shall exceed the Quantity of fifty Gallons as aforesaid; and every such Licence shall be produced, and a Copy thereof delivered, by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons taking out the same, unto the Ex-cife Officer of the Division, District, Place, or Bounds, before the same shall be available in Law; and such Officer shall, on the Requisition of the Party or Parties, acknowledge, in Writing to be indorsed on such Licence, the Production thereof, and the Receipt of such Copy; and every such Licence shall remain and continue in force from the Date thereof for and during the Space or Term of twelve Calendar Months next ensuing, and may be renewed for a further Term of twelve Calendar Months within the Space of ten Days before the Expiration thereof5 and if any Chemist, Drugpft, Perfumer, or other Person or Persons, shall use any Still or Stills, for any Purpose whatever, without hrft taking out a Licence for the same, and producing such Licence, and delivering such Copy thereof to the Officer of Excise as aforesaid, or shall make use of any other Still or Stills than such as shall be specified in such Licence, or shall make use of any such licensed Still or Stills at any Place other than the Place which shall be specified in the said Licence, or in any House or Place other than his, her, or their usual Dwelling or known Place of carrying on his, her, or their Trade and Business, ever£ such Person or Persons shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, to be levied and paid without Mitigation.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, for and upon the Content or Capacity of every Still of one hundred and twenty Gallons, or upwards, for which any Licence shall be granted under and by virtue of this Act, there shall be paid, by the Person taking out such Licence, a Fee after the Rate of one Penny Sterling/^ Gallon, and for every other Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act, a Licence Fee of five Shillings Sterling, which Fees shall be received by, and belong to, such Officer or other Person who shall be appointed as aforesaid; and in Consideration thereof, the Persons who shall be intitled to the Benefit of the said Fees shall keep a Register of all the Licences which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, and shall twice in every Year, or oftener if required by the said Commissioners, deliver a Duplicate thereof into the General Excise Office in Edinburgh, for the safe Custody thereof.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if it shall be made appear to the said Commissioners of Excise, that any useful Procelles or Experiments in Chemistry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall require a Still or Stills, of greater Content or Capacity than that of fifty Gallons, Englift) Wine Measure, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to authorise and direct a Licence or Licences to be granted to the Owner or Owners of such Chemical Work or Works, to use, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Still or Stills, of any larger Content or Capacity than as aforesaid; which Licence or Licences shall be in force for the Space of one Year and no longer, and for each of which Licences a Fee of five Shillings and no more, shall be paid to the Person or Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, and which said Chemical Works, if specified in any such Licence to be secret Works, shall not be liable to Visitation by any Officer or Officers of Excise, excepting only under the Conditions and Limitations, according to which the Chemical Works, which are or shall be cat rid on by Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may or can be lawfully vilued and examined.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if, upon any such Visitation or Examination, it

shall be found that any such Still or Stills of such larger Content or Capacity have been used in the distilling of Spirits, Low Wines, or Wash, Wort, or Tilts, prepared from any of the Materials aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Licence, such Still or Stills, and all the Utensils, thereto belonging, shall be seized, loft, forfeited, and destroyed, as aforesaid, and the Owners thereof shall be liable to the several Pains and Penalties imposed by this Act upon unlicensed Distillers.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, occupying any House or Tenement in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall permit any unlicensed Still or Stills to be set up or used in such House or Tenement by any Person or Persons, for the making or distilling of Low Wines or Spirits, without given Notice thereof to the proper Officer of Excise, within the Space of three Days after lie or they shall have Knowledge of the Fadi, such Occupier or Occupiers shall incur and be subject and liable to the same Pains and Penalties as are by Law directed to be imposed or inflicted on Persons actually uiing any unlicensed Still.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise in Scotland, to enter, during lawful Hours, into the Still House, or other Plate v. here any Still or Stills (whether the same be licensed or not licensed) shall be kept, worked, or used, or where any Wort, Wall], Low Wines, or Spirits are prepared or distilled, and to examine the same; and in case any Still or Stills shall be there found in a State capable of being worked, the same not having been duly lxented, or in case any Wort, Waft), Low Wines, or Spirits, shall be there found contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Still or Stills, and tSe Liquor therein, with ali the Utensils and Implements thereto belonging, or therewith used, and also such Wort, Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be loft and forfeited, and the said Still or Stills shall be destroyed in the Manner herein before directed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise who shall, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ seize and bring to Condemnation any Still by this Act made liable to Seizure and Forfeiture (except in the Case of such Still or Stills being seized on the Discovery of any other Person, in the Manner herein after specified), shall be intitled to a Reward of two Shillings and six Pence Sterling for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, to be paid out of his Majesty's Duties of Excise in Scotland, upon an Order from the said Commissioners of Excise, which Order the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to grant: Provided nevertheless, That such

nalty of 5 f« for every Gallon abmre that Quantity,

Chemists, ht, uGng Still' wi'h« ou; Licence, 6c C, forfeit 1001.

Fees to be pai£ r n taking out Licence*.

Licences for Srish of greater Capacity than 50 GaPons, may be gran cd to carry on chemical E* penor.ents, &c.

But if ©fed for distilling Spirit!, ro be forfeited. Sec,

Persons permitting Siilis to be set up in unit-CMifed Placet, f liable to the Pe-unities of using unlicensed Siiili#

Officers may evanvnr Still H nfer, and if any are found working contrary to this Acti the Still* to be U rrc.ied.

Officer intiiledtt a*. 6d. per Gallon, of the Contents of St Us feifctd (;n his own Discovery of Fiaud; but not to rxceed 3jl, for one Still*

132

Per font, irot Officer*,making

Discovery of Stills liable to Seizure, and the Officers seizing, if»cstied to Reward* as herein Specified*

Officers not fe:zing Stills in 24 Hour* after Information, to be dismissed.

Sc c.

1*. 6d. per Cal-lon to be allowed Informers, miking Complaint of Officers not seizing.

No Spirits to be temoved from the Manufactory without Certificate from the Distiller of the Quantify, tec Spirits removed by Land Carriage from Scotland into England, to be forfeited. See,

AH Spirits removed by Water into Englar d, to be forfeited if not accompanied with a Certificate, kc.

fccftlfied Spirits must also have a Permit from the Excise.

Duties to be paid on the Arrival of Spirt s from Scotland into England*

C. 64. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Reward shall not exceed the Sum of twenty-one Pounds Sterling for any one Still so seized as aforesaid: And if any Person (not being an Officer of Excise) shall make Discovery of any Still liable to Seizure and Forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the same shall be seized and condemned, such Person or Persons shall be intitled to a Reward of one Shilling and six Pence Sterling for every Gallon of the Capacity or Content of such Still, to be paid on the Condemnation thereof: Provided also, That such Reward shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings Sterling for any one Still so forfeited as 1 aft aforesaid; and the Officers or Officer of Excise, by whom the same shall be seized, shall also be imitied to a Reward of one Shilling Sterling for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, so that such last mentioned Reward shall not, for any one Still, exceed the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings Sterling; and that such several Rewards shall be paid by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excise as aforesaid; and if, by reason of the final! Size of any such Still or Stills, the said Commissioners of Excise shall think any of the Rewards aforesaid insufficient, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised to augment the same respectively, not exceeding the respective Sums aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after he shall have received Information of any Still being unlawfully erected, used, or kept, or of any Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, prepared and intended to be unlawfully used in Distillation, wilfully neglect to seize the same respectively, every such Officer so offending shall, upon Complaint made thereof, and Proof of the Fact, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, be dif-milled from his or their Office, and shall never afterwards be capable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Place of Trust whatever, and shall moreover forfeit and lose all such Salary as shall be due to him at the Time of his Dismission; and in case the Person or Persons making such Complaint shall be the same Person or Persons who gave the Information, as aforesaid, to the Officer or Officers so dismissed, such Person or Persons shall be intitled to a Reward of one Shilling and six Pence Sterling, for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of the said Still or Stills, to be paid by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excise out of the Revenues of Excise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Spirits, made from any of the Materials aforesaid, shall be removed or sent from the Place of their Manufacture, without being accompanied by a Certificate, subscribed by the licensed Distiller or Maker thereof, or his known and authorised Agent, expressing that the same were made by him, and also specifying the Quantity of such Spirits, and the Number of Casks or Packages in which the same are contained.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any of the Materials aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatever, shall be removed or sent from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, into any other Part of Great Britain, by Land Carriage; and if the same shall be so sent or removed, the said Spirits, with the Packages and Casks containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, with the Horses and Carriages employed in conveying the same.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any of the Materials aforesaid, which shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, be removed or conveyed by Water from any Part of Scotland, to any other Part of the United Kingdom, shall be accompanied by a Certificate from the Maker, Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder thereof, or his known and authorised Agent, specifying the Number and the respective Marks of the several Packages, and the Quantity of Gallons contained in each of such Packages, and the respective Degrees of Strength of the Spirits in each Package, together with the different Species of Kinds of the said Spirits, and shall also be accompanied by a regular Clearance from the proper Custom-house in Scotland; and that all Spirits which shall be removed or conveyed, or be attempted to be removed or conveyed from Scotland into any other Part of the United Kingdom, without being accompanied by such Certificate and Clearance as aforesaid, shall, together with the Packages containing the Spirits, and the Ship or Vessel conveying the same, with her Stores and Tackle, be seized, loft, and forfeited.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any rectified or compounded Spirits shall be sent from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland by Water into any other Part of the United Kingdom, the same shall, over and besides such Certificate and Clearance as aforesaid, be accompanied with a Permit from the proper Officer of Excise, or, in Default thereof, such Spirits, with the Packages containing the same, shall be loft and forfeited: Provided always, That no such Spirits, Ship, or Vessel. as aforesaid, shall be liable to Seizure for or on the Account of any small Difference or Deficiency in the Gauge of such Spirits at the Time of their Arrival in Port, or any other Deficiency, when the same shall be proved to have been occasioned by Accident and without Fraud.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom, shall, upon the Arrival thereof, be charged with a Duty of two Shillings upon each Gallon, English Wine Measure; which Sum, together with the Duties by this Act directed to be paid in Scotland upon Licences, shall be held and deemed to be equivalent to the Duties payable in England upon Spirits of English Manufacture, and not exceeding the Strength aforesaid; and if the Strength of any Spirits manufactured in and arriving from Scotland as aforesaid, shall be of a greater Strength than one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and such Excess shall not exceed three per Centum, over and above the said Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Spirits shall be charged with a further Duty proportioned to their said Surplus Strength \ and the said respective Duties shall be paid to the proper Officer

e

K. t>. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64.

fleet of Excise at the Port or Place of Entry inwards, upon the landing of any such Spirits, which said Duty or Duties payable upon Importation shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and be by them ordered, appropriated, paid, and applied, to and for the same Uses and Purposes as the Rates and Duties payable in England upon Wort, Wash, and other Liquor, used in the Distillation of Spirits there for Home Consumption, are directed to be appropriated, paid, and applied; and that such Spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, after being so landed and warehoused, shall be considered as made or rectified in that Part of the United Kingdom where the said Spirits have been so landed and warehoused, and shall be intitled to the same Allowances as the Stocks of Distillers or Rectifiers in that Part of the United Kingdom are intitled to.

XXXIYr. And be it further enacted, That if any Spirits manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of a Strength exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, shall be shipped on board any Vessel, in order to their being lent or conveyed from that Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part of the United Kingdom, and such Excess shall amount to more than three Pounds per Centum above the said Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, such Spirits, with the Casks and Packages containing the same, shall be seized, loft, and forfeited.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall have been made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and bona file put on board any Ship or Vessel on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and shall be accompanied by a proper Permit, shall and may be landed in any other Part of the United Kingdom without being subject to the Payment of any equalizing Duty, in the like Manner as the same could or might have been landed in case this Act had not been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall, within the Space of one Month after the Time of granting any Permit for the Removal of any British Brandy, rectified British Spirits or Compounds, from any Port or Place in Scotland, to any Port or Place in England, transmit the Counterpart of such Permit, or cause the same to be transmitted, to the Commissioners of Excise in England, in order that they may, and they are hereby directed and required to cause some proper Officer or Officers to examine and cheque therewith the Permit by which such British Brandy, and rectified British Spirits and Compounds, reflectively, shall have been removed as aforesaid; and in order that a further Cheque may be had upon the Removal of such Spirits, a Duplicate of such Clearance shall be forthwith transmitted to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs at the Port in England where such Spirits are intended to be landed, who are hereby authorised and required to compare the lame with the Spirits on their Arrival.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Maker of Stills in Scotland shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, take out an annual Licence from the Officer so to be authorised as aforesaid to grant the same, and renew such Licence from Year to Year and shall pay a Fee of five Shillings for each of such Licences, and no more; and every such Maker or Makers shall stamp his or their Name or Names, and the progressive Number, and the Content or Capacity of every Still made by him, her, or them, upon the Shoulder thereof; and in order that the Contents of the said Still or Stills may be distinctly ascertained, the said Maker or Makers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, within three Days after finishing any Still, to give Notice to the Excise Officer of the District where such Still hath been so made, that the same is ready to be gauged and damped; and such Officer is

‘hereby required, within three Days after such Notification, to gauge such Still, and to grant a Certificate, specifying the Number, Content, and Maker's Name or Names of such Still; and in case any such Maker or Makers shall fail to give such Notice to the said Officer as aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for each Gallon of the Content or Capacity of every such Still so made by him, her, or them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall import or bring any Still or Stills into Scotland from that Part of Great Britain called England, or from foreign Parts, such Person or Persons shall, within three Days after the Arrival of such Still or Stills, give Notice of the Number, Size, and Content of the same, and of the Place where the same is deposited, to the Officer of the Division, District, Place, or Bounds; and such Officer shall, within twenty-two Hours after the Receipt of such Notice, gauge and stamp, or cause to be gauged and damped, the said Still or Stills, in the same Manner as is herein before directed in the Case of a Still or Stills being made in Scotland; and if the Person or Persons who shall so import or bring any Still or Stills into Scotland, shall neglect or omit to give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling for every Srili so imported or brought^ and in case any such Still or Stills shall be erected without being previously gauged and marked by the proper Officer of Excise, every such Still or Stills shall be forfeited and lost, and the Owner and Owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, over and besides all other Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for the unlawful using the same.

XXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or change any Act or Acts now in force for the surveying and keeping a regular Account of the Stocks of Rectifiers and Compounders of Spirits, and Dealers, but that the said Rectifiers, Compounders, and Dealers, shall remain subjected to the Surveys of the Officers of Excile, and to all other Regulations made and provided by any Law now in force, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made'; laving and excepting, that Rectifiers and Compounders, as well as Makers or Distillers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ may fend Spirits to any Part or Place in that Part of the United Kingdom of whatever Strength he, she, or they may think proper.

133

The Duties to be paid at the Port of Entry, and tobc applied a* the Duties ia England on Wort, &c.

Spirit! of Strength of more than 3 in the ico above 1 to 10 over Hydrometer Proof, to be forfeited, Sec,

Spirits shipped prior to July 5, 1786, not liable to Duty on landing in England.

Duplicates of

Permits granted in Scotland for Removal of Spirits to England, to be transmitted to the Excise, Stc.

Still Maker to takeout an annual Licence, /lamp hit Stills, and give Notice to the Officer that they may be gauged.

Penalty on not giving Notice.

Persons import-irg Stills into Scotland without giving Notice to be Officer, forfeit 50l.

Stills not to be er.cled till ging^cJ, on Forfeiture of ti e Still?, See,

Krftifiers, &c. fuhje.fl as heretofore to Survey?, &c.

*34

Du'iei to be under rhr Management of the Cofnrr.ifiionen «»t Revenue ’n Scotland, &c. This Act not to dischatg* Penalties already incurred, &c. n< r tf> repeal the Law* respr^ir g Exportation to foreign Parti, Sec,

Earl of Dondo-field to (:ire the Officer an Account of hi*

Still-, Scc.

Officer not to insped hi*

Wui khousei. Sec. without Order from the Commissioners of Excise j or Information of their being illegally worked.

If found to be illegally worked, to be forfeited, dec.

Persons oh-Uniting Officers in their Du--tj forfeit 2001.

Power*, dee. of Act 12 Car. a, c. 14, &c. extended to this A£.

How Penaltiei ere to be recovered and applied.

C. 64. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties on Licences by this Act granted, shall be under

the Receipt, Collection, and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Scotland for the mie being, and shall be appropriated to such and the same oles and Purposes as the Duties by this Act suspended or discontinued would have been subject and liable to, if this Act had not been made.

XLI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall discharge or acquit any Distiller, or other Person, from any Penalty or Forfeiture already incurred under any termer Act or Acts for granting any Duties upon Wort, Wath, or other Liquor, or from Payment of any Arrears of such Duties accrued, due prior to the Commencement of this Act; nor shall any Thing in this Act contained extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any Law or Laws now in force with respect to the making of British Spirits for Exportation to foreign Parts; or to repeal or alter any Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing [c much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits inJ'maii Stills, in certain Counties or Dislricis in the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland j and for authoring the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland to grant Licences to Persons lining in the said Counties or Dislricis, to n:jiil Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Big, the Growth of the said Counties \ and for imposing a Duty on such Licences; nor to prejudice the Right and Privilege granted to Archibald Fari of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for vesting in Archibald Earl of Dun-donald, his Executors, Administrators, and Ass.gns, the sole Lye and Property of a Method of extracting or making lar, Pitchy Efential Oils, Point He AJaliy Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders from Pit Coal, throughout his MajesWs Dominions for a limited Lime,

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained, the Paid Earl, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be, and he or they is and are hereby required to deliver to the Officer or Othcers of Excise of the Division, Dtftridl, Place, or Bounds, within which any of his or their said Works or Stills are or shall be erected, an Account in Writing, specifying die Number of his or their said Stills, with a Description of the same, and the Purposes for which such Stills were respectively erected; reserving to any of his Majesty's Officers of Excise, under the Conditions and Limitations herein after specified, at all lawful Hours, to visit such Work or Works, and such Still or Stills, and to examine by all proper Means the Liquor or Matter coming from the said Still or Stills, but not to open the said Still or Stills, unless the said Officer or Officers shall not otherwise be allowed to examine the Liquor or Matter coming from the said Still or Stills.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be in the Power of any Officer of Excise to visit or inspect the said Workhouse or Workhouses, or the said Still or Stills, or House or Houses, or Places thereto belonging, unless the said Officer or Officers shall have previously obtained an Order from the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, ia that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or shall proceed upon a signed Information in Writing, and upon Oath made, and reduced also into Writing, before any one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, or before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, certifying that the said Works or Stills in the said Act described, in place of being bona fide used for the Purposes therein mentioned, are or have been used in extracting Low Wines or Spirits from Wort, Wash, or other Materials whatsoever; in which Case such written Information, and Oath and Warrant proceeding thereupon, shall be lodged, if required, with the Manager of the said Works so visited, upon the said Manager’s granting a Receipt for the same; and if the said Still or Stills shall be at such Vi-(itation, or have been previously used after being erected in the said Works, for the Purpose of distilling Wash, Worts, Low Wines, or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, such Still or Stills, and Utensils belonging thereto, shall be seized and forfeited as unlicensed Stills, and the Owners and Users thereof subjected to the Pains and Penalties in that Behalf made and provided by this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, refill, oppose, moled, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers by this Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundreds Pounds Sterling,

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenants in capice, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue ufon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, or Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are provided, settled* or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted and inflicted, and for the preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties, Provisions, and Regulations are prescribed by this Add), shall be excrciltd, practised, applied* used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining* recovering, and paying the levera) Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be filed for, recovered, and levied by such Ways. Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 65 - 67,

be sued for, recovered, or levied, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in his Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in England or Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, shall he to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against: any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Blue, and five this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a rerdid shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become noni'uited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution; or if Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

[688,750l.]

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per*

quifites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices*

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites^ 4 and Emoluments> which arey or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations at shall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices: And whereas it is highly expedient, for the Publick Service, that such Enquiry should continue to be made respecting the Expences in the different Offices and Departments of his Majesty's Government herein after mentioned, and the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received and taken therein, with a View to such Regulations as shall be judged expedient and proper for the Correction of Abuses which may have arisen, and to efted such Savings as may be made in each; that is to say. The Offices and Departments under the Management of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Master General, the Lieutenant General? the Surveyor General, and Officers com poling the Board of Ordnance, the Pay master General of his Majesty's Forces, his Majesty's Secretary at War, the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, the Commissioners of the Excise in England and Scotland respectively, the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, the Commissioners for Taxes, the Commissioners for Stamps, the Commissioners for Salt Duties, the Postmaster General, the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue, the Auditors of the Land Revenue, the Surveyor c General of Woods and Forests, the Commissioners for Hackney Coaches, and the Commissioners for Hawkers and Pedlars:’ Be it enacted, He.

Lords of the Treasury, He. to lay Returns of Fees, He. taken in their respective Departments, before Sir John Dick Baronet, and William Mollefon Esquire, Comptrollers of the Army Accounts, together with Francis Baring Esquire, who are constituted Commissioners for making the Enquiries intended by this Act. Commissioners may take Examinations on Oath; and may fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- cords. Commissioners to be sworn. On Death, He, of a Commissioner, his Majesty may appoint a Successor"

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners further to examine, take, and (late the Publick Accounts;

of the Kingdom.

44 20 Geo. 3. cap. 54; 21 Geo. 3. cap. 45; 22 Geo. 3. cap. 50; 23 Geo. 3. cap. 68; 24 Geo. 3. cap. 13 ;. H and 25 Geo. 3. cap. 68, to continue in force after July 22, 1786. No Commissioner to hold a Civil Office of Profit during Pleasure under his Majesty. Any three of the Commissioners to be sworn before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, He. The said three Commissioners to administer the Oath to the rest.

Lords of the Treasury may pay zoooo /. to the Order of the Commissioners. Executors of Accountants to attend Commissioners, and execute their Orders. This Act to be in force for one Year, from Juh_ ^22, 17*6,"

*3.5

Limitation of Actions.

[Treble Costs.]

General Issue*

[Preamble.]

C. 68.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have fuft'cred in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

*$ Geo. 3»e.8o.

Commissionert.

Commissionert to be fwora#

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have'foffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the hate unhappy Dissentions in America,

in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and also by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Persons were constituted Commissioners for enquiring into the respective Losses and Services of all such Person and Persons who have fu tic red in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And wrhereas the Purposes intended by the said Acts are not yet completed, and it is therefore necessary that the said Acts should be further continued be it therefore enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Wilmot Esquire, Colonel Robert Kingstonf Colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh Esquire, Jeremy Pemberton Esquire, and Robert Machenzie Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Purposes in the said recited Acts mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That any two Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer (which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer), in the Form following

that is to say,

The Oath, 4C T A.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially* A and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled, An Act for appoint* ing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have Suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Maiffy* and Attachment to the British Government, according to the Tenor and Pur* port of the said Act "

Commi Hi onen may examine Parties on Oath.

ComoaifiGrners to meet, ard to lend for Persons cr Papers,

to app irt Clerk;, &c*

Per fens drli« v«-ring in Ir^u-du.tn: I laitrs to be excluded fnm any Cctn-penfanon*

Persont giving faife Evidence to be liable to the

And every other of the said Commissioners, in this Act named, shall likewise take the same Oath before the said two Commissioners, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said Oath as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to examine upon Oath (which Oath they, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer) all Persons whom the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to examine, touching all such Matters and Things as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act j and all such Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the Lid Commissioners at such Time or Place as they, or any two or more of them, shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to meet and fit from Time to Time, at their present Place of Meeting, or at such other Place as they, or any two or more of them, shall think proper, with or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, as they shall judge necessary for their Information in the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and Officers as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said Clerks and Officers an Oath for his true and faithful Demeanor, in all Tilings relating to the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises; which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the T rull in them severally and reflectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such their Service, other than such Salary cr Rewards as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that Behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority a fore said, That if it shall have appeared to the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Acts, or shall hereafter appear to the Commissioners appointed by this Act, that any Person hath delivered, cr shall hereafter deliver to them an Account or Claim beyond the real Loss fuuained by him or her, with an intent to obtain more than a just Compensation, and if the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall have been, or (bail hereafter be of Opinion, that such Account or Claim was or is fraudulent, then such Person so having claimed, or who shall hereafter so claim, shall be absolutely excluded from any Compensation or Provision whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, ujx>n Examination upon Oath before, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them respectively, as before

mentioned,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 68.

mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby deebred to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled, That Colonel Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton Esquire, should, and they were thereby directed and required to repair to Neva Sect)a, or any other of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to enquire into such Claims: And whereas the said Colonul Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton Esquire, did, in pursuanre of the Directions, and for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, repair to Nova Scctia^ 4 and it is therefore proper that the Powers and Authorities verted in them by the said Act, should be conti- nuedHe it therefore enacted, That the said Colonel Thomas Dumlas and Jeremy Pemberton Esquire, shall, and they are hereby directed and required in AW? Scotia*, or any other of his Majesty's Colonies i j sin:eriCGy to continue to enquire into such Claims, with the same Powers and Authorities for enquiring into such Claims as the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Acts and this present Act, for enquiring into the Lolies and Services of all such Persons who have fufibred in their Rights, Properties, and Profertions, during the late unhappy Dirtentions in AAmerica, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, are inverted with; and in cife the said Commissioners shall differ in Opinion with respect to any Claim, then, in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to call to their Aflitlance the Governor of any Colony to which they mav judge it necelfury to repair; and the said Governor agreeing in Opinion with either of the said Commissioners, shall decide the Matter or Qudlion in Dispute; and in case of the Death of either of them the said Thomas Dundas or Jeremy Pemberton, that then the Governor of the Colony, where fuc h Enquiry shall from Time to Time be carried on, shall be added to and joined with the Survivor of them the said Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, and shall be inverted with the same Powers and Authorities as the Person so dying is hereby inverted with.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby impowered, if they shall think proper, to appoint, under their Hands and Seals, a proper Person or Persons to repair to any Part of the United States of America, to enquire into such Fadts and Circumstances as they may think material for the better ascertaining the several Claims which have been presented under the Authority of the said Acts.

IX. And whereas an Act was passed in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachusets Pay, Rhode liland. Connecticut. New York, New Jersey, Pensilvania, the three lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia. North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repeal'ng an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandhsey at the Town and within the Harbour of Bolton, in the Province of Massachuset’s Bay and also two Acts made in the loft Session of Parliament, for rest raining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respedhely mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Ala) fly to grant Pardcns, to issue Proclamations, in the cases, and for the Purposes therein mentioned); whereby it was en- acted. That all Trade and Commerce should be prohibited with the Colonies therein mentioned, and that all Ships and Vessels of or belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, together with their Cargoes,

Apparel, and Furniture, and all othei Ships and Vessels whatsoever, together with their Cargoes, Apparel, and Furniture, which should be found trad.ng in any Port or Place of the said Colonies, or going ro trade,

or coining from trading in any such Port or Place, should become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the ships and Eflbdls ol open Enemies, and should be so adjudged and taken in all Courts of Admi- rulty, and in all other Courts whatsoever: And whereas Vessels, Essedts, Goods, or Merchandize, belonging to Inhabitants of the said Colonies, who were loyal Subjects to his Majesty, may have become for- fetted, and may have been adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize under the said Act be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed by this Act, to enquire into Losses sustained in consequence of the said Act, by any such Inhabitants who shall give luffi-oent Proof, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, from Time to Time, at their Discretion, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as portible after the Determination of their Examinations and Proceedings, by virtue of this Act, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and to his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Publick Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer; which Sum so issued and paid, shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers-of this Act, and in such Manner, and in (itch Proportions, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charge to be taken or 26 Geo. IiL T demanded

137

PenOtiet of ferjur/.

CoTirntfli-ner* n i:»c V'.l n e* to continue o> enouirc iiito Claims;

and in case of Dili ere nee of Opinion, to te-quirr tt.c A iTW-a/!te of the (3 > verror, who, in cfe or the Dejih of j Commil* ft«ner, it to flippy hii Place.

Commi/Ti. nrr*

may appoint Persons so travel in Amrrua to enquire into Fatti.

Commissioners to enquire into Losses fuilainrd in consequence of an Act 16 Geo. 3. c. 5.

Commissioner* to p,i»e an Account of their Proceedings ro the Tr ilury and Secretarie* of State.

Treasury to pay

%,coo 1. to the Commissioncjr«3

for paying Clciki, &c»

*3»

Commissioneri may receive Halt Phjt on tak ng the following

Oath*

In case of the Death. Sec. of a Commissioner during the Recess of Parliament. In a Mi* jesty may appoint another. Continuance of this Act,

C. 69 - 71. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

demanded for the Issuing and Payment of the same, or on the patting of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, Hull appoint; and which Money so idued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any of the said Commissioners being on Half Pay, as an Officer of the Navy or Army, shall be intitled to receive such Half Pay, notwithstanding any Compensation that may be made to him for executing the Powers of this Act, on his taking the following Oath before (brae Justice of the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same:

T A\ B. do swear, That I had not, between any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil

A or Military, under his Majesty, besides such Compensation as shall have been or may be made to me as a Commissioner for enquiring into the LotTes and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions \n America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government."

And the taking the said Oath dull be sufficient to intitle such Person to receive his Half Pay, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Resignation, of any one or more of the said Commissioners, during the Recess of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person, so nominated and appointed, shall be held and considered to be invested with all the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force for one Year, from the fifteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and no longer*

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Irani*

ing to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for regulating Houses, and other Places, kept for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses.

[Preamble.]

From July *0, 1786. efery Person keeping a Slaughtering House, to take out a Licence, &c.

WHEREAS the Practice of dealing Horses, Cows, and other Cattle, hath of late Years increased to an alarming Degree; and hath been greatly facilitated by certain Persons of low Condition, who keep Houses or Places for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses and other Cattle P For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twentieth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons shall keep or tile any House or Place, for the Purpose of slaughtering or killing any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, which shall not be killed for Butchers Meat, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, at the General Quarter Sessions held for the County, Riding, City, Town, District, Division, or Liberty, wherein such Slaughtering House or Place shall befituate; and the Justices of the Peace, at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorised and impowered to grant such Licences as aforesaid, upon a Certificate, under the Hands and Seals of the Minister and Churchwardens, or Overseers, or of the Minister and two or more substantial Householders of the Parish wherein the Person or Persons applying for such Licence shall dwell, that such Person or Persons is or are fit and pro[>er to be trusted with the Management and carrying on such Buiinef as aforesaid: Provided always. That, in case of the Death of any Person to whom such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, it shall and may be lawful for the Widow, or personal Representative of such Person so dying, to carry on the said Business until the then next ensuing General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

Justkei to grant

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall be signed by the Justices of the Peace affem-Licenses, *hich b|cc| at such General Quarter Sessions, or by the major Part of them; and a Copy of every such Licence veto te enter*, entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace of the County wherein the same shall be so granted as aforesaid; and that all and every Person and Persons shall have Liberty, at all Times (Sundays excepted)^ between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, to learch the Office of such Clerk of the Peace wherein any such Copy dull be entered or kept*and to make an Extract or

ixuacts

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Geor'g 11 III.

C. 7r.

Extracts from the same, paying for every such Search the Sum of Sixpence; and all and every Per (bn and Persons so licensed as aforesaid shall cause to be painted or affixed, over the Door or Gate of the House or Place where he, she, or they shall carry on the said Business; in large legible Characters, his, her, and their Name and Names, with the Words Licensed forjlaugbtering Horjcsy pivfiant to an Act passed in tbs twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty King George the Third.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier and Occupiers of every such licensed Slaughtering House or Place shall, six Hours previous to the fluughtering or killing of any Horle, Maie, Gelding, Colt, Fiily, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, which shall not be killed for the Purpose of Butchers Meat, and previous to the flaying any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, brought dead to such Slaughtering House or other Place, give Notice in Writing to a Person to be appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, as inspe^for, to the Intent that such Inspector may, upon such Notice as aforesaid, and before any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Als, Mule, Bull. Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, shall be slaughtered, killed, or flayed, take an exact Account and Description of the Heighth, Age (as near as may be), Colour, and particular Marks of every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal or Filly, Ass or Mule, brought alive for the Purpose of being slaughtered or killed, or brought dead as aforesaid, and of the Colour and particular Marks of every Cow, Bull, Heifer, Ox, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, brought alive or dead for either of the Purposes aforesaid; and no such Ilorf *, Mare, Gelding, Foal, or Filly, Ass, Mule, Ox, Bull, Cow, or Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goar, or other Cattle, shall be slaughtered, killed, or flayed, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning, and Four of the Clock in the Evening, during the Months of Odcber, November^ December, January^ February, and March; and between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning, and Eight of the Clock in the Evening, during the Months of April\ May, June, fidy, August, and September y in every Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person so licensed as aforesaid shall, at the Time any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, or Mule, or any Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or any other Cattle, shall be brought for the Purpose of slaughtering, killing, or flaying, make, or cause to be made, an Entry in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, in a fair legible Hand, of the Name and Names, JPlace and Places of Abode, Profession and Professions of the Owner or Owners thereof, and also of the Person and Persons who shall bring the same to be slaughtered, killed, or flayed, and the Reason or Reasons why the same is brought to be slaughtered, killed, or flayed, which Reason and Reasons the Person or Persons bringing the same is and are hereby required to declare to such Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid; which Book shall at all Times be open for the Perusal and Examination of the Inspector and Inspectors to be appointed under this Act; and all and every such licensed Person and Persons shall at all Times attend with, and produce such Book before any one Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, or Place where such licei fed Slaughtering House or Place shall be situate, when required by Warrant or Order under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace so to do, and shall likewise produce the same at every General Quarter Sessions of the reace which shall be held in and for the said County.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the Parishioners, as by Law are intitled to meet in Vestry for the Purpose of choosing Parish Officers, shall* in every Parish wherein any such Slaughtering House or Place shall be situated, annually, or oftener, as Occasion may require, appoint one or more proper Person or Persons to be an Inspector or Inspectors to inspe£I every such Slaughtering House and Place as aforesaid, to whom all and every Occupier and Occupiers, Persons and Persons, carrying on such Business as aforesaid, shall, six Hours previous to his, her, or their slaughtering, killing, or flaying any such Horle, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, give Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention so to do; and such Inspector or Inspectors shall in Person, or by his or their Servant or Servants, attend at the Slaughtering House or Place of the Person or Persons so giving such Notice, and there take such Account and Description as herein before directed; and every such Inspector shall and is hereby required to keep a Book or Books, and therein to make an Entry of every such Account and Description; and every such Occupier or Person carrying on such Business as aforesaid shall, for every such Entry, pay to such inspe&or Sixpence; and all and every Person and Persons desiring to in-foe£t such Book or Books shall have Access to the same at all Times, between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Five in the Evening, during the Months of Oil obey, November, December, January February, and March, and between the Hours of Six of the Clock in the Morning and Eight in the Evening, during the Months of April, May, June, July, August, and September, in every Year, paying to such Inspector, for every such Search, the Sum of Sixpence, and no more; and every such Inspe&or, so appointed as aforesaid, shall cause to be painted or affixed over the Door of the House where he resides, his Jame, and the Words, Inspector of Houses and Places for slaughtering Horses\ and in case such Inspector or Inspectors shall, upon Examination of any Horse, Marc, Gelding, Colt, Eiliy, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, intended to be slaughtered or killed, have Reason to believe, or be of Opinion, that such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are free from Disease, and in a found and serviceable State, or that the same has been stolen, or unlawfully come by, he or they shall have Power, and is and are hereby authorised and required to prohibit the slaughtering or killing of any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, for any Time not exceeding the Space of eight Days; and in the mean Time shall and is and are hereby directed and required to cause an Advertisement or Advertisements to be inserted in the Daily Advertiscry or some Publick Newspaper circulated in the County where such Slaughter House or Place shall be situated, twice or oftener,

139

Per f>n' 1-ce fed to afh* to theif

Hnufrr the Words herein mentioned.

Prefioi s Not? t to be lent, when Horses. *rs intended to b ? slaughtered, to the Inspector, who i* t* take an Accoun of the Btiftk.

Time* of 0a lgh* tering, Sck.

A econnt to be kepf, by the Owners of SliUjnterin ? Ho nice, of the Owners of the Cattle brought See.

Vestr? »o»rpoiat Inspectoif.

Inspector'tDuty,

140

Form of Conviction for refus-in» to pay for /H verrif-ments ofthcliifpe^lori.

Tnfpf^ors may ▼ifit Slaughter* in? Houses at all Times,

Persons brirging Cattle refusing to give an Account of them* selves, See, may be carried octore a Justice.

Jufllres miy commit suspected Potions,

Person' flat^h-tfring Huilcs, Set. v\ it bout Licence, &c. guilty oi Felony.

C. 71. ’ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

unless the Owner or Owners of such Horse, Marc, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, shall sooner claim the same, to certify under his, her, or th~ir Hand or Hands to, or otherwise satisfactorily inform the said Inspector or Inspectors, that he, she, or they sent or delivered, or caused the said Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other such Cattle, to be delivered to the said Person or Merlons so licensed for the Purpose of being slaughtered or killed, the Expence of inier.ing such Advertisement or Advertisements, as aforesaid, to be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Staugnt ring House or Place to such Inspector or Inspectors; and in case such Occupier or Occupiers of such Slaughtering House or Place shall refuse to defray or pay the same, and shall be thereof convicted on the Oath of any such Inspector as aforesaid before any one Justice of the Peace for the County or District wherein such Slaughtering House or Place shall beiituated, he, she, or they, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Charge of such Advertisement or Advertisements, to be raised determined by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice as aforesaid; and the Form of such Conviction shall be as follows:

4C yf B. is convicted, on the Oath of C.D. Infyeftor of Houses and Places for slaughtering-Horses, for u the Parish of E. in the County of D. of refusing co pay the Sum of being the Expence

of an Advertisement or Advertisements (as the Case may be) inferred in the Daily ddvertj'r, or (bine other u Publick Newspaper circulated in the County (as the Case may be), pursuant tQ the Directions of the Sta-M tute in that Case made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

" F. G."

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Inspector so appointed as aforesaid, at all Times, in the Day or Night, but if in the Night, then in the Prelence of a Constable, to go to, enter into, and inspeift, any House or Place kept for (laughtering or killing Horses by any Person or Persons licensed as aforesaid; and also any Stable, Building, Shed, Yard, or Place belonging thereto, and then and there to examine, Larch for, and fee if any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, h illy, Ass, or Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are deposited or have been brought there, and to take an Account thereof > and all and every Person and Persons, so licensed as aforesaid, having, keeping, or using any such House or Place for slaughtering Horse?, shall, and is and are hereby directed and required to permit and suffer any such Inspector as aforesaid, at all Times in the Day and Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, to enter into and inspect such House or Place, and also any Stable, Building, Shed* Yard, or Premises belonging thereto, and freely to examine, search for, and fee any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Ass, or Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf," Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, then and there being, and to take such Account as herein before directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons wno shall offer to Sale, or shall bring any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, to any Person or Persons keeping such Slaughtering House or Place as aforesaid, to be slaughtered or killed, or being dead, to be fljyed or skinned, shall not be able, or shall refuse to give a satis-fadory Account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the Means by which the same came into his, her, or their Possession; or if there shall be any Reason to suspect that such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, it shill and may be lawful for the Person or Persons keeping such Slaughtering House or Place as aforesaid, to whom the lame shall be brought or offered to Sale, and for his, her, or their Servants, Agents, or A Aidants, and also for the said Inspector or Injectors, or his or their Servant or Servants as aforesaid, to seize and detain such Person or Persons, and also every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Als, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, so brougm or offered to Sale as aforesaid, and to deliver fuert Person or Persons, as loon as conveniently may be, into the Custodyof a Constable or other Peace Officer, who shall, and is hereby required immediately to convey such Person or Persons before a Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where the Glfence shall be committed; and if such Justice shall, upon Examination and Enquiry, have Caule to suspect that such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Cow, Ox, Heifer, 1 Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are stolen or unlawfully obtained, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit such Person or Persons into (afe Custody, for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Days, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said Examinations, such Justice shall j

be satished, or have Rea-on to believe, that such Hoifc, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Als, Mule, Bull,

Cow, Ov\, Heifer, Cali, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, is or are stolen, or illegally obtained, the said j Justice is hereby author-fed and required to commit rite Person or Persons, so bringing or offering the same to Sale, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or .! Place, where n the Offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to Law. j

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, keeping or uling any such Slaughtering ! House or Place as aforesaid, shall, at any Time from and after the twentieth Day of Jay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, daughter any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, Foal or F illy, Als or Muie, or any Bull, Cow, Heifer, Ox, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, for any other Purpose than for Butchers, Meat, or shall flay any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Foal, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Ox, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattie, brought dead to such Slaughtering House or other Place, without

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 71.

taking out such Licence, or without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or shall daughter,’kill, or flay the same, a any Time or Times other than and except within the Hours herein before limited, or shall not delay slaughtering or killing the same, according to the Direction of lucn Inspector so authorised to prohibit the same as aforesaid, such Person or Persons so offending ineither of the said cases, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of Felony, and shall be puni filed by bine and imprisonment, and such Corporal Punishment, by publick or private Whipping, or shall be transported beyond the Seas for any Time not exceeding seven Years, as the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted shall direct.

IX. And whereas divers ill-disposed Persons keeping such Slaughtering Houses and Places as aforesaid,

have, in order to prevent Enquiry and Detection, made a Practice of throwing the Hides of Horles and other Cattle into Lime Pits, or otherwise immersing in or rubbing the same witu Lime, or Come other cor rofive Matter*/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, keeping 4>r using any such Slaughtering House or Place as aforesaid, shall, at any Time from and after the twentieth ^Day of July one thoukmd seven hundred and eighty-six, throw into any Lune Pit or Lime Pits, or otherwise immerse in Lime, or any Preparation thereof, or rub therewith, or with any other corrosive Matter, or deft roy or bury the Hide or Hides, Skin or Skins, of any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, by him, her, or them slaughtered, killed. Or flayed, or shall be guilty of any Offence against this Act, for which no Punishment or Penalty is expressly provided or declared, such Person or Persons, being convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be punimed by Fine and imprisonment, and such Corporal Punishment, by publick or private Whipping, as the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted shall diredh

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, so licensed as aforesaid, shall make, or cause to be made, any false Entry in any such Book, by him, her, or them to be kept as aforesaid, of any Matter or Matters, Thing or Things, so required by him, her, or them to be made in such Book as aforesaid, he, she, or they, being convicted thereof, upon the Oath of two credible Witnesses, before any one Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Franchise, or District wherein such Slaughtering House or Place shall be situated (which said Oath the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (the Surplus arising from such Distress and Sale, after the Deduction of the Charges thereof, to bereftored), one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be forthwith paid or transmitted, by the said Justice, to the Overseers of the Poor, or one of them, for the Use of the Foor of the Parish wherein such Offender or Offenders shall reside; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not have Effects to the Amount of the said Penalty, it shall be lawful for such Justice, after Sale and Application as aforesaid of such Effedfs as shall be found, to commit him, her, or them to the House of Correction, there to be confined to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding three Months, nor less than one Month.

XI. And be it further enacted, That a Conviction for any such Offence, in the Tenor or to the Effect following, shall be good to all intents and Purposes:

gE it remembered, That on this Day of in the Year

A.B. licensed for slaughtering Horses, is convicted, upon the Oaths of C.D. and E. F.

two credible Witnesses, before me G. H. one 0! his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of 4C of having wilfully made, or caused to be made [as the Ci[: may &:], a false Entry in

the Book required by the Statute in that Case made and provided, to be kept by the said A.B. whereby he [(he, or they] has [or have] forfeited the Sum of

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written."

Ht

Person» destroying Hide1, &c. to be deemed guilty of Mif-deiLCJUiori.

Person* making false Entries, liable to Penalty,

&Ci

Ferm of Conviction when Penahicsaic not paid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Book and Books of all and every the Inspector and Inspectors of Inspectors Hooka every Parish wherein any such Slaughtering House or Place shall stand or be situated, shall be produced

at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the County wherein any such Licence session*/

Hull be granted, and delivered to the justices of the Peace at such General Quarter Sellioqs assembled, then. and there to be examined by them as they shall think fit.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall occasionally lend any House, Barn, penalty on Per-Stable, or other Place, for the Purpose of slaughtering or killing any Hoise, Mate, Gelding, Colt, Filly, fans lending

A is. Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, which shall not be killed lhc

for Butchers Meat, without taking out such Licence as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted before any fl^tenne.

Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Town, District, Division, or Liberty, wherein such au°* 11 ^erson or Persons shall reside, upon the Oath of two credible Witnesses, he, she, or they shall forfeit, upon Conviction, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the p2rish where the Offence shall be committed; and which said last mentioned Moiety shall, upon Payment thereof, be immediately transmitted by the Justice so convicting to the Overseers of the Poor of the fai J Parish, or one of them; and m case such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail ox Mainprise for any Time not exceeding

142

Form of Con-tiftion whrn the said Penalty ii D t paid.

Act not to extend 10 Currcr'f ire. killinjr dif-temperedHoifej, &c.

'CVilUr-makeri,

ice. killing found Horses, &c. liable to Penalty.

Witnesses refuting to attend the Justices, to forfeit iol.

Pari ft!oner* to

be deemed competent Witne/Ici.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Preamble.]

C. 72. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

ceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid$ and the Form of such Conviction shall be as follows, or to the like Eifedt:

BE rernem^ere(^> That on this Day of Ar. B. was convicted, upon the Oaths of two credible Witnesses, before me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the Peace for the County of #, for occasionally lending a House [or Place, as the Case may

bej, for the Purpose of slaughtering Horses [ory as the Caje may be, of slaughtering Cattle for other Purposes than for Butchers Meat], without a Licence for that Purpose first obtained, according to the Statute in that Case made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year above written."

XIV. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to any Currier, Felt-maker, Tanner, or Dealer in Hides, Who shall kill any distempered or aged Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, or purchase any dead Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, for the bona fide Purpose of felling, using or curing the Hide or Hides thereof, in the Course of their respective Trades*, nor to any Farrier employed to kill aged and distempered Cattle, nor to any Person or Persons who shall kill any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Colt, Filly, Ass, Mule, Bull, Ox, Cow, Heifer, Calf, Sheep, Hog, Goat, or other Cattle, of their own or other Cattle, or purchasing any dead Horse, or other Cattle, to feed their own Hounds or Dogs, or giving away the Flesh thereof for the like Purpose.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collar-maker, Currier, Felt-maker, Tanner, or Dealerin Hides, or Farrier, or other Person, shall, under Colour of their respective Trades or Occupations, knowingly or willingly kill any found or useful Horse, Gelding, Mare, Foal, or Filly, or boil or other wise cure the Flesh thereof for the Purpose of felling the same, such Collar-maker, and other Tradesman or Person, shall be deemed and taken to be an Offender within the Meaning of this Act, and shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding twenty Pounds, nor less than ten Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace before whom Complaint shall be made for any Offence against this Act, to summon such Person or Persons, other than the Party or Parties complained against, as he shall think proper, to appear before him at a Day certain, then and there to give Evidence touching any Offence committed against this Act; and in case such Person or Persons shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend, or give Evidence touching such Offence, he, she, or they shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof, or in case of Inability to pay the same, shall stand committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant of the Parish where any Offence against this Act shall be committed, shall, upon any Complaint or Hearing before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or upon any Trial or Examination by virtue of this Act, be, and be deemed to be, a competent Witness, not-w ithstanding his or her contributing to any of the Rates or Dues to such Parish; or being a poor Person relieved or relievable by the said Parish, and intitled as such to receive any Benefit or Interest from any Penalty or Penalties to be paid or levied in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence; and if upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending everal Aids of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-fourth Vear of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty on Hackney Coaches, and for explaining and amending everal Atis of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches)y the several Rates and Fares to be taken by Hackney Coachmen, and Persons legally acting under them, for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach, from and after the fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, are therein enu- merated and set down: And whereas such Rates and Fares have been found insufficient to enable the Hackney Coachmen to pay the Duties imposed, and also unsatisfactory to the Publick :* Be it therefore ensiled by ihe Xing’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 72.

from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, so much of the said recited Acts enumerates the Rates and Fares to be taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, or Persons legally acting under them, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said first Day of Augustj witry Person who is or shall be Licensed by the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them, to drive, keep, and let to Hire, by the Hour or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Coach, with Horses and Geldings or Mares, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any other Place or Places where to, by any of the Laws now in being, such Hackney Coach-men are compellable to go, or any Person legally acting under such Licensed Person, shall be mtitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the Hire of any such Hackney Coach, the Rates and Fares herein after mentioned; (that is to say).

For every Distance within, and not exceeding one Mile and two Furlongs, the Sum of twelve Pence:

And for every further Distance within, and not exceeding fix Furlongs (computed as beyond the said first mentioned Distance of one Mile and two Furlongs), the Sum of six Pence:

And for every further Distance within, and not exceeding four Furlongs (beyond the said second Distance), the Sum of six Pence:

And so in like Manner the Sum of six Pence for every further Distance within, and not exceeding four Furlongs, to be computed through the whole Distance which such Coach shall be driven or go:

And, as respecting such Coaches, as shall be considered to be kept in Waiting, the following Rates and Fares shall and may be demanded, received, and taken j (that is to say).

For any Time, not exceeding three Quarters of an Hour, one Shilling; and for any Time exceeding three Quarters of an Hour, and not exceeding one Hour, one Shilling and six Pence:

For any Time exceeding one Hour, and not exceeding one Hour and twenty Minutes, two Shillings; and for every Period of Time, not exceeding twenty Minutes, to be computed from the Expiration of the said first Hour and twenty Minutes, the Sum of six Pence, to be computed through the whole Time during which such Coach shall be engaged of employed:

And for a Day’s Work or Hire, reckoning twelve Hours to the Day, the Sum of fourteen Shillings and six Pence; and for any Time, to be computed from the Conclusion of the said twelve Hours, such Coach shall be considered as a Coach in Waiting, the same shall be paid for in the Manner, and according to the Rate aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Hackney Coachman* his Renter or Driver, shall exact or take more for his or their Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he or they shall, for every such Offence, be subject and liable to such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, to be levied, recovered, suffered, and inflicted by such Persons, and in such and the like Manner and Form, as by any Law or Laws now arerin being, respecting such Hackney Coachmen, their Renters or Drivers; and that the several Rates and Fares hereinbefore mentioned shall and may be recovered, in such and the like Manner as the Fares of Hackney Coachmen are by any Act or Acts of Parliament now recoverable.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Hackney Coachman, his, her, or their Renter or Renters, shall, from and after the raid first Day of August, be in Arrear of Payment of any Rent or Rents, reserved or made payable by any Licence or Licences, granted or to be hereafter granted by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for any longer Time than is or shall be expressed in such Licence or Licences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to revoke such Licence or Licences, and to levy the Rents and Sums of Money reserved, and thereby made payable, either upon the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, or Renter or Renters* in such and the like Manner and Form as they may, by any Law now in being, do with respect to such Owner or Owners.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, he sued, mplefted, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special fatter in Evidence for his and their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plain tiff or Plaintiffs*

143

The Fares

established by 24 Geo. 3.C. 27. repealed.

Fr >m Aug. i, 1786, the following r arr»(0 be taken, vis.

For 1 Mile and 1.4th, 11.

For 3.4 h» of Mile further, 6dv

For Haif a Mile beyond the farmer 3*4ih», 6d { and

For every Half Mile furthered.

For 3.4th* of an Hour, is.j be-tween3-4ths and an Hour, 1 s. 6d. Between a nHour, and an Hour and 20 Minutet, is j ftnd for every 20 Minutes afterwards, 6d.

For ft Day of it Hours, 14s. 6d»

Penalties for exacting more than these Fares to be recovered at heretofore.

Licences may be-revoked when Arrears are not

paid.

General Mo«» Treble Costa*

CAPi.

*44

[Preamble.]

Act 24 G«0. c. 46 icci ed.

For %Years from July 5,17S6, the present Duties to ceaiV, and in |ieo thereof the Duties following to be paid, via.

For every Gallon of Wort from Grainj 6 d.

For every Gallon of Cyder, See, Of of Wash from os her British Materials than Grain, $d.

For every Gallon of Wort from Mel a Acs or Sugar, 8d. 3q.

For every Gallon from foreign Wine, &c. if.

Duties to be under the Management of the Facile*

Entry to be made of Still-houses, ice. previous to working, and

C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Lqw Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the IFeJl Indies.

WHEREAS, by several Acts of Parliament, in force at the Time of the passing of a certain Act of Parliament, mad* in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, In Al

to dfcontinue, f:r a iimiteci Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Loiv I Pines a ml Spirits for Home Confuwp- tion, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, as well for Home Consumption as for Exportation; and for destroying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits, after the Condemnation thereof; and for vejling in his Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferentofb, in the County of Inverness; and for d{/continuing, for a 4 limited!imey certain Impo/ls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies), sundry Rates and Duties were granted upon Low Wines and Spirits made in Great Britain^ for Home Consumption:

And whereas the said Rates and Duties were by the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, discontinued for a limited Time, and other Duties were by that Act granted in lieu thereof for the same Time: And whereas it is expedient to discontinue, for a further limited Time, the Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing of the said Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, upon Low Wines and Spirits,

made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Consumption, and to repeal so much of the said Act as is herein after repealed, and in lieu of the said Rates and Duties granted by the said Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing of the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and of the said Rates and Duties so granted in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty, for the same limited Time, the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and hereby imposea, and also to provide and enact the several Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, and Provisions herein after mentioned, for the better railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said Rates and Duties hereby im- posed be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, for and during the Space of two Years, to be co nput:d from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eightyTix, the said Rates and Duties, by the said Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing of the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, so granted upon Low Wines and Spirits made in that Part of Great Britain called England for Home Consumption, shall be discontinued, save only and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears thereof which may at that "Lime remain unpaid, or to any Penalty or F orfeiture, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively; and that in lieu and stead of the said Rates and Duties so discontinued, and of the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Excise following; (that is to say),

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the Sum of six Pence:

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wadi or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned), or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the Sum of five Pence:

For every Gallon of fermented Wort or Wash, made or brewed from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the Sum of eight Pence three Farthings:

And for every Gallon of Wash composed of Foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, the Sum of one Shilling.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties by this Act imposed shall be under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Distillers. and Maker and Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, (nail, four Days at the least before he, she, or they shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be dirtilled into 11 Low

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.

Low Wines, make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excite, within the Limits whereof his, her, or their Workhouse, Still-house, Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place for the brewing, mixing, dillilling, making, or keeping Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, is or shall be situate, of all Coppers, Tuns, Backs, Coolers, Stills, Casks, and Vessels, which he, she, or they shall nuke use of for the brewing, mixing, fermenting, working, dillilling, holding, laying, or keeping any Wort, Wafn, or Low Wines, or any Spirits or Feints; and in such Entry {lull inlert the Day when he, she, or they shall intend to begin first to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of W011, Wash, Tilts, or other Liquor to be dialled into Low Wines, and in such Entry shall specity the particular Use and Purpose to and for which each such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, and VeflM, is intended to be used, applied, or appropriated; and no such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, or Veifed, shall be used, applied or appropriated to any other Use or Purpose than that to which the same is in such Entry specified to be intended to be used, applied, and appropriated, and which Entry and Entries shall be made out according to the Schedule hereunto annexed, as the Cale may require; and if any such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, dull neglect to make such Entry, ecify-ing as aforesaid, or shall use, apply, or appropriate any such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, or Vessel, in the Way of his, her, or their Trade or Business of a Dilidler or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, to or for any other Ule or Purpose than that to or for which such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, or Vessel, is in such Entry specified to be intended to be used, applied, or appropriated, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Odeuce, forfeit and lole the Sum of one hundred Pounds, together with all Wort, Walh, Low Wines, Spirits, Feints, and other Liquors reflectively, which shall be found in any such Copper, Tun, Back, Cooler, Still, Cask, or Vessel, at the Time when such Offence shall be committed; and such Wort, Wath, Low Wines, Spirits, Feints, and other Liquor respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits for Home Consumption, shall be allowed to withdraw or discontinue his, her, or their Entry of any Still-house or Storehouse whilst any Duty therein shall be depending, or any Utensils for brewing* fermenting, or diddling shall be {landing; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, by Night as well as by Day (but if in the N ight, then on producing his or their Commission or Commissions as such Officer or Officers), to enter, by the usual or mod accustomed Doors or Passages, into all entered Still-houses, and all other Places where Utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling are Handing, belonging to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct any such Officer or Officers of Excise from having free Ingrefcand Regress into and from any such entered Still-house or Place, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and after any Obstruction, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers of Excise, together with proper Affidants, to break open by Force any Doors leading or belonging to such entered Still-house or Place, or any of the Windows thereof, or to break through any of the Walls, so far as shall be necessary for obtaining Entrance thereunto: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the changing of any Entry from the Name of one Owner or Proprietor of the entered Premises, to the Name of any lub-sequent Owner or Proprietor thereof; or to prevent any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low W ines or Spirits, from changing his, her, or their Entry for making of Spirits for Home Consumption, to an Entry for making of Spirits for Exportation; or from changing his, her, or their Entry for making of Spirits for Exportation, to an Entry for making of Spirits for Home Consumption; or from changing his, her, or their Entry for the making of Spirits from Corn or Malt, to an Entry for the making of Spirits from-Melaffesor Sugar; or from changing his, her, or their Entry for the making of Spirits from Mdaiies or Sugar, to an Entry for the making of Spirits from Corn or Malt; so that every new Entry, for the respective Purposes aforesaid, be made on the same Day whereon such Distiller shall have withdrawn or discontinued his former Entry; but if the new Entry shall not be made an the same Day in which the former Entry shall be withdrawn, such former Entry shall remain and continue in full Force.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every fermenting Wash-back which, from and after the fird Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be used or kept by any Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall have a Hole or Dipping Place in the 'Lop thereof, and be so placed and constructed as that the Officer of Excise may be conveniently enabled to take his Dip or Gauge at such Hole or Dipping Place at the Top thereof; and that every fermenting, or other, Wash-back shall, after the fird Day of February one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be so constructed and placed, as that the Top thereof shall be under or beneath the Level, of the Charging Cock of the Wash Still; and if any such Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers of Spirits, shall keep or Use any fermenting Walh-back without such Hole or Dipping Place being at the Top thereof, or shall have, keep, or use any fermenting Wash-back so placed or conttrufled as that the Officer of Excise cannot convenienly be enabled to take his Dip or Gauge at such Hole or Dipping Place at the Top thereof, he, she, or they shall, for every such Oilence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Low Wines and Spirits, shall, after his, her, or their Wash-back or Wa(h-backs shall be quite empty, and before the same shall be begun to be frefn limed, give or cause to be given to (ome or one of the Officers of Excise, under whole Survey he, she, or they flail then be, such Notice in Writing as herein after is mentioned, before the particular Hour or Time when he, she, or they intends or intend to begin to lime such Wash-back or Wash-backs; (that is to say), he, she, or Xhey, it within the Weekly

14S

not so be used therw fe than fpKciftcdin the Entry.

Penalty on Per. Tons neglecting to make Entry, &c.

Entries not to be withdrawn while Duties are depending, &c, Persons hinder* ing Officer! from entering Still-houses, forfeit 100 1.

If Officers ate

obstructed, they may break Open Still-houses, Scc.

cases where Entries may be changed.

Wash-baeks to be so eA that the Office* may conveniently take the G. u^e, on Pe-. nahy of 200 1.

r

Notice to be given before Wrffli-rack' art frcih limed, on Penary of 50 U

I

146 C. 73.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Penalfyof icoU on Fcifons having Conveyances to or from Stills, not hereby permitted*

The Provisiont

contained in

12 Geo. 3. c. 46) and i4 Geo. 3*

relative to the Fasteningi to Stills, dec. extended to all Distillericf,

Personi ofinj Stills without proper Discharge Cocks, to forfeit $Ql*

locks, fee. to be altered or repaired onRequifi-tion of the Of-Seer, 00 Penalty of 50 U

Bills of Mortality, shall give Notice, in Writing, to Tome or one of the Officers of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, four Hours at leaf!:, or in other Parts of Great Britain, eight Hours at Itaft, of his, her, or their Intention to begin to lime his, her, or their Walh-back or Wash-backs; and in case such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, shall not begin to lime his, her, or their YVaffi-back or Wafti-backs, at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after, such Notice shall in every such Case respectively be null and void; and such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker of Makers, shall be obliged to give another like Notice, in Writing, before he, she, or they shall begin to lime his, her, or their Walh-back or Walh-backs; and if any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall begin to lime any such Walh-back or Wash-backs, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds for each and every Walh-back which shall be so begun to be limed without such Notice as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Com'-pouncier or Compounders of Spirits shall have or keep any Opening, fixed Pipe, or other Conveyance whatever, leading to or leading from any Still or Stills to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them used (other than and except one Charging Pipe, :md one Hole or Opening made according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided, to the Intent that the Gaugers and Officers of Excise may take Gauges and Samples), to each such Still, nor shall have or keep any Opening, fixed Pipe, or other Conveyance whatever, leading from any such Still or Stills, save and except the Discharge Cock to each Still respectively belonging; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder, or Rectifiers or Compounders, shall have or keep any such Opening, fixed Pipe, or other Conveyance (not before excepted), leading to or leading from such Still or Stills, he, she, or they shall, for every such fixed Pipe, Opening, or Conveyance (not before excepted), forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Restrictions, Powers, Authorities, and Directions, enacted, provided, granted, and contained in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low /Fines, and Spirits); of in and by an Act made in the fourteenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to extend so much of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Distillers or Makers of Low /Vines and Spirits from Corn, to every Kind of Distiller; and for the more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise arising from Low Wines and Spirits; and for ascert a ini tig the Allowance to be made to the Manufacturers of Wool and Linen, in respect of the Duties on Soap imported and used in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures; so far as the same, or any of them, relate to or concern the providing and affixing sufficient Fastenings to the Heads of Stills, Wash Pumps, Charging Cocks, and Discharge Cocks respectively, or any of them: or to the providing Locks and Keys respectively for securing the said Still Heads, Charging Cocks, and Discharge Cocks respectively, or any of them; or to the providing and affixing Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, or any of them, to the Furnace Doors of any Still or Stills; or to the locking, sealing, or securing such Still Heads, Wash Pumps, Charging Cocks, Discharge Cocks, and Furnace Doors respectively, or any of them; or to the opening or charging any Still or Stills, or giving Notice of being de-(Irous to open and charge the same respectively 5 or to the lighting Fire under any Still or Stills, or to the opening any Furnace Door, or giving Notice of being delirous to have any Furnace Door unlocked; or for the Use of such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings respectively; or to the enforcing a due Obedience to the said Acts, in respect to the Matters aforesaid, under the several Pains and Penalties by the said Acts respectively in that Behalf imposed and inflicted for any Disobedience or Neglect concerning the same; shall be, and the same are hereby re-enacted, and are also hereby enacted and declared to extend to all Furnaces, Wafti Pumps, and Stills of all Distillers and Makers of Low Wirtes and Spirits whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Reftificr and Compounder, and Reftitiers and Compounders of Spirits shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, find, provide, and affix sufficient Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, to be approved of in Writing, by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which such Rectifier or Compounder, or Reftifiers or Compounders, shall respectively reside, to the Discharge Cock of all and every Still and Stills to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them used; and the Officers of Excise shall, and they are hereby required to lock and secure such Discharge Cocks; and if any such Rectifier or Compounder, or Reftifiers or Compounders, shall presume tb rectify or compound Spirits, before he, she, or they shall have found, provided, and affixed sufficient Keys, Locks, and Fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every such Discharge Cock to each and every Still to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them uled, according to the Directions herein given, or shall refuse to pay for such Locks, Keys, or Fastenings, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Locks, Keys, or Fastenings have been or shall be provided in pursuance of the said Acts made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and twenty-fourth Years of his said Majesty's Reign, or any of them, or in pursuance of this Act, all and every Dii-tiller and Distillers, and Aiaker and Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, and all and every Rectifier and Rectifiers, and Compounder and Compounders, of Spirits, to whom such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own Expence, from Time to Time, and at all Times, when required so to do by the general Surveyor (if such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Reftifiers, Compounder or Compounders, shall reside within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London), and by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise (if such Distiller or Distillers,

Recital of Act 23 Geo. 3. c. 70.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. (5. 73- 147

Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, shall reside out of the said Limits) of the Division or District in which he, she, or they shall respectively reside, immediately set about the altering, repairing, and amending, and shall also, within a reasonable Time then next following, repair, amend, and alter, according to such Requisition, all and Angular the Fastenings directed by the said several Acts made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and twenty-fourth Years of his said Majesty's Reign, or any or either of them, to be provided and affixed to the Heads of each and every Low Wire Still and Wash Still,

+Wash Pumps, and Charging Cocks, belonging to or used by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, and also all and every such Locks and Keys as are by such Acts of Parliament, or any or either or them, directed to be provided for securing the said Still Heads, Charging Cocks, and Wash Pumps, and also all such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings as are directed by the said Acts, or any or either of them, to be found, provided, and affixed to the Furnace Door of each and every Still, by every Distiller and Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale, Rectifiers and Compounders respectively used, and also all and every such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, as are by the said Act, made in the said fourteenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, directed to be found, provided, and affixed to the Discharge Cock of every Wash Still, and of every Low Wine Still, used by every Distiller and Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale;

and if any such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, to whom any such Locks, Keys, and Fastenings, or any or either of them, shall belong, shall

Jiegledt or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to repair, amend,

or alter the same when thereunto required according to the Directions of this Act, he, she, or they shall,

for each and every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XI. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the illegal Importation of foreign Spirits, and for putting a Stop to the private D filiation of ]jn(\[h-j made Spirituous Liquors; for explaining such Part of the Act,

imposing a Duty upon Male Servants, as relates to the Right of Appeal from Justices of the Peace; to amend and rectify a Mistake in an All of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Removal of Tea from one Part of this Kingdom toother Parts thereof; and for preventing vexatious Atlions against Officers of Excise ailing in pursuance of the Authority given by Excise Statutes), it was enacted, That the Keys of every Charging Cock, and of every Discharge Cock, that should be made use of by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines and Spirits, whether for Sale or for Exportation, or by any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits* for charging, or for discharging and emptying any Still or Stills, or other entered Utensil by him,

her, or them respectively made use of, should be so rivetted into the Cock, of which it was a Part, as to prevent the same from being taken out of the Body of the said Cock: And whereas the rivetting the Keys

of such Charging and Discharge Cocks, in Manner directed by the said Clause, has been found inconve- nient and inadequate to the Purposes thereby intended ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Clause, as directs any such Cocks to be rivetted as in the said Clause is directed, shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits,

shall rivet or cause to be rivetted, or otherwise fasten, or cause to be fastened, any Key into any Charge or Discharge Cock of any Still of or belonging to or used by him, her, or them, so as to prevent the Officer or Officers of Excise from taking out and examining such Key; and if any such Distiller or Distillers,

Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, shall rivet, or cause to be rivetted, or fasten, or cause to be fastened, any such Key, contrary to the Directions of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for every such Key so rivetted and fattened, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, nor any Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, shall have any Pipe or Conveyance, communicating with any Worm belonging to any Still in his, her, or their Custody or Possession; and if any such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, shall have any Pipe or other Conveyance, communicating with any Worm belonging to any Still in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits,

shall, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, have or keep

any Iron, or other Cap or Covering, upon any Cock belonging to his, her, or their Still or Stills, or to any Pipe, Back, or Vessel whatsoever in his, her, or their entered Premises, so as to prevent the Officer or Officers of Excise from distinctly seeing and easily examining such Cock; and if any such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers* Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, shall have or keep any such Cap or Covering upon any such Cock, contrary to the Directiorts of this Act, he, she, or they shall, for every such Cap or Covering so had or kept, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And, to the Intent that no Allowance maybe made, or Permits granted, to any Person or Per-c Tons, calling themselves Rectifiers or Compounders, for Sale, but not being known or actual Rectifiers and Compounders, for any Increase which such Person or Persons may make in his, her, or their Stock or Stocks, No Persons to be by Water, Sugar, Syrup, Fruit, or any other Ingredients;’ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, deemed Re£*i-That no Person or Persons shall be deemea to be a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits within the Meaning Jlv' StHis*f°a of this Act, who shall not have an entered Still capable of containing in the Body thereof, exclusive of the ]Jf^apacSit°y Head, one hundred and twenty Gallons at the least, nor unless such Still shall have suitable Tubs and than 120 Gal*

U 2 Worms ion?, &c.

Clause of lift recited Act relative to riveting Coder, repealed-

No Key to be rivetted so atto prevent Examine ation, on Penalty of 50 1-

Person* having Pipet of Communication with, Worms, to forfeit 1001.

No Cap. &c. to be kept, so atto prevent Cocks being examined, on Penalty of 501.

148

C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

No Person to remove Wort from Backs to Stills, before being gauged, on Peri altj of zoo l» Ac.

Regulations relative to Still Pipet, 8cc.

Officers to take Wort, on paying for the same.

Officers to keep Account of the Still Gauges.

Perforw fraudulently removing or concealing Wort, to forfeit it, and 10 s. per Gallon on the Quantity

Penalty of 2001. on Distillers not barging Wash Stills as herein directed, or not working the n* off in due Time.

Worms affixed thereto, and shall be really and bcna jide used for the rectifying of British Spirits for Sale by such Person or Persons.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wort, Wash, or Tilts, or other Liquor, or Preparation for the distilling of Low Wines or Spirits for Home Consumption,- shall be put into the Still, or otherwise removed from the Back or Vessel wherein the same was or were fermented, until the same shall have been gauged, and the Duties hereby imposed charged thereon, by the proper Officer of Excise; and if any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, put into any Still, or otherwise remove or cauie to be lo put or removed, any such Wort, Wash, Tilts, or other Liquor or Preparation, from the Back or Vessel wherein the same was or were so fermented, before the same shall have been gauged, and the Duties hereby imposed charged thereon, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and shall also pay double the Duty for all the Wort, Wash, Tilts, and other Liquor or Preparation so put into the Still or removed as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers of Spirits shall have or keep any Pipe, Conveyance, or Opening, leading to his Wash Still, save and except the known Charging Pipe or Conveyance leading from his, her, or their known and entered Wash Back or Backs, and such Pipeor Conveyance shall empty itself in a Shute, open Trunk, or Vessel; which Shute, open Trunk, or Vessel, shall be at a Distance not exceeding fix Feet frorn the Still, and shall be of the following Dimensions; that is to say, At least two Feet in Length, one Foot in Breadth, and not more than two Feet in Depth; from which Shute, open Trunk, or Veiiei, the Conveyance Pipe into the Wash Still shall be in a straight Line, and not concealed from the View of the Officer, nor of a greater or larger Size than six Inches Diameter in the Clear, on Pain of forfeiting, for every other Pipe, Trunk, Conveyance, or Opening, erected, set up, kept, or continued, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And, to the Knd that the Officers of Excise may be able to taste, examine, and ascertain the Quality of all Wadi, Worts, or other Liquors* intended to be conveyed into the Still or Stills of all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker or Makers of Low Wines and Spirits, all such Officers are hereby impowered, as oftep as to them, or any of them, shall seem expedient, to take a Sample or Samples of such Wash, Worts, or other Liquors, either in the Coolers, Walh-backs, or other Vessels whatsoever, before the same shall be conveyed into the Wash Still or Stills, not exceeding twelve Gallons at any one Time, from each such Cooler, Waih-back, or other Vessel, on paying after the Rate of one Shilling and six Pence by the Gallon for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer of Excise shall gauge all Wort, Wash, and other Liquor, after the lame shall have been put into the Wash Still (either for Home Consumption or for Exportation), and keep in his Books true Accounts of the Sdll Gauges of such Wort, Wash, and other Liquors respectively.

XX. And be it mrther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, in the Possession of any Distiller or Maker of Spirits, Distillers or Makers of Spirits, shall be rer moved or taken away from his, her, or their entered Distillery, nor shall any Wort, Wash, or Tilts, be deposited, hid, or concealed, in any Place whatsoever, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties thereon; and when and so often as any Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, shall be removed or taken away, or any Wort, Wash, or Tilts, deposited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Wort, Wash, Tilts, and Low Wines respectively, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and over and beside such Forfeiture, such Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers, so removing or taking away any Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, or so depositing, hiding, or concealing any Wort, Wash, or Tilts, or causing the same to be removed, taken away, or deposited, hid or concealed, and the Person or Persons employed so to remove or take away, or so to deposit, hide, or conceal the same, or who shall receive the same, shall severally forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines so removed, taken away, or concealed, and the like Sum of ten Shillings for every Gallon of Wort, Wash, or Tilts, so deposited, hid, or concealed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Low Wines or Spirits for Home Confutation, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw off any Low Wines from his, her, or their Wash Still, charge the same with Wort or Wash made from Malt or Corn, or Mclaffes or Sugar, or with Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor, on which the Duties hereby imposed are directed to be charged, and shall have been charged, in the Proportion of not less than three Parts in four of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head, is capable of containing; and that all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Low Wines or Spirits for Exportation, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw off any Low Wines from his, her, or their Wash Still, charge the same with such Wort or Wash, in the Proportion of not less than four Parts in Five of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head, is capable of containing; and that every Wash Still shall be worked oft Within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to be computed from- the Time of the Officer's taking an Account of the Charge of such Still; and that all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, who shall begin to draw off any Ixnv Wines until his, her, or their Wash Still shall have been so charged in Manner herein before directed, or after having been so charged, shall not work the same oft' within such twenty-four Hours, he, she, or they shall, foe each and every such Oirence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Low Wines shall, within the Space of twelve Hours after the same shall have been run off from the Wash Still, be conveyed into the l ow Wine Stii], and shall, within the Space of the next twelve Hours, be drawn off and distilled into Spirits; and if any Diibller or Dibillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall keep any Low Wines more than twelve Hours after the same shall have been run off from the YVafh Still before the same shall be put into the Low Wine Still, or shall not, within the Space of the next twelve Hours after the lame shall have been put into the Low Wine Still, work off and diltil the same into Spirits, he, she, or they shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds by the Hour, for each and every Hour beyond the Time or Space hereby limited for that Purpose, during which he, she, or they shall keep any such Low Wines without drawing off or diddling the lame into Spirits.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Rcflifier and Rebli-fiers. Compounder and Compounders of British Spirits, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw ©ft" any Spirit^ from his, her, or their Still, charge the same in the Proportion of not less than seven Parts inten of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head, is capable of containing; and such Still shall remain and continue lo charged until he, she, or they shall begin to draw off Spirits therefrom; and every such Still shall be worked off within eighteen Hours, tobecomputed from the Time of the Officers taking the Gauge of the Still; and if any Rectifier or Compounder, or Rectifiers or Compounders of Spirits nail begin to draw off any Spirits from his, her, or their Still not so 'charged, or shall not work off the lame within such eighteen Hours, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers of Spirits for Exportation, shall have or be intitled to any Allowance for or under any Pretence of any Increase by Water, or any other Fluid mixed with the Walh put into his, her, or their Still, but the whole Charge of such Still shall be considered as Wash; and he, she, or they shall, in respect of the said Charge, produce to the proper Officer the several and respective Quantities and Proportions of Spirits specified and directed in and by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, amongst other Things, for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue of Excise, and of the Inland Duties upder the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein, under the Pains and Penalties in and by that Act directed and provided in that Behalf.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of Excise, having any Still or Still House, or other Place used for the Purpose of making or distilling Spirits for Home Consumption, under his Survey, shall keep exabt Accounts in his Books of all Wash, Wort, Tilts, and other Liquors, whereon the said Duties are imposed by this Act; and shall in his said Books of Accounts give unto the several and respective Distillers or Makers of Spirits under his Survey, a Credit according to the following Rates or Proportions; that is to say,

149

Penalty on keep, ing Low Wines more than 12 Hours after they have been ru» ntT fr in the Wash Still, &c.

Penalty of 2001. on Rectifiers who do not chargetheir Still* as hrrrin cHiedl-ed, or work them < ff in doe Time.

No Allowance to be made for any Fluid mixed with Wash, &c. Directions of Alt 21 Geo. 3. c. 55. to be followed.

Officer* to keep Account of W^fh, and give Distillers the following Credits, fix.

For every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, made or brewed from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, a Credit for twenty Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof;

For every one hundred Gallons of Cyder, Perry, Wash, or other Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of Bntifl) Materials, except Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, a Credit for fifteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid:

For every one hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash, made or brewed from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture with the same, a Credit for twenty-two Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid:

For every 100 Gallons of Wort made from Grain, 20 Gallons of Spirits s For every ico Gallons, made from oiber Ilii-tish Materials, 15 Gallons t For every ico Gallons made

from Melasses or Sugar, 22 Gallons:

And for every one hundred Gallons of Wash, composed of foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, a Credit for twenty Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, on carting up the Stock of any Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers of Spirits for Home Consumption (such Maker not being also a Rectifier), at the aforesaid Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find the Quantity of Spirits, contained in such Stock, to exceed the Quantity for which the Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers thereof is or are intitled to such Credit as aforesaid, after making the proper Deduction and Allowance for the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to such Distiller or Maker, or Distillers or Makers, then, and in every such Case, such Excess shall be deemed and taken to haveanfen, and been occasioned by Wort, Wash, Tilts, or other Liquor, not duly charged with the Rates and Duties hereby imposed; and so much of such Stock as shall be found increased, shall be forfeited and lost, and a Quantity equal to the Quantity so found in Excess shall and may be seized and taken by any Officer or Officers of Excise from and out of any Part of such Stock, and the Person and Persons, in whose Stock such Excess shall be found, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of Excise {half, within thirty Days after the Commencement of this Act, and so afterwards once in every three Months at the least, and oftenec when Occasion shall require, or when directed by any principal or general

For every ico Gallons made ftom other foreign Materials, 20 Gallon*. Encrease of Stock, above due Quantity, to be forfeited, and also 50l.

Officers to take Stock of Distillers every three Months, or when

i5o

ordered so to do, and it any unfair Jncre-'fe be found, it it to be forfeited, and 50l.

Officer* to take Stock of Rectifiers every three Months, and if an unfair In-crea1‘c be found, it is to be forfeited, and 501*

Rectifier* to have an Allowance of 35 Gallons in the 100 for increase by Water, Sees

Officers to keep an Account of the Quantity of Spirits made,

&c. and for which Permit* have been granted \

and if Permits are required for a larger Quantity than ought to be in Stock, it may be lcized.

Spirit* not of the Strength herein prescribed, to be forfeited 1

Rut Rectifiers, Arc. kerp.pg th'ir Stock of Spirits Ppsrate from other Li-

C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Officer of Excise, or by the Surveyor or Supervisor of the District, take an Account of the Stock of all Distillers and Makers of BritiJ).b Spirits for Home Consumption, and also o\ the raw or unrectified Stock of all Dealers in British Spirits for Home Consumption (such Distillers, Makers, or Dealers not being actual Rectifiers or Compounders of Spirits); and if, on taking such Account, the Quantity of Spirits found in any such Stock, added to the Quantity for which Permits shall have been granted fmee the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found in such Stock at the Time of taking such last preceding Account, added to the Quantity since legally made or received by Permit, such Stock being cast or computed at the Strength of on? to ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excels shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover the same, from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons, in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excels shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, within thirty Days after the Commencement of this Act, and afterwards once in every three Months at the least, the Officers of Excise shall also take an Account of the Stock of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds, and other British Spirits, of every Redtiher and Compounder of Spirits (whether a Maker of Spirits or not); and if on taking such Account, the Stock so taken, added to the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to such Rectifier or Compounder, since the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found in such Stock, at the Time of taking such last preceding Account, added to the Quantity fmee legally made or received by Permit, with the Allowance of thirty-five Gallons on every one hundred Gallons lb made or received, calling or computing such Stock at the Strength of one in eight under Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken, by the Officer or Officers of Excile who shall discover the same, from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits lo found in Excess shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the making unto the Rectifiers and Compounders of Spirits, as well for what they shall lawfully make, as for what they shall lawfully purchase and receive by Permit, a fair Allowance for that increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which is necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consumption, there shall be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and thirty-five Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, or Compounds, for every one hundred Gallons of BritiJ),b raw Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which they shall have received by Permit, or shall have made according to the Regulations and Directions of this Act; any Thing herein, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And, to the Intent that Permits may not be granted for fending out a greater Quantity of British Brandy, redlified British Spirits, or Compounds, from the Stock of any Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of British Spirits, than that of one hundred and thirty-five Gallons for every one hundred Gallons which he, she, or they shall lawfully make or receive by Permit Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officers of Excise shall keep an Account in their Books with all and every the Distiller and Distillers, Maker and Makers, Rectifier and Rectifiers, and Compounder and Compounders of BritiJ}) Spirits, as well of the Quantities of all British Spirits which he, she, or they shall legally make or receive by Permit, as of the Quantities of all British Spirits for which any such Officer or Officers shall grant any Permit; and when and so often as any Officer shall be called upon or required by any such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Redtilicr or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, to grant any Permit or Permits for the fending out of any British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Compounds, or Spirits of Wine, exceeding the Quantity which he, she, or they ought to have remaining in Stock, such Officer or Officers shall immediately examine, or cause to be examined, the Stock in Hand of such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, and whatever Excess shall be found in Stock, such Excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, shall fell or lend out any Spirits whatever for Home Consumption of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof; and no Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits, or not), shall fell or send out any British Brandy, British rectified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in eight under Hydrometer Proof; nor shall any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, or any Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, fell or send out any foreign Spirits of a lower Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, nor have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Quantity of foreign Spirits, or British and foreign Spirits mixed together, except Shrub, Cherry, or Raspberry Brandy of a lower Degree of Strength than as last aforesaid, upon Pain of all such Spirits being forfeited and lost; and all such Spirits, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Rectifier or rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, $nd to and for any Dealer or Dealers in redlified British Spirits, upon Condition of his, her, or their keeping his, her, or their whole Stock of Spirits of Wine separate and apart from his, her, or their Stock of ocher Liquors,

I

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73

quors, but not otherwise, to demand and receive Permits for fending out Spirits of Wine of any higher or

treater Degree of Strength than that of one in eight under Hydrometer Proof to any Person not being a laker, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits, so that the whole Quantity of such Spirits of Wine to be sent to any one Person in the' lame Day shall not exceed one hundred and twenty Gallons; and the Officer granting such Permit shall therein express the same to be Double Spirits, and shall debit the Stock of such Rectiher or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, or Dealer or Dealers, at the Rate of two hundred Gallons of British Spirits for every one hundred Gallons of Spirits of Wine for which such Permit shall be granted.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where the Strength of any Part of the Stock of any Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, by being mixed with any Sugar, Syrup, Seeds, Fruit, or any other Ingredients or Materials, cannot be easily alcei-tained by the Hydrometer, such Rcttifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, shall, upon twelve Hours Notice given him by such Officer or Officers, cauie the true Quantity and Degree of Strength of such Spirits, so mixed, to be legibly marked on the Outside of the Cask or Casks, or Vessel or Vessels containing the same respectively; and if the Strength of such Spirits shall be found to have been untruly marked by such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, on the Outside of such Cask or Casks, or Vessel or Vessels, or if he, she, or they shall, upon such twelve Hours Notice given as aforesaid, neglect to mark the Quantity and Degree of Strength of such Spirits as aforesaid, such Spirits, Syrup, Seeds, Fruit, and other ingredients, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Rectifier or Compounder, or Rectifiers or Compounders, shall also, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any British Spirits

to ther than and except raw or unrectified Spirits, or Spirits of Wine, which have been lawfully received by 'ermit, according to the Directions of this Act, or of an Act passed in this §ession of Parliament, intituled, An Act to dfcontinue, for a limited Tune, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereofor any Mixture of British Spirits with foreign Spirits, shall be found in the Custody of any Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, not being a Rectifier or Compounder of British Spirits, exceeding the Strength of one in eight under Hydrometer Proof, the same, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Spirituous Liquors, shall have, occupy, or use different entered Warehouses or Places for the keeping of any Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters, and which shall not be under the same Roof, or shall be separated from each other by the Intervention of any Land, Premises, Buildings, or otherwise howfoevet, the Stocks of Spirituous Liquors in such entered Warehouses or Places shall or may, if the Officer or Officers (under whose Survey such Stock or Stocks shall be) deem it expedient, be deemed and taken to be separate and distin£t Stocks, and the same shall and may be surveyed and kept account of determined by the Officer and Officers of Excise accordingly, in the same Manner as if the same belonged to different Persons.

XXXVI. And, to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may the more conveniently examine into, and give Proof (if necessary) of the Strength and Quality of any British Spirits for Home Consumption,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at all Times, to take any Sample or Samples, not exceeding four Gallons respectively, of any Spirits whatsoever, at any Tiime found in the Custody or Possession of any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Redifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, or Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, paying for such Sample or Samples, at and after the Rate of seven Shillings by the Gallon for such Sample or Samples of British Spirits, and at and after the Rate of thirteen Shillings by the Gallon for such Sample or Samples of foreign Spirits; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers in the taking any such Sample or Samples, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Still shall happen to be charged, and at work at the Time of such Officer’s taking* Account of the Stock of any Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Redifiers, or Corhpounder or Compounders of Spirits, to whom such Still shall belong, then, and in every such Case? all the Spirits produced from that Charge of the Still shall be kept separate and apart from the rest of such Stock till the Account of the rest of such Stock shall have been completely taken, after which the Spirits produced from that Charge shall be added to such Stock.

XXXVIII. And, for enabling the Officers of Excise the more readily to take the several Accounts by c this Act directed,* be it further enacted, That all standingor fixed Casks used for the keeping in Stock of any British Brandy, redified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Compounds, or other Spirits, shall, on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or if erected or set up after that Time, then before the same shall be made use of, be entered at the proper Office of Excise, and be truly gauged and inched to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, upon Pain of Forfeiture, by the Owner or Owners thereof, of the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Cask which shall be used without having been duly entered, gauged, and inched, as aforesaid, and also of every such Cask, with the Liquor contained therein j and that every moveable Cask use d for the

fending.

151

quor*, may fend cm a Quantity of a greater Strength.

Reflifiers not marking the Srreng h of mixed Spiriti on < alk, or marking them untruly, to forfeit the same, and 501.

Redified Spirit* found in the Custody of any Dealer, not a Rectifier, to be forfered, if ftmnger than one in eight under Hydrometer Proof* /

Spirituous Liquors kept in separate Buildings may be surveyed as separate Stock*.

Person* hindering Officers from tak ng Sample*, paying for the same, to foritit 100 1.

Spirit* produced from Stills at Work when Stocks a>e taken, to be afterward* added*

Penalty on ufirg Casks not enter-edorgaugtd, Uc.

152 C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Perform rot filling up Casks on Notice of Surrey, or not keeping different Sorts of Spirits separate, to forfeit lool.

Particulars to be specified in Permits*

Notice of the Receipt of Spirits brought from Scotland to be given; and if not properly reduced, to be forfeited.

Mode of Application for Permit?, and Penalty on Keeled.

fending out or keeping of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Compounds, or other Spirits, by any Maker, Rectifier, Compounder, or Dealer in Brhifh Spirits for Home Consump* tion, shall have its full Measure in Gallons, or the Quantity of Liquor it is capable of containing, legibly painted or cut on feme conspicuous Fart thereof, upon Fain that the Owner of any moveable Cask so used, -not having such full Measure or such Quantity painted or cut, or the Person lending out the same, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Default, Omission, or Offence.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if a previous, Notice of twelve Hours in Writing be given or left, by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey any Distiller or Distilleis, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, British Spirits, shall at any Time be, of such Officer or Officers Intention to take an Account of any Stock of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds, or other Spirits respectively, of or

belonging to any such Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, British Spirits, such Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, British Spirits, shall, within such twelve Hours, fill up, or cause to be filled up, all and every his, her, or their moveable Casks or Utensils containing any British Spirits, and which shall not be completely filled at the Time of such Notice being given, save and except that one of such moveable Casks or Utensils may remain on Ullage with British Brandy therein, another thereof on Ullage with rectified British Spirits therein, another thereof on Ullage with raw British Spirits therein, another thereof on Ullage with British Compounds therein, and another thereof on Ullage with Spirits of Wine therein; and such Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, British Spirits, shall also separate all such moveable Casks and Utensils containing British Brandy, from all other Casks and Utensils whatsoever, and keep the same so separated for the Space of iix Hours next after the Expiration of such twelve Hours, and shall in like Manner separate all such moveable Casks and Utensils containing rectified British Spirits from all other Casks and Utensils whatsoever, and in like Adanner keep the same so separate for the Space of six Hours next alter the Expiration of such twelve Hours; and shall also in like Manner separate all such moveable Casks and Utensils containing raw British Spirits from all other Casks and Utensils whatsoever, and in like Manner keep the same so separate for the Space of six Hours next after the Expiration of such twelve Hours; and shall in like Manner separate all such moveable Casks and Utensils containing British Compounds from all other Casks and Utensils whatsoever, and in like Manner keep the same so separate for the Space of six Hours next after the Expiration of such twelve Hours; and shall in like Manner separate all such moveable Casks and Utensils containing Spirits of Wine from all other Casks and Utensils whatsoever, and in like Manner keep the same so separate for the Space of six Hours next after the Expiration of such twelve Hours; to the Intent that such Officer may be able to take such Stock with the greater Ease and Certainty; and if such Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, shall or do, after such Notice, neglect or refuse to filL up, or cause to be filled up, any such moveable Cask or Utensil, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall neglect or refuse to separate all such moveable Casks and Utensils containing such British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, or British Spirits, British Compounds, and Spirits of Wine respectively, or to keep the same separate from all other Casks and Utensils whatsoever, according to the Directions of this Act, such Distiller or Distillers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Permit for the Removal of any raw British Spirits, it shall be expressed and truly specified immediately after the Name of the Person out of whose Stock such Spirits shall be sent, whether such Person be a Distiller or Maker, or a Rectifier, or a Maker and Rectifier, or a Dealer in Spirits; and that no Permit, save only the Permit from the actual Distiller or Alaker of such raw Spirits in England (such Distiller or Maker not being also a Rectifier for Home Consumption, or a Compounder of Spirits), and the Permit accompanying British Spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, legally brought from Scotland, shall carry with it, or intitle any Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer, to any Allowance for the same in Stock, beyond the actual Quantity of the Spirits removed by virtue of such Permit: Provided always, That every Dealer or Dealers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compounders, after receiving any rectified or compounded Spirits legally brought from Scotland', shall be obliged, within twenty-four Hours after the Receipt of such Spirits, to give Notice thereof to the proper Officer, who is hereby obliged, within twenty-four Hours after such Notice, to attend to fee such Spirits reduced to the Strength as by this Act provided for such rectified or compounded Spirits as aforesaid; and if such Rectifier, Compounder, or Dealer, shall refuse or neglect, at the Request of the Officer, to reduce such Spirits as aforesaid, such Spirits shall be seized, forfeited, and loft.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons intitled to, or demanding any Permit for the Removal of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Spirits of Wine, or British Compounds, for Home Consumption, shall in the Request Note specify the respective Trades or Callings, spccifying whether they are Distillers, Rectifiers, Compounders, or Dealers in British Spirits, and also the Quantity of each such respective Sort of British Spirits intended to be removed (and if such Person or Persons shall have, occupy, or use different entered Warehouses or Places for the keeping of any Brit ft} Spirits, and which shall not be under the same Roof, or be (eparated from each other by the Intervention of any Land, Premises, or Buildings, or otherwise howsoever, from what particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, the same is intended to be removed), and to whom the same is intended to be sent; and such Request Note shall also specify whether such British Spirits so intended to be removed* are British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Spirits of Wine, or British Compounds,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.

and shall also distinguish raw British Spirits made from Corn from raw British Spirits made from Melasses or Sugar, or any other Materials, and shall also specify the Contents of the several Casks, Vessels, and other Packages containing the same, and by what Mode of Conveyance the same is intended to be Tent, and whether by Land or by Water; and no Permit shall be valid, or of arty Eft'ed, if the lame shall be granted on any Reaueft Note not made conformable to the Directions of this Act; and all such Spirits which shall be removed under a Description not conformable to this Act, or under any false Description, together with die Casks, Vessels, and other Packages containing the same, and the Horses, Cattle, Carts, and other Carri iges used in the Removal thereof, shall be forfeited and loit, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every Permit to be granted by any Officer of Excise for the Removal of any British Spirits, shall be made to correspond, in respect to the Particulars aforesaid, with the Request Note whereon the same shall be granted, and such Permit shall be sent and delivered with such Spirits unto the Buyer thereof, upon Pain that such Spirits shall (if the same be not seized in the Transit for Want of a lawful Permit accompanying the same) be forfeited to the Buyer thereof, and the Seller rendered incapable of recovering the same, or the Value or Price thereof, in any Court of Law or Equity; and also that the Seller shall, over and besides the Loss of the said Spirits, forfeit and lose Double the Value of, or Price agreed to be paid for the same, including the Duties, and that the Evidence of the Buyer or Person receiving the said Spirits shall, as to such Forfeiture of double the Value or Price, be admitted to prove that the lame were delivered without a lawful Permit.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Suit or Action shall be commenced, or any Information filed or exhibited cither against the Seller for Recovery of the Forfeiture of such double Value or Price, or against the Buyer for the Recovery of the said Spirits, or the Value thereof; and upon the Trial or Hearing of any such Suit, Action, or Information respectively, the Delivery of a proper Permit to the Buyer shall become a Question, it shall be sufficient for the Seller to prove, that a lawful Permit was duly obtained by him for the Removal of such Spirits into the Stock of the Buyer thereof, and that there had been a suitable Decrease in the Seller’s Stock to answer the Quantity of such Spirits (b removed and delivered; and upon making out such Proof, such Spirits shall be adjudged to have been lent out and delivered with a lawful Permit, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided also, That no Buyer of any such British Spirits shall avail himself of any such Forfeiture as aforesaid, unless such Buyer shall, within fourteen Days next after the Delivery of the said Spirits to him, her, or them, exhibit a Complaint or Information before the Commissioners of Excise or Justices of the Peace, having Jurisdiction in that Behalf, and forthwith prosecute the same with Effect; and when any such Buyer shall, before the Delivery of such Spirits, have actually paid for the same, and shall prosecute the Seller for the said Penalty of double the Value, and shall recover the same, then, and in such Cale, the said Buyer shall and may have and maintain his Action upon the Case at Common Law against such Seller for the Money so paid, or for so much Money had and received by the Defendant for the Plaintiff’s Life; and, upon obtaining a Verdict in such Action, the Plaintiff shall also recover Costs of Suit,

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all British Spirits of the third Extraction, or which have been twice distilled from Low Wines, and have had any Flavour commu heated thereto; and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be British Brandy within the Meaning of this Act; and all British Spirits of the third Extraction, or which shall have been twice distilled from Low Wines, and have had no Flavour communicated thereto, and all Liauors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be rectified British Spirits within the Meaning of this Act; and all British Spirits of the fg-cond Extraction, or which shall have been once distilled from Low Wines, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be raw British Spirits within the Meaning of this Act; and all British Spirits which shall have been distilled with Juniper Berries, Carra-way Seeds, Anise Seeds, or any other Seeds, Preparation, or Ingredient whatsoever, used in the compounding of Spirits, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such British Spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be British Compounds within the Meaning of this Act; and all British Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than one or two over Hydrometer Proof, ftnil be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine withirrthe Meaning of this Act; and if any Question shall arise whether any Spirits removed by any Permit are bona Jicie such British Brandy, 1 edified Spirits, raw Spirits, Spirits of Wine, or Compounds, as are described and specified in the Permit accompanying the same, or granted for the Removal thereof, although such Spirits should appear to have been kept in the Odicers Books, or Account of the Stock from which such Spirits were removed, by the same Name or Description as is specified in such Permit, the Proof of such Spirits being really and born file of the Sort specified in such I'emvt, shall be upon the Owner or (Jlaimer thereof, by the Oaths of two credible WitndLs, being ikfful and expeneixed Persons competent to decide by Examination thereof.

XLV. And be it lurcher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller, Maker, Redifier, Compounder, or Retailer, or Distillers, Makers, Redifiers, Compounders, or ReraiVs of British or foreign Spirits, or any Dealer in British or foreign Spirits, shall, after ihe first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and eghty-seven, be convicted of the Offence of fraudulently making, or of naving in ins, her, or their Possession, any Spirits whatsoever, British or foreign, without having received a legal Permit with the same; and it shall have appeared in Proof, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excite, or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made, that the Offence was knowingly and wilfully committed by the Party convicted of the same, which Fad of such Offence being knowingly and wilfully committed, shall be set forth in the Record of such Conviction; in every such Case, the

26 Geo. III. - X Offender

153

Permits t« ror-respond with Ke-q lrlt Notes, and to be delivered to the 15iner, ra Penalty of Fur-feittre of the Spiiits, dec.

If it be prosed thir a Prrmic wai obtained for Removal of Spirits, they shall be deemed to hire bren delivered with a Permit.

Boyen prosecuting for Forfeiture of Spirits, delivered without Permit*, to exhibit Complaint!, in foutteca Day*, Sec,

Denominations of Spirits of different Distillo-tiens.

Pro^f of Spirits removed, bei ig such as delcnb-ed in she Prr-mit, *0 hr uooa the Owners.

Prrfca* fraudulently nuking or poffcihng Spirits, to forfeit th=ir Licences.

i5«-

R"i*iihuon« re-1 > ivet' the Size of Velleh for c >ntaining raw S' pit i s and Times of rc&i-fcJ Sjir'ns being received*

Penalty on receiving Spiiits in improper C j/k?, or at im» ptoptr Hours*

The Manufacturer of Maid-stone Geneva to pay 185. for every 72 Gallons of Wa/h made from not mfcre than 112 lb. of Corn. For every 112 lb. of Corn,a Credit ra be allowed of $ Gallont of Spirits of me in seven under Hydrometer Proof. If Spirits be Wronger than one to seven under Hydrometer Proof, they are forfeited.

Undue Excess of Stock to be for-i cited.

Notice of making Wort at the said Manufactory to be givtn, r n Penalty wf 2001*

A Still to be r ro-vr.oed at the said M u'aft try, to enable 'he Officer to a feet tain thi Strength of Waft.

C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Offender or Offenders (over and besides all other Penalties incurred by Law) shall forfeit and be debarred

from all future Benefit and Advantage of his or their subsisting Licence or Licences for making, rectifying, or vending any Spirits or other Liquors; and if such Offender shall be a Maker, Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits, or Wholesale Dealer in Spirits, his or her Entry or Entries, Licence or Licences for the making, roitfying, compounding, or vending of Spirits, shall be void, and no new or fresh Licence shall be granted to such Pc rfo n for the Space of one Month.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tffiat no Maker, Rectifier, Or Compounder* or Makers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of Spirits, shall receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any raw British Spirits in any Cask or Vessel of a less Size or Content than that of one hundred Galloiisatthe least; nor shall any Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, or Distillers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of Spirits, nor any Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, receive into his, her, or their Custody or Possession any British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Compounds, or Spirits of Wine, at any other Time than between the Hours herein mentioned; (that is to say), From the twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September, both inclusive, between the Hours of Five in thg Morning and Seven in the Evening, and from the thirtieth Day of September to the twenty-fourth Day of March, both Days inclusive, between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Six in the Evening; and when and so, often as any raw British Spirits shall be received in any Cask or Vessel of a less Content or Size than such as is before mentioned; or if any such Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, or Dealer, or Distillers, Rectifiers, Compounders* or Dealers, shall so receive any BritiJ/j Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Compounds, or Spirits of Wine, at any other Time than is herein before for that Purpose limited, he, (he; or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds; and all such British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, British Compounds, and Spirits of Wine, which shall be so received contrary to the Prohibition herein before in that Behalf made and contained, together with the Casks and Veil'd5 containing the same, and such British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits* British Compounds, Casks, and Vessels, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may befeized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XL VIE And whereas a Manufacture of Spirits, commonly called Maidstone Geneva, is established at McudjUne in the County of Kent, by George BiJJoop of that Place, which Manufacture is essentially different from any other Manufacture of Spirits in Great Britain, as well with respect to the Quality of the Liquor as to the Process by which it is made: And whereas the said Manufacture requires so large a Proportion of Wash to produce a given Quantity of Spirits, as to render it impossible to continue the said Manufacture*

if the Rates of Duties herein before prescribed by this Act be collected on each Gallon of Wash; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be paid by the said George Bishop, for every seventy-two Gallons of Wash which he shall produce from a Weight of Malt, or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, the Sum of eighteen Shillings, being at the Rate of three Pence per Gallon.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every orjg hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Malt, or other Corn, before the same is separated from the Bran thereof, so used by the said George Rijloop, he shall be allowed a Credit, in the Books of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, of not more than eight Gallons of Spirits, at the Strength of one in Seven under Hydrometer Proof.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said George Bishop shall not fell or send out any Spirits whatsoever, of a greater Degree of Strength than that of one in seven under Hydrometer Proof; and if the said George Bishop shall fell or send out any Spirits whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Spirits, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same, and the Horles, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages made use of in the Removal thereof, shall be forfeited and lost* and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if on casting up the Stock of the said George Bijicp, the Officer of Excise shall find the Quantity of Spirits contained in such Stock, to exceed the Quantity for which the said George Bishop is intitled to Credit, at the Strength of one in seven under Hydrometer Proof, after deducing and allowing for the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to the said George Bishop, then, and every such Case, the Excess found shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the said George Bishop shall make use of any Malt or Corn, for the Purpose of making any Wort or Wash, he shall give twelve Hours Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, of his Intention to use the same, in order that the said Officer may attend to weigh such Malt or Corn; and if the said George Bishop shall neglect to give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

1,11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Purpose of enabling the proper Officer of Excise to ascertain the Strength of the Wash on which the Duty as aforesaid shall have been charged, the said George Bishop shall provide in his Distillery House at Maidstone aforesaid, a small Still with a Worm and Tub complete, of a Size sufficient to distil at one Time twenty-four Gallons of Wash, and which Quantity of Walli such Officer is hereby impowered to take and distil for the Purpose aforesaid* when and as often as he shall think fit; and if twenty-four Gallons of Wash so distilled shall be found to produce more than two Gallons and three fourth Parts of a Gallon of Spirits, at the Strength of one in seven under Hydrometer Proof, then the whole Quantity of Wash from which such twenty-four Gallons were taken, shall be charged with a Duty of one Shilling per Gallon.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons actually txxupying any House, whether he, she, or they be the Owner or Renter, or Owners or Renters thereof, or 'not, shall knowingly permit any private Back or Still to be let up or used in any Part of such House, or in any Building thereto belonging, oy any Person or Persons whomsoever for the making of Wort. Wadi, or other Liquor for Distillation, or of any Low Wines or Spirits, without a due Entry being previously made thereof at the proper Office of Excise, or without having taken out a legal Licence for that Purpose, such Occupier shall incur and be subject to the time Pains and Penalties as are by Law directed to be inflated on Persons actually using any such Back or Still.

LIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person licensed to sell Brandy or other Spirits by Retail, or felling Brandy or other Spirits by Retail, shall be the Proprietor or Owner of any Distillery or Rectifying House, or have any Part or Share in any Distillery or Rectifying House, or be in any Manner concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller, Re&ificr, or Com founder or' Spirits; and if any such Person so licenseJ, or so felling Brandy, Rum, or other Spirits, by Retail, shall be the Proprietor or Owner of any Distillery or Rectifying House, or have any Part or Share in any Distillery or Rectifying House, or be in any Manner concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder of Spirits, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lol’c the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

LV. And whereas great Frauds have been committed by Persons carrying on in the same Premises the joint Business of a Vinegar-maker from MeUfics or Sugar, and Distiller of Spirits from Wash or Wort made from Melasses or Sugar, or the joint Business of a Vinegar-maker from Melaflts or Sugar, and a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits*/ for the preventing thereof in future, be it further enacted, That, from and after tie first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and eighty-dl veil, it shall not be lawful for any Person carrying on the Trade or Business of a Vinegar-maker from Mel dies or Sugar, or from any other Materials, except Malt or Corn, to carry on, either alone or in Partnership, the Trade or Business of a Distiller, or Maker or Rectifier of Spirits, in the Buildings or Premises in which such Person shall carry on the Trade of a Vinegar-maker from any other Materials than Malt or Corn, or within the Distance of two Miles thereof, and that all Entries made for the carrying on the Trade or Business of a Distiller, or Maker or Rectifier of Spirits, contrary hereto, shall be null and void.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Person or Persons shall be intitled, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, to carry on the Trade of a Vinegar-maker, he, she, or they shall make an Entry with the proper Officer of Excise, of the Brewhouse, Buildings, Yard, or Place, for the carrying on such Trade, and that in such and all future Entries made by any Vinegar-maker or Vinegar-makers, it shall be declared and specified whether he, she, or they be a Maker or Makers of Vinegar from Malt or Corn, or from Mobiles or Sugar, or from any and what other Materials; and that every Entry not conformable thereto sha'l be void; and that all Entries made by Vinegar-makers on or before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall, from and immediately after that Day, become void, ar.J be no longer in force.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall sell or send out any British Spirits mixed with foreign Spirits from their Warehouses, Store-houses. Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Sheds, or other Places to him, her, or them belonging, in any greater Quantity than four Gallons, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no foreign Brandy, Rum, Arrack, or other foreign Spirits or Strong Waters, exceeding the Quantity of sixty Gallons, shall be brought within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, by one Permit, or by one Conveyance, at one and the frme Time, from any other Part of England, or from Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, either by Land or Water, save and except only by the Way of Gravrjerd to the Port of London, in the legal and ordinary Course of Commerce, on Pain of being hi zed and forfeited.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no foreign Spirituous Liquors whatever (except Rum of the Growth or Produce of the Briujh Plantations, and Arrack) shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, in any Vessel or Cask which shall contain Ids than one hundred Gallons at the leall (excepting only for the Lie of the Seamen then belonging to and on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two Gallons for each Seaman), upon Pain of forfeiting such foreign Spirituous Liquors, and also the Ship or V eft cl in which the same shall be so imported, of whatever Burthen the same may be, with all her Gun;, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall import into the Kingdom of Great Britain any foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters whatsoever, of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than tint of one to nine over Hydrometer Proof; and if any foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, dial I be imported of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited and lost, together with the Casks and Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to the Forfeiture of any Rumor Spirits of the Growth, Produce and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations,

*55

Occuprers of Houfrg, permitting Stills 10 be fst up without Itntry and Li -conte, fubptf ro the i ke Penal-tlr.i as unlieealed Di<. nller».

R tailers of Splits to f rfei: 100l. if they hive any Share of ir.y Dihiilrry*

Vineger makeri not to carry on in the same Prc* mises a Distillery.

From Aug. x,

1786, all Entiies of Vinrgar-makers to be void, unlefa therein be expressird he JYia* le'iah from which the Vine-g*r is nude.

No mixed Spirit* to be sent out in a greater Quantity than Gallons, 00 Penalty of 50 1.

If more than 60 Gallons of foreign Spirit* be brought to London at once, ex« Cept in Commerce, to be' forfei ed.

A her Ofl. r, 1786,-Ship* blinking Spirit* in Casks of left than ico Gallons (except Rumor Arrack), to be forfeited, and the Liquor,

After Nov, i#

178 6, Spirits imposed stronger than one to nine over Hydrometer Proof (except from British Plantations), to be forfeited.

*5$

v hich Siili, are

l br prrfu Ti d t bt

d«i ri re h« 1 i nt ti %wuiki.'2, Scc.

No Entry <0 ke withdrawn »l’er Still ikall have bfgon workings in less than 3 Months.

After 3 Merab?, 1 nt- it's may be withdrawn < n givii g Notice.

Commissioners, ©t Excise mi*y grar,t Rel ef where the pre-sum^d Charge!

of Puty exceed the actual Qiisa* l.ty of Walb.

No S.il’s that have ducs'nti-nued working to ircommence without giving Nr tier, on Pe. Hilly of 203 I.

P ryiiU i'ins with teg ird to Seizures made between u£t. 3C, 7 <4, and

Julj S, 1786.

C. 73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

for being Imported into this Kingdom, of any greater Degree than that of one to nine over Hydrometer Proof.

LXI. And whereas the Quantities of Wort, Wash, or other Liquor, produced to the Officers of Excise at several Distilleries taken for a given Time, have occasionally fallen short of the Quantities which the Stiils and Utensils belonging to such Distilleries were, according to the ordinary Course of Distillation,

capable of working within the same given Time, and there is Reason to suspect that considerable Quan- v.iks of Wort, Wash, and other Liquor, have been fraudulently worked at such Distilleries, in prejudice ( i his Majesty's.Revenue, and to the manifest Injury of the fair Trader For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, every entered alh Still, belonging to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits from Malt or Corn, for Dome Consumption, during the Time the same shall be worked, shall be presumed to have been charged with Wash, in the Proportion of three Parfs in four of the Content or Capacity of such Still, including the Head thereof, according to the Average Rates herein after expressed and specified; (that is to say), For such "l ime or "l imes as such Wash Still shall be worked betwixt the fifteenth Day of November inclusive, in any one Year and the fifteenth Day of May exclusive, in the next succeeding Year, every such Wash Still shall be presumed to have been charged as aforesaid at the Average Rate of five Times in every Week*, and for such Fime or Times as the same shall be worked betwixt the fifteenth Day of May inclusive, in any one Year and the fifteenth Day of 'November exclusive, in the same Year, every such Wash Still shall be presumed to have been charged as aforesaid at the Average Rate of four Times m every Week.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August, every such Wash Still, after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, shall be presumed to be kept regularly in Work for the Space of three Calendar Months successively, at the least, to be computed from the, Day of the actual working thereof; and no Person or Persons who shall have begun to work any Wash Still shall be at Liberty to discontinue or withdraw the Entry of any such Still after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, until the Expiration of the said Term of three Calendar Months, to be computed as aforesaid.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Owner or Owners of any Wash Still shall be inclined to discontinue working the same, such Owner or Owners shall be at Liberty so to do at any Time after the End and Expiration of the said three Calendar Months, to be computed as aforesaid, upon giving Notice in Writing, four Days at least, to the Officer of the Distridfc or Place, of such his, her, or their Intention, and expressing in such Notice the Day on which the working of such Still is intended to be discontinued.

LXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time be made appear, by sufficient Proof upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, the Sufficiency of such Proof being left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners, that the Difference or Excess in the Amount of the pre-fumptive Charges of the Still, beyond the Quantity of Wort, Wash, or other Liquor, actually produced to the bight of the Officer, was occasioned or shall have arisen by unavoidable Necessity, and that all the Wort, Wash, and other Liquor worked off at such Wash Still, was bona fide produced to the Sight of the Officer; then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, and they are hereby required to grant to the Owner or Owners of such Wash Still such Relief as shall in their Judgement be reasonable and just.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Owner or Owners of any such Stills who shall have discontinued working the same in the Manner aforesaid, shall be inclined to recommence the working thereof, such Owner or Owners shall signify such his, her, or their Intention to the Officer of Excise by Notice in Writing, four Days at the least next antecedently to the Day whereon such Working is intended to be renewed (which Day shall be specified in such Notice); and if any such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons, shall recommence such Working without such Notice being given as is herein before directed, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Arrack and Rum, and all Homemade and foteign Brandy, Compounds, and other Spirits of what Kind soever, which, between the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, have been, or may be, seized and condemned, and are now remaining in his Majesty's Warehouses, or may be deposited therein previous to the said fifth Day of July, and which were, by the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, directed to be staved and destroyed, shall be valued by such Persons, and in such Manner and Form, as the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland, or the major Part of them respectively, in Cases of Seizures made by the Oincers of the Customs, and as the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland or the major Part of them respectively, in Cases of Seizures made by the Officers of Excise, shall direct; and that after such Valuation, the same, or any Part thereof, shall, at the Discretion of the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, be either staved and destroyed, except in such Cases where it ih.il! appear, to the said respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in England and Scotland re-fixelively, or the major Part of them respectively, that such condemned Spirits are proper to be disposed of to or for any of the Lies or Purposes herein after mentioned; that is to say, to or for the Qfe of his Majesty's Navy or Army, or of the Crews of Ships or Vessels employed in the Service of the Revenue of Customs or Excite, or of his Majesty's Garrisons abroad, or for Exportation to foreign Parts, or for Consumption on bo.ud of any Ships or Vessels going upon foreign Voyages, in which two last mentioned cases, the same fn Ji be shipped under the like Security for the due Exportation or Consumption thereof respectively as aforesaid,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. 157

as is required in the Case of Spirits which may be lawfully exported or shipped for Consumption on Shipboard, and shall be subject to Re-seizure and Re-condemnation in case of being relanded; and the Persons relanding the same shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as they reflectively would have been subject to for the fam^ in case such Spirits had been made, or originally intended and shipped for Exportation or for Consumption on Shipboard, as aforesaid: Provided always, That whenever it shall be judged expedient by the said respective Commissioners that such Spirits shall be sold for any of the Purposes before mentioned, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required reflectively to certify the Facts and Circumstances of the Seizure and Condemnation of such Spirits and the Quantity thereof, with their Opinion to or for which of the Uses or Purposes herein before mentioned the same may be propcily applied, unto the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorised and impowered, from Time to Time, to make such Orders for the Application or Disposal thereof, to or for any of the said Purposes, as they in their Judgement shall think tit.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Officer or Officers who Officer* who shall have seized any such Arrack, Rum, Brandy, Compounds, or other Spirits, producing a satisfactory havC made such

Certificate or Proof of the Condemnation and Valuation thereof, and of the securing the same as aforesaid, S^iu'es to re-

unto the said respective Commissioners, the said respective Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to direct the Receiver-general of the Customs, or the proper Officers of Excise, as the Case may be, to pay lr's 5uais*Vlz* to such Officer, within twenty Days after producing such Certificate, out of any of the Duties in their respective Receipt or Collection, the several Sums following; (that is to say),

For every Gallon of Arrack, Cordials, or French Brandy, of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Fore*ery Gallon Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, the Sum of two Sniffings and lix Arf*,k' Pence:

Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, as. 6d.

For every Gallon of other foreign Brandy, or of foreign Geneva, or Rum, in Proportion to the Strength

thereof as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings and two Pence: Brlnd^ &c*ia

Proportion to its Strength, as. ad.

And for every Gallon of other Spirits, British or foreign, of what Kind soever, in Proportion to the Strength thereof as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shilings.

Which said Sums shall be in lieu and* Satisfaction of all other Rewards whatsoever (the Charges of Seizure, Removal, and Condemnation, only excepted); any Law, Statute, or Ufa ge, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties hereby impoied shall, from Time to Time, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, at such Time and Times as the aforesaid Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, and hereby discontinued, have usually been, or ought to have been, or are directed to be raised, levied, collected, or paid; and that all the Monies whatsoever arising from the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by the Commissioners of Excise, and shall be appropriated and applied in Manner following; that is to say, five sixth Parts thereof to and for the several and the same Uses and Purposes as the said Rates and Duties on Low Wines and Spirits hereby discontinued, were, by the several Acts for granting, imposing, and appropriating the same, directed to be appropriated and applied reflectively; and the remaining Part thereof shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund, commonly called *Thc Sinking Fund, and shall be applicable to the same Lies and Purposes as the said Sinking Fund is now applicable unto.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, or to his Majesty's Duties of Excise upon Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, in force at the Time of passing of the said Act, made in the twenty.-fourth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, are contained, provided, settled, or dtabldhed, for managing, assessing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Rates or Duties thereby imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, npt being expressly altered, repealed, changed, or controlled by this Act, or not being repugnant to any of the Matters, Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations in this Act contained, shall be and continue in full Force, and.be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution throughout England, in and for the managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several Duties by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly infer ted and re-enacted in this Act.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or any others acting in his or their Aid, in the Execution of, or by reason of his or their Office, under the Authority, or by Colour of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within three Months next after the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be

For every Gallon of other Spirit*, a

Duties to be levied a> former Duties, and to be paid into (he Exchequer.

Appropriation

Of Du.ics.

Provisions of f -rmer A£U ex-tsndecTto thii.

[General Issue.]

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

Persons ob-flrufting Offibers tn th?'r Duty, to forfeit loo 1.

How Penal tie* are to be recovered and applied.

Persons sued for Penalties under this Act, not liable to the Penalties of former Acts, See,

Act to continue in force for two Years, from Aug. i, 1786,

Act 24 Geo. 3. c. 46. repealed, except such Parti as relate to Lards of Ferintofh, Arrears of Duties, and Penalties.

Act 19 Geo. 3. c. *5.5 and

Act 20 Geo. 3. c. 5.} and

Act 21 Geo. 3. c. 17. j and

C. 73.

A.D. 1786.

laid in the County or Place where the Fafts were committed, and not in any other County or Place, unlefe otherwise directed by the Special Rule or Order of the Court wherein such Action shall be depending, and the Defendant or Defendants shall and may plead the General flue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit, or if, upon a Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedies for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in other cases.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker, or Distil-lers or Makers, of Low Wines or Spirits, or Rectifier or Compounder, or Rectifiers or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Spirits or Strong Waters, or any Workman or Servant belonging to him, her, or them, shall ob( tract or assault, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the several Powers and Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers by this or any other Act now in force, relating to Dutiilers, Rectifiers, or Compounders of Spirits, or to Dealers in Spirits or Strong Waters, every such Distiller or Maker, Rectifier, Compounder, or Dealer, shall, except in such Cases for which any other Penalty or Penalties are herein before directed, forfeit and lose, for evey such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be iued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; an! the other Moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be sued or prosecuted for any of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed for the same Offence by any former Act; nor shall any Person who shall be sued or prosecuted for any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by any former Act, be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed for the same Offence by this present Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Effect as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no Special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and shall remain and continue in force, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof it is no: hereby other Wife directed, for the Space of two Years, to be computed from that Day.

LXXV4 And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act made in the said twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, other than and except so much and such Parts thereof as vest in his Majesty, or relate to or concern the Duties of Excise within the Lands of Ferintosh, in the County of Inverness, or regard an Exemption from the Payment thereof, or the making of any Contract, Agreement, or Trial, thereby authorised in respect to the said Duties or Exemptions; and also other than and except in respect to the Arrears of any of the Rates and Duties in and by the said last mentioned Act charged, granted, or imposed, and which, at the Commencement of this Act, shall remain due and unpaid, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture, or Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred in respect thereof, or under or by virtue of the said Act; and also except so far as the said last mentioned Act is not already repealed by any other Act of the present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is, from and after the Commencement of this Act, repealed.

LXXVI. And whereas by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commission. rs of the Cnjloms and Excise in Great Britain^ an additional Im- pod or Duty, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, was granted upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Subsidies, Imports and other Duties, of what Rind or Nature soever they might be, which were then due and payable to his Majesty, and were collected in this Kingdom, under the Management and Direction of the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, for and upon any Goods and Merchandizes imported into or exported from, or carried Coastwise into Great Britain; which said additional Impost or Duty was charged upon the Amount of the said former Subsidies, Imports, and other Duties, after the usual Discounts and other Allowances had been made and deducted therefrom-; and also an additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum was granted to his Majesty, upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges (except as therein after is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the Management of the respective Commissioners in England and Scotland: And whereas by another Act, made in the twen- tic th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his A'laj jly additional Duties upon Malt and upon Low I Vines and Spirits made for Home Confirm pi ion, and upon foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said several Duties; and for granting a Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons trading in, vending, or felling of Coffee, Tea, or Chocolate, further Rates and Duties were granted and imposed, amongst other Things, upon Spirits imported into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions by any former Act or Acts of Parliament thereupon set or imposed: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Atifor granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the r effective Commissioners of the Excise in Great Britain, a further additional

*59

A.D. 1786# Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.

Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum was granted and imposed upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges (except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excite in England and Scotland: And whereas by another Act, made in the twenty second Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties Alt 21 Geo.

upon the Produce of the fevered Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and c. 66. recited.

Excfe in Great Britain, a further additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum was granted to his Majesty upon the Produce and Amount of all the several Inland Duties, Rates, Impositions, and Charges (except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland: And whereas it is expedient to suspend the several additional Impolts, Rates, and Duties by the said several Acts made in the nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of his said Majesty's Reign, imposed upon Rum, and upon other Spirits imported into Great Britain, from his Majesty's Sugar Plantations in the H'cjl Indies;* be it therefore enacted, That the several additional Rates and Duties in and by the said And theadditi-Abls of the twentieth of his present Majesty's Reign, granted and imposed upon Rum and Spirits imported onai Duties into Great Britain, being the Produce, Production, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Islands, or Sugar thereby imposed Plantations, in the West Indies; and also the several and respective additional Imports, Duties, or Charges, ©nRumandSpi-aiter the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, imposed and granted in and by the aforesaid three several Acts. Wei/lodils,6 made in the nineteenth, twenty-first, and twenty-second Years of his Majesty's Reign, upon Rum and suspended for Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture aforesaid, imported into this Kingdom; and all Penal- two Years, ties and Forfeitures in respect of the said additional Imports, Duties, or Charges thereby Jimposed upon the Rum and Spirits aforesaid respectively, shall be, and the lame are hereby suspended for the Term of two Years, to be computed from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, but that such Suspen-fion shall not extend to or affebt any of the Arrears of the said additional Imports, Rates, or Duties, or any of them, now remaining due and unpaid, or any Penalty or Forfeiture, or Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred in respea thereof.

FORM of the ENTR Y*

For a Corn Distiller»

I A.B. of Street, in the Parish of Distiller, do hereby revoke all former Entries

by me made, and do make Entry of the undermentioned Utensils for preparing and distilling Wash front: Corn and Grain 5 videlicet,

One Copper, for preparing and brewing Worts*

One Math Tun, for mashing Grain.

One Under Back, for receiving Worts from the Mash Tuit*

Six Coolers for cooling Worts.

One Bub Back, for making and keeping Bub.

Ten Wash Backs, for fermenting and keeping Wash.

One Tack Back, for receiving Wash from the Wash Backs to be pumped into the Wash Still.

One Still for distilling Wash into Low Wines.

One Still for distilling Low Wines into Spirits.

One Low Wine Cask, for receiving Low Wines from the Wash Still.

One Spirit Cask, for receiving Spirits from the Low Wine Still and One Feint Cask, for receiving and* keeping Feints.

All these Utensils are situate in my Distil House in Street aforesaid, and this Entry is for

Home Consumption (or Exportation, as the Case may require).

JfiTitness my Hand, this Day of one thousand

A. 5.

Witness

For a Melasses Distiller, ReRifitr, or Compounder.

I A.B. of Street, in the Parish of Distiller, do hereby revoke all Entries by me made*

and do make Entry of the un ier-mentioned Utensils for preparing, fermenting, and distilling Waflj* from Melasses or Sug r 5 videlicet;

Fourteen Wash Backs, for fermenting and keeping Wash.

One Jack Back, for receiving Waih from the Warn Backs to be pumped into the Waft Still.

Foufe

t6o

[Preamble.]

% From July 5, 17^6, in *ddi-tional Duty of 6 f. per Barrel to be paid for Swee<» made from foreign Materials.

Additional Duties »o be paid as former Duties arc.

Additional Duty to be < harg-able >*ith the five per Cent? Sec, grafted by

Act 19 Geo. 3. c. 25. j and

Act 21 Geo. 3. (. 17. j and

Act 21 Geo. 3,

t.66.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer weekly, and c ar»itd to the Sinking Fund.

C. 74. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Four Stills for distilling; videlicet,

One of those Stills for distilling Wash into Low Wines.

Another Still for distilling Low Wines into Spirits.

Also all the four Stills for rectifying and compounding Spirits.

One Low Wine Cask, for receiving Low Wines from the Wafti Still.

One Spirit Cask, for receiving Spirits from the Low Wines Still \ and one Feint Cask, for receiving and keeping Feints.

All these Utensils are situate in my Distil House in Street aforesaid, and this Entry is for

Home Consumption [or Exportation, as the Case may require).

Witness my Hand, this Day of 178

A.B.

Witness

c. d.

E F

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing in Sweets.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious Confederation your Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, recommending the Establishment of a fixed Plan for the Reduction of the National Debt; and your faithful Commons, being deiirous of attaining that desirable Object by the most cafy and effectual Means, have, towards that Purpose, resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the fe- vcral Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Exellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Barrel of Liquor made within the Kingdom of Great Britain for Sale by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguishes by the Name of Made Wines, for which no Duty hath been already paid, or shall be paid on or before the said fifteenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, an additional Duty of six Shillings, to be paid by the Makers thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duty, hereby imposed on Sweets or Made Wines, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and under such Management, Penalties, and Forfeitures^ and with such Powers for recovering the same, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as the former Duties on Sweets are now raised, levied, collected and paid under the Directions of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force respecting the said Duties, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating thereunto, were particularly here repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duty herein before granted on Sweets or Made Wines, shall be moreover subject and liable to an additional Duty or Impost of five Pounds per Centum, of five Pounds per Centum, and of five Pounds per Centum, on the Produce and Amount thereof; and that such additional Duty or Imposts of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, and by and under the same Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities, Ways, Means, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the additional Duty or Charge of five Pounds per Centum, five Pounds per Centum, and five Pounds per Centum, are granted to his Majesty by three several Acts of Parliament, the one thereof made in the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the several Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain; another thereof made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon the Produce of the everal Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain; and the other thereof made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon the Produce of the everal Duties under the Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain; are directed to be raised, levied, collected, and paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Imposts and Duties by this Act granted, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, and such Commissioners shall weekly, (to wit) on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holiday, answer and pay all the Monies arising by the said additional Imposts and Duties, the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, accounting - 6 for,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74.. 161

for, and paying the same only excepted, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Monies which such Commissioners of Excise shall receive for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and such Monies, so paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be carried to and made Fart of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, and shall be applicable to the same Uses and Furpoles as the said Sinking Fund is now applicable unto.

V. And whereas, by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain n iv Duties on stamped AS 9 Ann*,

Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland $ *3*5 an*

and for securing thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Post Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty-six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two Years,

to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occafiom); it was enacted, That for every Piece of Vellum or Farchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which should be ingossed or written any Licence for retailing Wine, there should be paid the Sum of four Shillings: And whereas by another Act, made in the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty everal Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and AS 30 Gen. t#

other Deeds; and upon Newspapers, Advertisements, and Almanacks 5 and upon Licences for retailing Wine 5 c. 19.; and and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts', and for applying, from a certain Lime, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licence* for retailing Spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Sum of three Millions by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money j and for making perpe- tual an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Con t raffs of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices) \ it was enacted, That for every Fiece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Fiece of Paper, on which L*ould be ingroiled, written, or printed, any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who should not take out either a Licence for retailing of Spirituous Liquors, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other exciseable Liquors, over and above all other Rates already imposed thereon, there should be paid an additional Duty of five Pounds; and where a Licence for retailing Wine should be granted to any Person having a Licence to retail Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, but not a Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors, there should be charged on such Wine Licence an additional Duty of four Pounds; and where a Licence for retailing Wine should be granted to any Person who should also take out a Licence for retailing Spirituous Liquors and Ale,

there should be charged on such Wine Licence an additional Duty of forty Shillings: And it was in the said Act, among other Things, enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, no Person whatsoever, unless authorised and enabled by taking out such Licence,

should fell or utter by Retail (that is) by the Pint, Quart, Pottle, or Gallon, or by any other greater or lesser Retail Measure, or in Bottles in any less Quantity than should be equal to the Measure of the Cask or Vessel in which the same should have been, or might lawfully be imported, any Kind of Wine or Wines,

or any Liquor called or reputed Wine, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, one hundred Pounds:

And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty (intituled An 31 Geo.

Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one c. 31. recited*

ihoifandJeven hundred and fifty-eight; and for impowering the proper Officers to make forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for obliging the Retailers of Wines, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, to take out a Wine Licence), after reciting the said Act of the thirtieth of his said late Majesty,

as herein before is recited, and reciting that great Frauds might easily be practised, in case the Retailers of certain Liquors made in this Kingdom, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, should not be, equally with the Retailers of other Kinds of Wine, obliged to take out such Licences for retailing of Wine, it was enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, no Person whatsoever, unless he be authorised and enabled, by having taken out the Licence in the said recited Act directed, subject to the Payment of such Duties as are therein respectively charged upon such Licences, to sell Wine by Retail, should fell or offer, by any Retail xMeafure, or in Bottles, in any Quantity less than twenty-five Gallons, any Kind of Liquor made in Great Britain by Fruit, and known by the Name of Sweets, or Made Wines, upon Pain to forfeit, for every Offence, one hundred Pounds: And whereas it is now expedient that separate Licences should be granted to the Venders of foreign Wines imported, and 4 10 the Venders of Sweets or j3r/'///&-made Wines \ be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Prom July Day of July one thousand fevers hundred and eighty-six, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's >7^ Licenses Commissioners of Stamps, or any two of them, to grant, upon any Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, any Licence for felling of Sweets or British-made Wines by any Retail Measure, grants*to^Vr. to any Person or Persons applying for the same (although such Person or Persons shall not have a Spirituous r,n« not hating Liquor or Ale Licence), stamped or marked with a Stamp or Mark of two Pounds and four Shillings j and Spirituous LU all and every Person and Persons felling British*made W ines only under such Licences, shall be freed and V'nror Ale U-discharged from any Penalty by the said Acts imposed for felling Wine under Licences not stamped as by the cence' laid Acts are directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Pains of Death, Penalr BonTrrUtuVto ties, Distribution of Penalties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any Act of ^tampion win« Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Wine Lipences, not hereby altered, shall be of as full Lice«cc«extend-Force and Eftest, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby edtoihUAft,

*6 Geo. III. Y enacted, b*h^nc°d,.h"t‘

1^4 C. 75. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

enacted, with relation to the Licences to be granted under this Act, by the said Commissioners of the

Stamp Duties.

Licencet to eon-

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all and every Licence so granted, the Words (tofell Sweets or tain, and 0ealert Bx\i\(h-made Wines only) shall be inserted *, and all and rvery Person so licensed as aforesaid to retail Sweets he or Wines, shall cause the Words (Dealer in British Wines) to be painted or written in legible

w'/dj Herein Characters, either on a Sign hung out, or on some conspicuous Place in the Vront of his, her, or their House prescribed. or Shop, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds, to be sued for, leviedy recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as any Penalty or Penalties in and by the said herein before recited Acts, under the na^ement of the said Commissioners of Stamps, are directed to be recovered and applied.

Licence Dutie«

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties arising from such Licences mail be paid and applied Fit to be applied at the same Manner and in such Proportions and for the same Purposes as the other Duties arising from Wine former Wine Li. Licences, under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, are directed to be paid and applied.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

[Preamble.]

Commissioners appointed to enquire into Lofler,

and to tike tht Jollowing Oath.

WHEREAS by the fifth Article of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded at Versailles, on the third Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, between your Majesty and his most Catholick Majesty the King of Spain, it was agreed that the Province of East Florida, which was, at the Time of concluding such Treaty, in your Majesty's Allegiance, should be ceded and guaranteed in full Right to his most Catholick Majesty: And whereas divers of your Majesty's faithful Subjects have suffered in their Rights and Properties in consequence of such Cession, and have sustained great Losses thereby, your faithful Commons, being desirous that a diligent and impartial Enquiry should be made into the Losses of such Persons as may apply in the Manner and within the Time herein after mentioned, and into such Circumstances as may be material to their respective Claims, do therefore pray your Majesty that it may be enacted ;* and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Colonel Nefbit Balfour, and John Spranger Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for enquiring into the respective Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the said Province^ and into such Circumstances as pay be material to their respective Claims.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners in this Act named, before they enter upon the Execution of the same, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Barons of the Exchequer (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer), in the Form following; that is to fayr

Ort,

I A.B. do swear. That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act, intituled, An Act for appoint- ing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in ct consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act/’

Comalffiooen

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and to examine Perm they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to examine, upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby Jbni »poa Oath, authorised to administer), all Persons whom the said Commissioners shall think fit to examine, touching all such Matters and livings as shall be necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, and all such Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such Time or Place as they shall appoint.

CommUBonen

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to meet at the to meet and fit, from Time to Time, at the Office of the late Secretary of State, or any other Place, with

omceofyetn or without Adjournment, and to fend their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, for any Per-JutTtoifftf* ion or Persons whatsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records, as they shall judge necef-Preccpts for At* fary for their Information in the Execution of the Powers vested in the said Commissioners by this Act* tendance 0/per- and the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to appoint and employ such Clerks, Messengers, and 4oa« appointed Officers, as they shall think meet, which Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute'

Cfarki» an«j perform tile Trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such

their Service, other than such Salary or Rewards as the said Commissioners shall think fit to direct and appoint in that Behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the said Commissioners Men*cUimt" that any Person shall have delivered to diem an Account or Claim beyond the real Loss, with a fraudulent

whi h shall ex- Intent to obtain more than, a just Compensation, the said Commissioners shall, with all convenient Dif-dade the Party patch, report such Account or Claith, with the Evidence taken thereupon, to the Commissioners of his Arem toy Com- Majesty's Treasury, who are hereby authorised to make such further Enquiry upon the Case as they what* shall

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. - C. 7$.

shall think proper; and if they, or any three of them, shall be of Opinion that such Account or Claim is fraudulent, then such Person shall be absolutely excluded from any Compensation or Provision whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath, before the said Commissioners respectively as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convi3ed, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And whereas several Proprietors of East Florida, and the Agents of several other Proprietors of the said Province, respectively intitled to the Benefit of this Act, are resident in the Bahama Islands, and

other of his Majesty's Colonies in America: And whereas it may be attended with great Inconvenience to such Persons to come to Great Britain to substantiate their respective Claims, or to give their Evidence

in Support of the Claims of other Proprietors for whom they have a3ed as Agents be it therefore enacted, That the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, for the Time being, of ^ny such Island or Colony, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to enquire into the Losses of all and every such Person or Persons, and to examine all and every such Agent or Agents as may repair to them for that Purpose upon Oath, which Oath the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, or any Member of the Council for the Time being, is hereby authorised and impowered to administer; and such Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council for the Time being, are hereby inverted with the same Powers and Authorities for enquiring into such Claims as the Commissioners appointed by this Act are inverted with, and they are hereby directed to proceed immediately on all and every such Claim or Claims, Examination or Examinations, when tendered to them, and to report from Time to Time, by the first Opportunity in their Power, their Opinion or Opinions on all and every such Claim or Claims, with the Evidence on which such Opinion or Opinions was or werfe formed, and also to report, from Time to Time, the Evidence of all and every such Agent or Agents to the Commissioners appointed by this Act, in order that all and every such Claim or Claims may be ultimately judged of and decided upon by such Commissioners, and be inserted by them amongst the Claims to be laid before the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, and his Majesty's Secretaries of State.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons upon Examination upon Oath before the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief, and Council, for the Time being, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convi3ed, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convi3ed of wilful arxf Corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Claim or Request of any Person or Persons for Aid or Relief, on Account of the Lose of any Property in consequence of such Cession, shall be received in Great Bri-tairiy after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, or in the Bahama Islands, or any other of his Majesty's Colonies in America, after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time, at their DiC-credon, or as often as they shall be thereunto required, and as soon as portible after the Determination of their Examinations and Proceedings by virtue of this Act, without any further Requisition, give an Account of their Proceedings, in Writing, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and to his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer. for the Time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue, and cause to be paid, all such Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands desire or dire3, out of any Part of the publick Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, which Sum so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act? and in such Manner and in such Proportions as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf, the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken on the parting of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Resignation, of any one or more of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons, as he may think proper, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be invested with all and the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force for two Years from the passing of this Act, and no longer.

*6 3

Persons giving false Evidence to be deemed guihy of corrupt Peiw jurj.

Governors, Ae# of the Bahama Islands, or Bri-tifti Colonies in America, to amine into the LonTes of resident Parti ei, and to report thereupon to the Commis* fiooert.

Persons giviitf false Evidence before the Governor, Ac to be deemed guilty of perjury.

No Claim to be received in Britain after Jan. vg nor in the Bahama Islands, &c. liter March

Commissionert to give an Account of their Proceed! ogt to the Treasury, and the Secrete* rfes of State. Treasury may order ioooo 1. to be iflaed for Payment of Clarks, Ac*

His Majesty to nominate Corami shone? a as Vacancies happen.

Continuance of this Act,

*6+

C. 76, 77.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

[Preamble.]

4 Geo. j.e. 71)

ton 1

iHeo. 3. c. 57.1 Itcited.

Sueb Parti there*

of, at prohibit the Exportation of Wool Card* and Spinners Cards of the Value herein specified, re* paled.

[Preamble.]

*5 Geo. j. c. 4]} and

»$Gee.S. c. 47, reeled in Part.

Ko Demands for Repayment of Duties, under t^a recited Acts,

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for repealing so much of two Acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits the Exportation of Wool Cards

of a limited Price.

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of hw present Majesty (intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation to foreign Parts of Utenjus made use of in the Cotton, Linen, Woollen, and Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom), the collecting of Tolls and Itnple- ments used in the Woollen Manufacture, with Intent to export the same, is prohibited under certain re- nalties and Forfeitures: And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,' to explain and amend the said recited Act, certain Regulations were established, and further Penalties enacted for more effectually preventing the Exportation of the before mentioned Utensils, except Wool Cards and Spinners Cards of a certain Value, which, by the said last recited Act, were permitted to be exported to the Places therein mentioned: And whereas the Exportation of such Wool Cards to the Parts mentioned in the said last recited Act, hath been very beneficial to this Country, and the same being of a Sort unfit for the combing of Wool of this Kingdom, the allowing of a general Exportation thereof to foreign Parts will be highly serviceable to a great Number of poor Families in England, employed in the Trade of making such Wool Cards ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said two recited Acts as prohibits the collecting or obtaining of Implements or Tools used in the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, for the Purpose of exporting the same to some other Part or Place than Great Britain or Ireland, shall be, and the same is, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven seven hundred and eighty-six, hereby repealed, as far as relates to Wool Cards or Stock Cards not exceeding in Value four Shillings per Pair, and Spinners Cards not exceeding in Value one Shilling and Sixpence per Pair, used in the Woollen Manufacture 5 any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof ia anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to limit a Time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise; and also on Horses, Waggons, Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment of several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties on Male Servants, and for granting new Duties on Male and Female Servants)9 it was en- acted, That all Persons who, previously to the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty- five, should have paid Duties on Male Servants, by that Act repealed, for any Part of the three Quarters of a Year for which the first Assessment on Male Servants under that Act was thereby directed to be made, or their respective Executors or Administrators, should, after paying the said first Assessment, have 4 a Right to receive back from the Commissioners of Excise, or any Officer or Officers appointed by them, out of any Money which should have been paid into, or be in their Hands, such a Proportion of the repealed Duties on Male Servants so already paid to the said Commissioners of Excise, or their Officers, as should be necessary to prevent a double Payment of the said Duties, in respect of such Male Servants, for the said three Quarters on the said first Assessment, or for any Part thereof: And whereas by another Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned, from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred), it was enacted, That all Persons who, previously to the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, should have paid the Duties on Carriages in that Act mentioned in that Behalf, for any Part of the three Quarters of a Year for which the first Assessments under that Act 4 were thereby directed to be made, should, after paying the said first Assessments, have a Righuo receive back from the Commissioners of Excise, or any Officer or Officers appointed by them, out of any Monies which should have been paid into, or be in their Hands, such a Proportion of the Duties so already paid to the said Commissioners of Excise as should be necessary to prevent a double Payment of the said Duties for the said three Quarters on the said first Assessments, or for any Part thereof: And whereas it is expedient that a limited Time should be prescribed, within which all and every Repayment, in respect to the said Duties on Male Servants, and on Carriages, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, shall be demanded :* 13e it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person having a Right, according to the Acts aforesaid, or either of them, to any Repayment in respect of the said Duties on Male Servants, or of the said Duties on Carriages, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite, shall make

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77.

Demand of such Repayment before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, from the Commissioners of Excise, if such Person demanding such Repayment had before pa id such respective Duty at the Chief Office of Excise in London, or from the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Person demanding such Repayment had before paid such respectivt Duiy; and that no Repayment shall be made to any Person or Persons, in respect of such Duties on Male Servants, or of such Duties on Carriages, heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excite, that shall not be demanded as aforesaid before the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

II. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, IVains, Carts, and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise), it was en- acted. That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there should be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Duties therein mentioned: And whereas, by another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable, it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Sep- tember one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, there should be paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Duties therein mentioned; and the said two several Duties were placed under the Ma- nagement of the Commissioners of Stamps: And whereas, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferredJ, it was enacted, That all Persons who, previously to the fifth Day of July, or tenth Day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, mould have paid the said Duties on Carriages, and on Horses, in that Act mentioned, for any Part of the three Quarters of a Year for which the first Assessments under that Act were thereby directed to be made, should, after paying the said first Assessments, have a Right to receive back from the Commissioners of Stamps, or any Officer or Officers appointed by them, out of any Mo- nies which should have been paid into, or be in their Hands, such a Proportion of the Duties so already paid to the said Commissioners of Stamps as should be necessary to prevent a double Payment of the said Duties for the said three Quarters, or Half Year, on the said first Assessments, or for any Part thereof; And whereas it is expedient that a limited Time should be prescribed, within which all and every Repay- ment, in respect to the said recited Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, shall be demanded ;* be it therefore enacted, That every Person having a Right to any Repayment, in respect of the said recited Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps, shall make Demand of such Repayment before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, from the Commissioners of Stamps, if such Person demanding such Repayment had before paid such respective Duty at the Head Office of Stamps in London, or from the Distributor of Stamps, or their Sub-distributors, in the several Counties, Districts, or Divisions, within which such Person demanding such Repayment had before paid such respective Duties, and that no Repayment shall be made thereon that shall not be demanded, as aforesaid, before the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

III. And whereas, by another Act made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Ca~ 4 pacifies therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Glass, imposed by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lieu thereof, and for the better codec ting the Duties upon Glass; and for repealing the Jtvcral Rates and Duties charged, by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon dll Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate); certain Draw- backs or Allowances, in the said Act particularly mentioned, were directed to be paid or allowed to the Persons or their Agents exporting the several and respective Species of Glass, in the said Act particularly mentioned, to foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, in the Manner, and under the Regulations in and by the said Act particularly prescribed: And whereas great Inconvenience has arisen from the Regulations prescribed in that Act, for the obtaining the Drawbacks or Allowances, in the said Act particularly mentioned, on the Exportation of such Glass to foreign Parts by way of Merchandize;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall have actually paid all his Majesty's Duties, by any Act or Acts of Parliament payable for, or in respect of, any Quantity of Glass whatsoever made from any of the Materials thereby respectively charged, and to and for any other Person or Persons who shall buy or be lawfully intitled to any such Quantity of Glass from the said Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's Duties for the same, to export from any lawful Quays, and in the lawful Hours, any such Glass, for which all the Duties shall have been paid, to any foreign Parts by way of Merchandize, upon the Terms, and according to the Directions, herein after mentioned; that is to say, the Person or Persons so intending to export any such Glass, shall give twelve Hours Notice within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twenty-four Hours Notice in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her, or, their Intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such Glass, and of the Time and Place when and where the same is intended to be packed up, to the Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall be appointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland; and such Officer or Officers shall attend to fee such Glass packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and shall be secured with such Fastenings, and sealed with such Seal or Mark, or Seals or Marks, and in such Manner, as the said respective Commissioners shall direct; and if any Person shall open - such

165

to be fansfied unlcf* i» ade to the Excise be-foie July 5, 1787.

*30so. j.c 66j and

*4 Geo. 3. C. jij and

*5 Geo. , c. 47{ rec ted in Part*

No Demand foC

Repayment of Duties under the three lift recited Actsf to be satisfied, tin* lef» made to the Snnv Office be* fore July 5, 1787.

17 Geo. j.e 39. recited in PaiU

Frrm An*. T.

1786, Glass may he exported «n the Conditions herein specified.

166

Persons ooentng Picka?M after being (<e led by the Officer, to forfeit xo 1.

If packing if n>t begin in an Hour after Notice, a fresh Notice must be given.

Notice also to be given of the Time of ship— ping,

and Security that the Glass shall not be relanded in Britain, dee.

Certificate to be given by the Officer, which if to entitle the Exporter to the Drawback.

Officer may examine Packages.

If G!aft be re-hnded, to be forfeited.

91 Geo. 3. c. 14. recited in Part.

Stamp* denoting Payment of Duties to be taken off Paper on Exportation. and Persons ob-

C. 77.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

such Package, or wilfully destroy or deface such Seal or Mark, or Seals or Marks (save and except the Officer of Excise at the Port of Exportation, as herein after mentioned), every Person so offending shall forfeit and !ofe the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and the Officer or Officers who (aw the said Glafe packed up shall take an Account of the Kind and Quantities of the said Glass so intended to be exported, and make a Return thereof to the Officer who shall be appointed by such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to receive the same at the Port of Exportation, without any Fee or Reward for so doing: Provided always, That if the Person or Persons, so intending to pack up such Glass, shall not begin and proceed to pack up the lame at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after such Time, then such Notice shall be void; and such Person or Persons, so intending to pack up such Glass, shall be obliged to give a fresh Notice to such Officer or Officers, of the Time and Place when and where such Glais is intended to be packed up in order to be exported; and the Person or Persons, so intending to export such Glass, shall also give six Hours Notice of the Time and Place of shipping such Glass, unto the Officer of Excise of the Place where the same shall be shipped, who shall attend and fee the same put on Ship-board; and the Exporter of the said Glass shall also, before the shipping the same, give sufficient Security, to be approved by the respective Commissioners of Excise, or any one or more of them, or the Person appointed by them, or the major Part of them respectively, for that Purpose, in Treble the Value of the Duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular Quantity of Glass so intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, unloaded, or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain, Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted; which Security the Officer of Excise of the Port where the said Glass shall be exported is hereby directed to take, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use; and the said Exporter shall make Oath, that he believes the Duties upon the Materials whereof such Glass is made, had been fully paid, and that such Glass is the same that is described in the Account sent as aforesaid by the Officer in whose Presence the same was packed, to the Officer attending the Shipping (which Oath the Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer appointed by the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose, is hereby authorised to administer); and the said Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer aforesaid, and the Officer who attended the shipping the said Glass, being satisfied of the Truth thereof, shall, within one Month after the Exportation of the said Glass, give to the Exporter, or his, her, or their Clerk or Manager, a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the Quantities and Kinds of such Glass so shipped, and that all the Duties have been paid in re-foeS of the same, and that Security hath been given before the shipping the same, for the due exporting the same; and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of the Port where the said Glass was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the Persons so exporting the same, or their Agent, such Draw* back or Allowance as by the said Act, made in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, is given or allowed unon the Exportation to foreign Parts, by way of Merchandize, of the several and respective Species of Glass in the said Act mentioned; and if such Col leSor shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the (kid Drawback or Allowance out of the Duties upon Materials used in the making Glass.

IV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the shipping such Glass, if be thinks it necessary, to open or examine such Glass at the Port of Exportation, inprder that he may be satisfied that such Glass is the same that is described in the Account sent to him by the Officer in whose Presence the said Glass was packed: Provided also, That if after the shipping any such Glass, and the giving such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties before paid in relpeS thereof, the lame Glass, or any Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain (Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted), that then, and in every fgch Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the said Glass which shall be lo urtshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship or Vessel within Great Britain (Shipwreck, or other unavoidable Accident, excepted), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise.

V. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for repealing the present Duties upon Paper. Pasteboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof), it was enacted, That the Officer attending to charge

the Duties upon Paper, mould (lamp or mark each and every Ream and Bundle of Paper, by affixing the re- on such Mark, Stamp, Impression, or Device, as the respective Commissioners of Excise should direS or appoint for that Purpose: And whereas by the said Act, a Drawback of the Duties, by the said Act granted, is allowed upon the Exportation of Paper to any Parts beyond the Seas by way of Merchandize: And where- as also by the said Act it is provided that if, after the shipping of any such Paper, and the giving or tendering such Security as is by the said Act required, in order to obtain the Drawback therein mentioned, the same, or any Part thereof, should be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be recovered and levied to his Majesty's Use, all the said Paper which shall be so relanded, or the Value thereof, should be forfeited: And whereas it might tend to prevent the relanding such Paper in Great Britain, if the Marks, Stamps, Impressions, or Devices, denot- ing the charging the Duties upon such Paper, were to be taken off from every Bundle or Ream of Paper intended to be exported before the same should be packed up in order to be exported ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall be lawful for the Officer of Excise, who shall attend to fee such Paper packed up in order to be exported, and he is hereby required to take off, or cause to be taken off^ or to fee taken off, all and every the Marks, Stamps, Impressions, or Devices affixed on every Ream or Bundle of such Paper intended to be packed up in order to be exported, from every Ream or Bundle of such Paper before the same is pack-

- 2. cd

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77. 167

strufling Offi-cenio taking them off, to forfeit 501.

25 Geo. 3«e. 74# recited in Part*

Chandlers having begun to spread Wicks* mud proceed till all for the Course are finished, and must begin to dip, in fire Hours after nning to

ed up in order to be exported5 and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully hinder or obstruct such Officer in the taking off* or cauhng to be taken off, any such Mark, Stamp, or Impression, or Device, or Marks,

Stam|is, impressions, or Devices, from any Ream or Bundle of Paper so intended to be packed up in order to be exported, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. And whereas by another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for re*

A ~r 'L A rr-, - - assre(i in fjjg }aj} Session of Parliament, and for granting other

offever a I Alls as relates to the Removal of Tea; for directing

, je Exportation of exciseable Commodities; and for better securing

the Duties on Canales); it was enacted, That every Chandler or Maker of Candles, before he, she, or they should begin to work upon or make any Course or Making of Candles whatsoever, should give to the On 4 ficer of the Division or Place where such Candles werejntended to be made, Notice in writing of the particular Time and Hour when he or she should intend to begin to spread Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes,

for any such Course or Making of Candles; and also the Hour and Time when he or she should intend to begin to run in or dip any such Cottons, Wicks, or Rulbes, in such Manner as is by the said Act directed:

And whereas Chandlers do sometimes, after having given such Notice as by the said Act is reauired, and after beginning to spread Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, leave off and discontinue for long Intervals of Time to spread Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, for the same Course or Making of Candles, and thereby not only harass the Officers of Excise surveying such Chandlers unnecessarily, but also get many Opportunities of making Candles privately and unknown to such Officers, and thereby of defrauding his Majesty of his iuft Duties for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, when any Chandler or Maker of Candles, after having given such Notice as by the said Act is required, shall have begun to spread Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, for any Course or Making of Candles (other than Mould Candles), such Chandler or Maker of Candles shall proceed and continue, without Delay or Interruption, to spread all the Cottons, Wicks, and Rushes respectively intended to be used in the same Course or Making of Candles, until he, she, or they shall have finifted the spreading of all such Cottons, Wicks, and Rushes respectively; and the Hour nfcMO( and Time for beginning to run in or dip such Cottons, Wicks, and Rushes respectively, whereof such brginni Notice shall be given (as by the said Act is required), shall not be more than five Hours after the be- spread* ginning to spread such Cottons, Wicks, and Rushes respectively, whereof such Notice shall be given as by the said Act is reauired; and every Chandler or Maker of Candles, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall actually begin to un in or dip such Cottons, Wicks, and Rushes within five Hours after he, she, or they shall have hegun to spread such Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, and shall continue to run in or dip such Cottons, Wicks, and Rushes respectively, after he, she, or and continue to they shall have so begun to run in or dip, without Interruption, until such Course or Making of Candles shall dip tin the be nnished; and if any Chandler or Maker of Candles, after having given such Notice as by the said Act is Course' required, and after having begun to spread Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, for any Course or Making of of’wl. for Candles (other than Mould Candles), shall nct proceed and continue, without Delay or Interruption, to Failure in eithat spread all the Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, intended to be used in that Course or Making of Candles, until he, she, or they shall have finished the spreading of all such Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, he, she, or they shall have intended to be used, or which shall be used in such Course or Making of Candles, or shall not actually begin to run in or dip such Cottons, Wicks, and Rushes respectively, within five Hours after he, she, or they mall have begun to spread Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, or shall not continue to run in or dip such Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, after he, she, or they shall have begun to run in or dip such Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, without Interruption, until such Course or Making of Candles shall be finished, every Chandler or Maker of Candles so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Notice, as is by the said Act required to be given, the Hour or Time for beginning to run in or dip any Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes,

shall be specified to be more than five Hours after the Time foecifted in such Notice for beginning to spread Cottons, Wicks, or Rushes, such Notice shall be of no Effect, blit be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the Chandler or Maker of Candles giving the same shall be subject and liable to all the same Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as he, she, or they would have been if no Notice whatsoever had been given.

VIII. And whereas many Traders, subject to the Survey of the Officers of Excise and Inland Duties respectively, are severally required, by the Laws concerning the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, to keep just and sufficient Scales and Weights at the Place or Places wherein they carry on their respective Trades, to be used in taking the Account of the Stocks of such Traders, who are by the said Laws respectively required to be aiding and assisting such Officers in taking such Account: And whereas it frequently happens that evil-disposed Persons, who are subject to such Survey as aforesaid, have frequently hindered and prevented such Officers from taking a just and true Account of such Stock, by concealing heavy or other Substances tn the Commodities belonging to and Part of such Stock so to be weigh- ed and taken account of by such Officers, or by some Art, Device, or Contrivance, have prevented and hindered the said Officers from taking such Account by the Means aforesaid, although the Scales and Weights have been in themselves just and sufficient for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority pepfon, ,sing aforesaid, That if, at any Time or Times after the first Day of Avguji one thousand seven hundred and any Art to de-eighty-six, any Trader or Traders, subject* to the Survey of any Officer or Officers of the Excise, or Inland ccire officen Duties, and who is or are required, by any Law or Laws relating to the Duties of Excise, or other Duties *" tf^|ng tht under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, to keep just Scales and W eights, shall, before or St0*,l^c# after* or in the weighing of his, her* or their Stock, 6r any Part thereof, put or suffer* or cause or procure fofeit Wh

to

case.

If Notice spe* cifies more thin five Houri after, beginning to spread, from the Commencement of Dip-p ng, to be tr« id*

[Preamble.]

168

AS 19 Geo. 3.

c. 63. Parr recited relative to

Recognizance# to b? en'e-ed into by Miller# of Ship^ dilcu-vered to have had on b. ard a larger Quantity of Tea, Sec, than is permitted 1

Such Matters to enter into a Recop nuance with one sufficient Security, for 300 I. to enter Appearance to Informations, and refuting so to do, to be imprisoned.

Person# having

in P< flftfiion British Spirits, &c. for which the Duties have not been paid, forfei. the same, and Treble the Value.

Value to be efli mated at the Price of the best Artitles of the Sort.

Proof to be a.d-- mitted of Officers being authored to aO, without producing 1 b-ir particular Appointments*

AOions for Pe* v »title# to be filed in the Mame of the

Attorney Gene*

C. 77. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786

to be put any other Substance into the Commodity or Stock so to be weighed, whereby such Officer or Officers might be hindered or prevented from taking a just and true Account of such Stock, as is directed and prescribed by the several Acts of Parliament in that Case made and provided, or shall forcibly obstruct or hinder, or shall, by any Art, Device, or Contrivance, prevent or impede such Officer, or procure or (utter him to’(^prevented or impeded in taking such just and true Account of such Stock or Commodities as aforesaid, the Party offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the pernicious Practices cj' Smuggling in this Kingdom, and jar indemnify*

ing Persons who have been gnitty of Off ences agalvft the Laws of the Onflows and Excise, upon the Terms therein mentioned), it was enacted, That in all Cases where the Officers of Customs or Excise should discover and find, on board any Ship or Vessel coming and arriving from foreign Parts, within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, more than one hundred Pounds Weight of Tea, not bein£ in the Ships belonging to or employed by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Laji Indies, or more than one hundred Gallons of foreign Brandy, or of other foreign Spirituous Liquors, over and above the Quantity of two Gallons for every Seaman then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, and being in Casks under sixty Gallons, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge of such Ship or.

Vessel, should forfeit the Sum of three hundred Pounds; and that it should and might be lawful, in facti Case, for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and for all other Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance, and they and each of them was and were thereby authorised to arrest, take, and detain the said Master, or other Person so having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and to carry and convey the Person so taken before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Ship or Vessel should then be, or where such Person should be arrested and taken, and the Person so carried and conveyed should be obliged to enter into a Recognizance, as in the said Act is directed:

And whereas it has been found by Experience, that the single Recognizance of the Pealon directed by the said Act to enter into the same is incitedual to answer the good Purposes by the said Act intended be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Augtijl one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, every Person so carried and conveyed before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, according to the Directions in the said Part recited Clause, shall be obliged to enter into a Recognizance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, before such Justice, with one other Efficient Surety, to be approved of by such Justice, in the Sum of three hundred Pounds (which Recognizance such Justice is hereby required to take), with Condition to enter an Appearance in the Courts of Exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, within the first four Days of the Term next ensuing such Arrest, to any Information which shall or may be exhibited against him; and such Justice shall and is hereby required ford)with to transmit every such Recognizance to the King’s Remembrancer in such o( the said respective Courts; and if such Person shall refuse to enter into such Recognizance as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commit such Person to the next County Gaol, there to remain until he shall enter iiUoluch Recognizance.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six aforesaid, knowingly receive, buy, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Post'ession, any British Spirits, Soap, or Candles, after the same shall be removed from the respective Places where the same were made or manufactured, and where the same ought to have been charged with the Duties payable in respect thereof, before the said Duty or Duties, to which the same shall be liable, have been charged, or before such British Spirits, Soap, or Candles, have been lawfully condemned as forfeited, the Person or Persons offending therein, whether he, she, or they have or have not,

or do or do not claim or pretend to have, any Property or Interest therein, tliall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose all such British Spirits, Soap, and Candles (o received, bought, or had in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, and 'Preble the Value thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Value of such British Spirits, Soap, and Candles respectively so forfeited shall, from Time to Time, be deemed and taken to be according to, and at the Rate and Rates, Price and Prices, as the belt Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities of the like Sorts, Kinds, and Denominations, do or shall bear and fell for in London, at the Time when such Penalty shall be incurred.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon the Trial of any IndiCbnent, Information, Action, Suit, or Prosecution whatsoever, or in any Proceedings relative thereto, any Questiott shall arise, whether any Person be an Officer of any Branch of his Majesty's Revenues, or commissioned or deputed to act as such. Proof shall and may be made and admitted, that such Person was reputed to be, or had as such exercised such Office, or acted under such Commission or Deputation, at the respective Time and Times when the Matter or Matters in Controversy upon such Trial or Trials, or other Proceedings, Hull happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to have been done or performed, without producing or proving the particular Commission, Deputation, or other Authority whereby such Officer was constituced and appointed; and that in every such Case such Proof shall be deemed and taken, by all Judges, Justices, or Commissioners, before whom any such Trial or Proceeding shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made to appear: any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter, or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Actions, Bilis, Plaints, or Informations, in any of his Majesty's

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77. 169

Courts, against any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, made or incurred by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to either of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of forae Officer or Officers of some or one of his Majesty's said Revenues; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, is or are commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in any other Person or Persons Name or Names, than is in that Behalf before mentioned, the same, and all Proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void; and the said Court or Courts, where such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, is, are, or shall be so commenced, prosecuted, entered, or tiled, shall hot permit or fuller any Proceeding or Proceedings to be had thereupon.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Prosecution shall be commenced or depending by any Officer or Officers of either of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excile, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, incurred by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to either of his Majesty's said Revenues, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty's Attorney General, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, or Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, was or were incurred without any Intention of fraud, to (top all further Proceedings, by entering a Noli profequiy or otherwise, on every such Information, as well with respcCfc to the Share of such Forfeiture, Fine, Penalty, 01 Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, to which any such Officer or Officers shall or may claim to be intitled, as to the Share thereof belonging to his Majesty j any Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas the Laws already made for the securing the Duties of Excise imposed on Rum or Spirits, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of his Majesty's British Sugar Plantations, imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said Sugar Plantations, or any of them, have been 4 (bund inefficient and ineffectual;’ for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Avgnft one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall and may be lawful for the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, or any of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times, by Day and by Night (and if in the Night-time, in the Presence of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace), upon previous Notice for that Purpose having been given to any such Importer or Proprietor, Importers or Proprietors, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House, or with his, her, or their known Agent or Servant, usually entrusted with the Key of the Lock affixed to any such Warehouse by such Importer or Proprietor, Importers or Proprietors, by the Space of one Hour, or more, to enter into all and every such Warehouses, and by tailing, gaging, or otherwise, to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all Rum, Spirits, Strong Waters, or other Liquors, as shall, at the Time of such his or their Entry, be found therein; and also to take a Sample or Samples of all such Rum, Spirits, Strong Waters, or other Liquors not exceeding Half a Pint in the Whole, out of each Cask or other Vessel containing the same, paying, if demanded, at and after the Rate of three Shillings for each and every Gallon of such Rum, Spirits, or Strong Waters, and at and after the Rate of three Shillings for each and every Gallon of such other Liquors; and in case any such Importer or Proprietor, Importers or Proprietors, or any Agent, Servant, or Workman to him, her, or them belonging, shall, after such Notice given as aforesaid, hinder or refuse the said Officer or Officers to enter into any such Warehouse or Warehouses to take such Account as aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit or suffer any such Officer or Officers to take any such Samples as aforesaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the lame as aforesaid, or shall any wife obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such Sample or Samples, such Importer or Proprietor, Importers or Proprietors, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of Aaguji one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, upon Oath made by any credible Person or Persons, that he, she, or they have Reason to suspector believe that the Proprietor or Importer, Proprietors or Importers, of such Rum or Spirits lodged and put into any Warehouse or Warehouses, under the Direction and Authority of the Statute in that Case made and provided, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, do mean and intend, without the Privity, Consent, and Knowledge of the Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, within whose Distridfc or Division such Warehouse or Warehouses shall be situated, in the Night-Time to enter or go into such Warehouse or Warehouses, wherein such Rum or Spirits are or shall be lb lodged and put, or that such Proprietor or Importer, Proprietors or Importers, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall at any Time actually be in such Warehouse or Warehouses without the Privity and Consent of such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the Commissioners of Excise, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any one or more of the Justices of the Peace in any other Part of Great Britain (which Oath they the said Commissioners, and Justices of the Peace, respectively, are hereby authorised to administer), from Time to Time to issue their respective Warrants, authorising and requiring any Officer or Officers of Excile (with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Peace Officer) to enter into such Warehouse and Warehouses, by Force or otherwise, and that every such Warrant shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly; and if such Proprietor or Importer, Proprietors or Importers, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall hinder or refuse the said Officer or Officers, or any other Person or Persons, in his Aid or Assistance, from entering such Warehouse or Warehouses, or shall hinder or obstruct the said Officer or Officers, in the due Execution of the said Warrant, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

ral, or of nn

Officer f Customs or Et« cife, or Co bt void.

Attorney Oene* ral mav e itrr a Ncli fro equi m any AtUoa for Fines.

Officers, oa Notice, may enter Ware-boufea, g»ge Rurrs, 8cc. and take Samples,

Persons ob« Aruding the Officer, to forfeit zoo I.

Warrants may be granted to Officers, forcibly to enter Warehouses, fi-sued by the Proprietors without their Knowledge.

Persons obstructing Officers to forfeit tool.

170

If an unfair Inert a fe or De* c.*;afe be found in tKc Stock of Rud,>, A.C in any Warehouse, the Proprietor ft* forfeit 5001.

[Preamble.]

Per font assault* ing Officer*, &c. or attempting to refeue prohibit* ed Goods, to be bound with two Sureties to appear to Inform* lions.

and refusing to become bound, to be imprison-Cd,

Penalties and

Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

limitation of ./Unions.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

C. 77. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A. P. 1786.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, any Officer or Officers of Excise shall discover and find in such Warehouse or WarehoustS any Increase of Rum or Spirits (other than and except such as shall arise from such Rum or Spirits as Hull have been imported and landed as aforesaid, and lodged and put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, under the Direction and Authority of the Statutes in that Case made and provided) over and above the Quantity of Rum or Spirits which the Officer found in such Warehouse or Warehouses at the Time of the lati preceding Survey upon such Warehouse or Warehouses, or shall discover and find, in such Warehouse or Warehouses, any Decrease of Rum or Spirits (other than and except such Decrease as (h ill arise from such Rum or Spirits delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, according to the Form of the Statutes in that Case made and provided, or as shall arise from Leakage or other unavoidable Accident) under and below the Quantity of Rum or Spirits which the Officer found in such Warehouse or Warehouses at the Time of the lait preceding Survey upon such Warehouse or Warehouses, such Increase or Decrease shall be deemed and taken to have been made by Means of the Proprietor or Importer, Proprietors or Importers, of such Rum or Spirits so imported and landed, and lodged and put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, under the Direction and Authority of the Statute in that Case made and provided, having by some Means, Act, Device, or Contrivance, opened such Warehouse or Warehouses, not in the Presence of the proper Warehouse-keeper, or other Officer of Excise, whose Hufiness it is to attend with the Key to open the same; and in every such Case such Importer or Proprietor, Importers or Proprietors, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, five hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And whereas Persons who have been guilty of assaulting or obstructing Officers of the Customs or Excise in the due Execution of their Offices, or of refeuing, or attempting to refeue. Goods seized by such Officers, or of Offences against the Laws respecting Quarantine, being prosecuted for the same by Indictment or Information in his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, do frequently escape Punishment by reason that such Persons have not been usually put under any Recognizance to answer such Indictment or Information, unless in Cases where some specifick pecuniary Penalty is imposed, or where the Offertce. 4 having been committed in the County of Middlesex, an Indictment for the same has been originally found in the said Court of King’s Bench;’ for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Person or Persons shall be charged with assaulting or obstructing any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, in the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or any Person or Persons ailing in his or their Aid or Assistance, or with refeuing, or attempting to refeue by Force any un-customed or prohibited Goods, after Seizure thereof by such Officer or Officers, or with any Offence against: any Law respecting Quarantine, and the same shall be made appear to any Judge of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, by Affidavit or by Certificate of an Indictment or Information being filed against such Person or Persons in the said Court for such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Judge to issue his Warrant in Writing under his Hand and Seal, and thereby to cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended and brought before him, or some other Judge of the said Court, or before some one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in order to his, her, or their being bound to the King’s Majesty's with two sufficient Sureties in such Sum as in the said Warrant shall be expressed, with Condition to appear in the said Court at the Time mentioned in such Warrant, and to answer to all and singular Indictments or Informations for any the Offences aforesaid; and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refute to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Judge, or Justice of the Peace, respectively, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County, City, or-Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, or where he, she, or they shall have been apprehended, until he, she, or they shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be difeharzed by Order of the said Court of King’s Bench in Term Time, or by one of the Judges of the said Court in Vacation; and the Recognizance or Recognizances to be taken thereupon shall be returned and filed in the said Court, and shall continue in force until such Person or Persons shall have been acquitted of such Offence, or in case of Conviction, shall have received Judgement for the lame, unless sooner ordered by the said Court to be discharged.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within one Month next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

A.D. 17 86. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78.

*7*

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for better securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain.

Preamble;

WHEREAS notwithstanding the Laws already made for securing the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, many Frauds are

frequently practised, to the great Loss of the Revenue, and to the Injury of the fair Trader, by evil-minded and indigent Persons, who are encouraged in their evil Practices by the Length of Time allowed by Law c for the Payment of those Duties, and for the Want of some further Regulations: And whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, A:i A:? for laying several 10 Anna. c. 1$;

Duties upon au Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same \ and upon chequered and rec*ted P*rtg -

Jiribed Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and Stuff 's printed, painted\ orjhiined;

and upon several Kinds of Jiamped Vellum, Parchment, and Pat>er; and upon certain printed Papers, Pam- pblets, and Advertisements \ for raising the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lett cry, to- wards her Majestfs Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs j and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majejifs Duties to arise in the Office for tie Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and other wise; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lojl Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing Money

upon Stock, Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company, for the Use of the Publick j it was, among other Things, enabled. That, from and after the four-and-twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the Duties upon Paper, all and every Person and Persons who should print, paint, or stain any Paper in Great Britain should, once in every six Weeks, make a true Fntry in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties upon Paper, of all the Paper by him, her, or them ieve- rally made fit for Use within such six Weeks respectively; and that all and every Person and Persons who should print, painty or stain any Paper in Great Britain, should from Time to Time, within six Weeks after he, she, or they should make, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and dear off all the said Duties for all such Paper as should by them respectively be printed, painted, or stained, so as to be fit for Use or Sale: And whereas the allowing so long a Time for the making the Entries, and for the pay- ing the Duties as aforesaid, hath been found prejudicial to the Revenue for Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, and from Sej.t ij from and iter the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, so much of the said *786, so much Act as requires any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, to make such Entries, once in every six Weeks,

of all Paper by him, her, or them printed, painted, or stained, within such six Weeks, or to pay and clear mYkin^Enuica* off all Duties for the same within six Weeks after he, she, or they should make, or ought to have made, once in Six such Entries as aforesaid, shall be repealed, save only and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Weeks of all Pa-Arrears, which may at that Time remain unpaid of the said Duties, or to any Penalty or Forfeiture which Per shall have been incurred upon, or at any Time before the said first Day of September one thousand seven to bc rePCi1* hundred and eighty-six.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of Sep- From Sept.

temher one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all and every Person and Persons who shall print, paint, 1786, Eoinea t* or stain any Paper in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, shall, once in every Fortnight, £*0*711

make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties, of all the Paper by him, her, or them papc/f»ained, printed, painted, or stained, within such Fortnight respectively, which Entries shall contain the just Kinds &c. on Penalty and Quantities thereof respectively, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect of such Entry, the Sum of fifty 01501.

Pounds; which Entries shall be made upon Oath (or, in case of a Quaker, upon solemn Affirmation) of the Printer, Painter, or Stainer of such Paper, or of his, her, or their chief Workman or Servant employed in the printing, painting, or staining such Paper, according to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge or Belief; which Oaths or Affirmations shall and may be administered by the proper Collector, Supervisor, or Surveyor of the said Duties of the District or Division within which such Primer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper doth inhabit, without any Fee or Charge for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall print, paint, or stain DutJcJt0 !> paid

any Paper in Great Britain, shall, from Time to Time, within a Fortnight after he, she, or they shall have within a Fort, made, or ought to have made, such Entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the Duties for all such Paper as night after such shall by them respectively be printed, painted, or stained, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Default therein, Entries made, double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so neglected and that no such Person, after f"r£f"a*7iou such Default in Payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out any such printed, painted, or stained Paper, b!e theauties*, until be or she hath paid and cleared off his or her Duty as aforesaid, upon Pain to forfeit double the Value if Goods are of the Goods so fold, delivered, or carried out. delivered before

the Duties are paid, double iheir Value to be forfeited.

IV. And whereas divers Printers, Painters, or Stainers of Paper, have large Quantities of Paper now The Dutiesoo in their Possession, which has been taken Account of, but is not charged with the Duties; and as it may Stock at Sept, 1*

be very inconvenient for such Printers, Painters, or Stainers of Paper, so pay all such Duties within a 1786, to be paid 4 I ortnight after this Ai\ takes place be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Printer, Painter, for.ln 6 Months, or Stainer of Paper, for Hangings or other Uses, who, on the first Day of September one thousand seven £ny°Paru hundred and eighty-six, shall have any Paper in his Polidiion which has been taken Account of, and which thereof are is not already charged with the Duties, shall produce the same to the Officer appointed to take an Account fini&ed.

Z of.

?72

Act t Geo. i, c. 36. recited in Part*

From Sept, 1, 1786,if Paper be begun to be Aained, &c. before measured and marked, to be forfeited, and 20l. Penalty incurred for every Piece,

Paper for which the Dutiei shall hare been charged before Sept, t, 1786, maybe rtacnpt before J»n. i, 1787 5

ani after Jin. 1, 1787* every finale Sheet found in the Pofcflion of a Dealer to be deemed to hare been staine l after Sept 1, 1786, and feisable if not stampt.

After Jan. f, 1787, no Drawbacks be allowed oa Paper stained before Sept. 1, 17^6, onless duly JUttpt.

C. 78.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

of, and charge the Duties thereon, and the same shall be measured, marked, and charged with the Duties; md the said Printer, Painter, or Stainer, shall pay the Duties for the same within (ix Months after the said Charge shall be so made; or if the said Paper, or any Part thereof, shall be finiftied in less Time, then such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, shall pay the Duties for the said Paper, or any Part thereof, within one Fortnight after the same shall be so finished respectively.

‘ And whereas by a certain other Act of Parliament, passed in the first Year of the Reign of King 1 Georg E the First, intituled, An Act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder^and Perry,

1 for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for compelling several Receivers tb 1 finish and clear their Accounts \ and for making Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Order?,

lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to certain Benefit Tickets $ and for allowing the Charge of executing the Lottery Act for the Ser vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for recovering Monies of several Land Taxes, r fling in the Hands of Collectors or Conjlabks at Saint Albans; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Sope-> and for limiting a Time for Persons who have certain Annuities for Life or Lives, to demand the Payments thereupon at the Exchequer; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed and painted Paper, Callicoes, and other Things therein mentioned; it was, among other Things, enacted, That before any Paper should be printed, painted, or stained, the Officers for the Duties thereon should be permitted to take Accounts of the Quantities and Dimensions of all Paper for Printing, Painting, or Staining, which, at any Time or Times, should be in the Custody or Possession of any such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, and upon taking such Account thereof,

should mark or (lamp every Sheet and Piece thereof with a Stamp or Seal, provided as by the said Act is directed: And whereas the stamping every Sheet of Paper, in Cases where many Sheets of Paper are afterwards joined together in one Piece, in order to be printed, painted, ordained, is found inefficient to secure the Duties on such Paper, and it is necessary that some further additional Mark or Stamp should be put on every such Piece of Paper, or Sheet of Paper, where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, before he, she, or they shall print, paint, or (lain any Piece of Paper, Or any Sheet of Paper, where a single Sheet of Paper shall be printed, painted, or stained, shall produce and shew such Piece of Paper, or such Sheet of Paper, to the proper Officer for the said Duties, and such Officer shall take an Account thereof; and in case such Officer finds that every Sheet thereof is marked or stamped as by the aforesaid Act is required, he shall measure the same, and mark such Piece of Paper, or such Sheet of Paper, where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, at both Ends thereof, with a Frame Mark, denoting the Measure thereof, and with such other Number or Mark as the Commissioners for the said Duties shall direct; and in case any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, shall begin to print, paint, or (lain any Piece of Paper, or any Sheet of Paper, where a single Sheet of Paper shall be printed, painted, or stained, before the same shall have been measured and marked at both Ends thereof by the Officer for the said Duties, as by this Act is directed, every such Piece or Sheet of Paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer for the said Duties, and the Printer, Painter, or Stainer, in whose Possession the same shall be found, shall also forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Piece of Paper or Sheet of Paper so printed, painted, or stained, without having been measured and marked as aforesaid.

VI. And, to the End that Paper printed, painted, or stained, and already charged with the Duties thereon, may not be improperly seized,* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or any Dealer in printed, painted, or stained Paper, may give two Days Notice to the proper Officer for the said Duties, that he desires to have such printed, painted, or stained rapier, which has been already charged with the said Duties before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, to be marked and stamped according to the Directions of this Act; and such Officer, having received such Notice as aforesaid, shall attend, and in case he shall find that every Sheet of such Paper is marked or stamped as by the said former Acts is required, he shall (lamp or seal every Piece of such Paper so already charged with the said Duties, and every Sheet, where a single Sheet is printed, painted, or stained, at both Ends thereof, with such Stamp or Seal as is by this Act directed to be used, to denote that the Duties have been charged thereupon, or with such other Stamp or Seal as the Commissioners for the said Duties shall direct to be used; and from and after the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, every Piece of Paper printed, painted, or stained, and every Sheet of such Paper, where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, that shall be found in the Possession of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of any Paper, or of any Dealer therein, shall be deemed to have been printed, painted, or stained, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and in case the same shall not be stamped and sealed at both Ends thereof, as by this Act is directed, the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of the Excise or for the said Duties.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, no Person shall be intitled to any Drawback of the Duties upon Paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, upon the Exportation of any such Paper printed, painted, or stained, before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-ux, that shall not have such Stamp or Seal at both Ends thereof, as is herein-beforelailly directed, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas Printers, Painters, or Stainers of Paper may frequently have Occasion to cut Pieces c of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, into Remnants or Parts for Samples or for other Purposes/ be it enacted

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78.

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper shall be desirous of cutting any Piece or Pieces of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, into Remnants or Parts, such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, shall give six Hours Notice to the proper Officer for the said Duties, and such Officer shall attend and fee the Frame Marks and Stamps put, as herein before directed, at both Ends of every such Piece of Paper, cut off every such Piece or Pieces of Paper; and after having seen such Piece or Pieces of Paper cut into Remnants or Parts, shall stamp or mark every such Remnant or Part, at each End thereof, with such Stamps or Marks as the Commissioners for the said Duties shall from Time to Time direct, which Sumps or Marks the Commissioners for the said Duties are hereby authorised to provide for that Purpose.

IX. And whereas divers Printers, Painters, or Stainers of Paper do frequently obtain long Delays of charging the Duties upon Paper by them printed, painted, or stained, upon Pretence that they intend to add some other Colour or some other Figure to the same, and that the same is not finished, which Delays * are detrimental to the Revenue;* for Remedy thereof, be it enacted byjthe Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, as soon as any Paper shall be printed, painted, or stained with any Colour, or with any Figure, the Officer for the said Duties shall take an Account of the same, and shall charge the Duties for the same, and shall stamp or seal every Piece of such Paper, or every Sheet, where any single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, at both Ends of every such Piece or Sheet, with a Stamp or Seal, to denote that the Duties have been charged thereon; and if any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any Piece or Sheet of printed, painted, or stained Paper, before the same shall have been taken Account of, and damped or sealed at both Ends thereof by the Officer, to denote the charging the said Duties, every such Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, and all such printed, painted, or stained Paper, so removed without being stamped or sealed by the Officer, to denote the charging the said Duties, and being found in the Possession of any Dealer in printed, painted, or stained Paper, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer for the said Duties.

X. And for the better Prevention of Frauds, be it further enacted, That in case any Officer or Officers for the said Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, shall miss any Quantity or Quantities of such Paper whereof he had taken an Account, and marked the same with a h rame Mark, and shall not, upon reasonable Demand, receive Satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper with the Duties of such Paper Co missing, as if the same were actually printed, painted, or stained.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Printer, Painter, or Stainer of any such Paper as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, keep all the Paper by him, her, or them respectively printed, painted, or stained, and which shall not have been stamped and charged by the proper Officer for the said Duties, separate and apart from all other printed, painted, or stained Paper which mall have been stamped and charged by such Officer, on Pain to forfeit, for every Offence therein, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any printed, painted, or stained Paper, or any Paper marked for printing, painting, or staining, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties thereon, then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said Duties shall, on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-iix, provide proper Frames, and such other Numbers or Marks as they shall think fit, to denote the Measure of all Pieces or Sheets of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, and proper Stamps or Seals to denote the charging the Duties thereon; and shall cause the said respective Frames, Numbers, and Marks, and the said Stamps and Seals, to be distributed to the respective Officers for the several Purposes before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required in using the same to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Damage that may be, to the Paper to be so marked or stamped; and the said Frames, Numbers, and Marks, and the said Stamps or Seals, to be provided in pursuance of this Act, and also the said Marks or Stamps provided in pursuance of the said former Act, may be altered or renewed, from Time to Time, as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think fit; and if any Person whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Frame. Number, or Mark, used by the Officers for the said Duties in marking such Paper, or shall counterfeit or forge the Impression of the same, upon any Paper to be printed, painted, or stained, every Person fb offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if any Person whatsoever shall at any Time counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal, to resemble any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, to denote the charging the Duties on Paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, upon any Paj>er printed, painted, or stained, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of the Duties on such Paper printed> painted, or stained, then every Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cales of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and in case any Person shall at any Time fell any such printed, painted, or stained Paper, with a counterfeit Stamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, shall

173

Piece* cot for Samples must be marked by the Officer 00 every Sample.

Duties to be charged. Sec at soon as Paper it stained,

and 501. Penalty

to be incurred for every Piece of Paper removed before ft<«mpt, with Forfeiture of the Paper.

Officersto charge the Duties for Paper missing*

Papernotcharged with the Duties to be kept separate. on Penalty of 501.

Person* fraudulently concealing Paper to forfeit ico I.

Commissionrra to provide'propef Maikr, &c.;

and the ©ffieeri in using them to do the least possible Damage to the Paper.

Penalty on forging Mark.*, &c.

Persons obliterating Marks, te forfeit 501-

174, C. 78. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced, the Frame Mark, Number, or Mark put by the Officer on any Piece or Sheet of Paper, to denote the Measure thereof, every such Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Piece Y of Paper, or Sheet of Paper, on which the Frame Mark, Number, or Mark put by the Officer, shall be so

wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

Persons affixing

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time after the said first Day *-ja'ks aI,tady of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper shall, by coh indThc P*. any Means or Contrivance, with Intent to defraud his Majesty of his just Duties, affix upon any Piece of pc,/ Paper, or Sheet of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, any Frame Mark, or any Stamp or Seal which shall have been before affixed on any other Piece of Paper, or Sheet of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, then, and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, and also every Piece or Sheet of such Paper, whereupon such Frame Mark, Stamp, or Seal,

1 shall be so fraudulently affixed.

y<rfons kerp'ng

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper m any Paper, shall keep any Paper, printed, painted, ordained, or to be printed, painted, or stained, marked Notice haTnot a Frame Mark denoting the Measure thereof, or with a Stamp or Seal denoting the charging the Du-

been given to the ties thereon, or unmarked with either such Frame Mark, or such Stamp, in’any Warehouse, Room, or Officer, io for- Place, whereof no Notice shall have been given to the Officer for the said Duties on Paper printed, painted* frit 501. and the or stained; and if any such Paper printed, painted, or stained, or to be printed, painted, or stained, whether marked with a Frame Mark or unmarked, or stamped or unstamped, shall be found in the Possession of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, in any Warehouse, Room, or Place, whereof no Notice shall have been given to the Officer for the said Duties, then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Ostence, and all such Paper so found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer for the said Duties.

Warrantsmaybe

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Times, upon Oath granted to search m3cle by any credible Person or Persons, that he, she, or they have Reason to suspect or believe, that any *ea^dPnot to be ^aPer Panted, painted, or stained in Great Britain, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven dui/stamped, hundred and eighty-six, for which a Duty ought to have been paid or charged, or which ought to have been

%*Hich may be stamped, as by this Act is directed, is or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Printer, Painter, or

feiaed, Stainer of Paper, or other Person trading or dealing the rein, or of any Person or Persons, for the Use or Account of such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, or other Trader or Dealer in printed, painted, or stained Paper for Sale, without having thereupon such Stamps or Seals as are by this Act required to denote-the charging the Duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the said Duties in England or Scotland respectively, or any two of them, within their respective Limits, or for any one Justice of the Peace in any other Parts of Great Britain, from Time to Time, to issue their respective Warrants or Orders, thereby authorising and requiring any Officer or Officers for the said Duties, with the Assistance of a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, in the Day Time, to search for the same, and to open Doors, Cherts, Trunks, and Packages, and to seize such Paper, printed, painted, or stained, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and not having such Stamps or Seals thereon as are by this Act required, and to bring the same to the Excise Office next to the Place where the same shall be seizea, and that every such Warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such Paper, printed, painted, or stained, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, (0 found undamped, in the Possession of such Printer, Painter, or Staiiier, or other Trader or Dealer, for Sale, or in the Poflef-W nofcemnant fion of any other Person for the Use of such Printer, Painter, or Stainer, Trader or Dealer, for Sale, shall be t>‘cc*°n^s forfeited: Provided always, That no Remnant of any Piece of such printed, painted, or stained Paper, be-Fwme Mark\0 ^ian shall be expressed by the Frame A4ark thereon, being found in the Possession of such

be forfeited, for Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein, having such Stamp or Seal, as by this Act not having is required, at one End thereof, shall be forfeited, by reason of not having such Stamps or Seals at both

Stamps at both Ends thereof; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the aforesaid Officers from

rw* krt a entering any such Place or Places for the Purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any Paper, by this ing officers, Ac"! Act declared to be forfeited, every Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty forfeit 501/ Pounds.

XVIII. And, for the better preventing of Frauds, by the lengthening or sydding to any Piece, or Rem nant of a Piece, of such printed, painted, or stained Paper, alter such Piece of Paper shall have been

stamped or sealed at both Ends thereof, as by this Act is required;’ be it further enacted by the Authority

Paper no* h*ving aforesaid, That if, at any Time after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty- the FrameMark, fix, any Piece, or Remnant of a Piece of Paper, printed, painted, or stained, after the said first Day of Sep-at one£nd*on 1* tem^cr one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, not having such Frame Mark and Stamp thereon as is by &c!to be'forfciu this Act required, or having such Frame Mark and Stamp at one End thereof only, and being of as grear or cd, and also 501, greater Length than shall be expressed by such Frame Mark, or having such Frame Mark and Stamp at both Ends thereof, and being of greater Length than shall be expressed by such Frame Mark by the Length of Half a Yard, or more, shall be found in the Possession of any Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein, every such Piece of Paper or Remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer for the said Duties, and the Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, or Trader or Dealer therein, in whole Possession the same shall be found, shall ako forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIX. And, in order more effectually to prevent any Frauds by shipping for Exportation to foreign Parts, any such printed* painted, or stained Paper, and obtaining a Drawback of the Duties payable for the same, and afterwards relanding and felling the same for Home Consumption,’ be it further enacted by

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78, 79.

the Authority aforesaid, That froiji and after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, whenever any Person shall be desirous of packing up, in order to be exported to foreign Parts, by way of Merchandize, any Paper printed, painted, or stained, before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, and not having such Stamps or Seals denoting the charging the said Duties, and such Frame Marks denoting the Measure thereof, at both Ends of every Piece of such Paper, or of every Sheet of such Paper, where any single Sheet is printed, painted, or stained, as are by this Act required, such Person, or his Clerk Qr Manager, shall make Oath (or being a Quaker, Affirmation) before the Surveyor or Supervisor, or other Officer of Excise, appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that all and every such Piece and Pieces, or Sheet or Sheets of Paper were printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and such Officer or Officers shall not permit to be packed up in order to be exported, any Piece of Paper, or any Sheet of Paper, printed, painted, or stained m Great Britain, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, not having the Stamps or Seals dirv&ed by this Act denoting the charging the said Duties, and also the Frame Marks denoting the Measure thereof, distiniS and plain at both Ends of every such Piece of Paper, or Sheet of Paper, where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained; and the Officer or Officers who shall attend to fee such Paper, so printed, painted, or stained, after the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, packed up, shall take care to measure the said Paper, and to see that the Stamps or Seals directed by this Act denoting the charging of the Duties thereupon, and also the Frame Marks denoting the Measure thereof, are cut off from both Ends of every Piece of such Paper, or every Sheet of such Paper, where a single Sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, before the same are packed up.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be lued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action ox Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall belaid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the m Commissioners of Excise, and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; and for making certain Provisions respecting Oaths to be administered by the Commissioners for the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under their Management.

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding, and on Horses used in drawing certain Carriages, in nfpeft whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable; and also, another Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties therein mentioned from the Commissioners of Excise,

and the Commissioners of Stamps, respectively, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred; it is by the said first recited Act enacted, That every Person who shall keep or use any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, for the Purpose of Rid- ing, shall yield and pay annually, for every such Horle, Mare, or Gelding, the Sum of ten Shillings: And whereas it is reasonable that Persons in Circumstances herein after described shall not be charged with the said Duty by the said first recited Act imposed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Person or Persons who shall keep any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, which shall be used truly, and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Husbandry, or of drawing any

a Carriage

175

If Paper stained

before Sept. I,

1786,11 exported Oath to be madff of the Fact.

No Paper stained after Sept, f, 1786, to be permitted to be packed for Ex-porution, unlefe iegaliy marked. See.

Officer to measure Paper exported, and cut off the Marks. &c.

How Fine! are to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of

Adiiofii.

General Issue«

Treble CoUfa

[Preamble.]

Act 24 Geo. 3. c. 31.; and

Act 25 Geo. 3. c. 47. recited.

From April 5, 1786, no Horftf kept for Husbandry, or hr Carriage of Bur*

t76 C. 79. Anno vicesimo sexto G-sorgii III. A.D. 1786.

dent in the Cmirfs of the Trade of the Proprietor, to be char^ej le with the Doty imposed by the first recited Act, if only rode in Cases herein specified.

No Tax to be levied for Horsea kept by Fe.i‘« na exempted from the Poor’s Raid.

Claofe of last recited Act, exempting Or r u-piera of Farm of not more than 250 1. per Ann. from Tax for Horsea rode to Market or Church only, repealed.

Person* occupying Farms of ltf« than 70 1. per Ann. not chargeable with Duty for Horses used in Husbandry, and only rod*

tfona legally qualified, who shall act aa Commissionera for the Dutiea on Housea, Sec, before Oct. i, 1786, indemnified from Penalties for nor having taken the Oaiha required.

Carriage (except such as was heretofore liable to any Excise Duty), or carrying Burdens in the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare, or Gelding shall belong, shall, in respect thereof, be chargeable with the Duty by the said herein before first recited Act imposed, or be construed to be within the Intent and Meaning of the said first recited Act, in case such Horse, Mare, or Gelairg, shall not be used for any other Purpose of Riding, save and except in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say. When returning from any Place to which any Load or But then shall have, by such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or on account of such Horse, Mare, or Gelding having been used for the Purpose of riding to procure medical Assistance, or for the Purpose of Riding to or from Market, or to or from any PHce of Publick Worship, or to or from any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Justice,.or to or from any Meeting of the Commissioners of Taxes; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be imposed, afiefled, or levied, by virtue of the said first recited Act, for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, whereof the Owner or Owners, by reason of his, her, or their Poverty, is, are, or shall be exempted from the actual Payment of the usual Taxe9, Assessments, and Contributions, raised, levied, and paid towards the Church and Poor,

III. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, 'I'hat the Assessments made under the Authority of that Act should be made for all Horses whatso- ever which shall, on any Occasion whatsoever, be used for the Purpose of Riding, or in drawing any Carriage (then subject to any Excise Duty); and it is provided. That upon any Appeal, where Proof should be made upon Oath that such Horse, for which any Person, occupying a Farm not worth more than onehun- dredand fifty Pounds per Annum, should have been so afleiled, had been only used for the Purpose of riding to or from Market, or Church, or other Place of Publick Worstiip, and to no other Place, or for no other Purpose of Riding, it might be lawful for the Commissioners to make an Abatement of the whole Duty from the Charge against the Person to whom such Horse shall belong;* be it therefore further enacted, That the said recited Clause and Proviso shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person occupying a Farm, the Rent or Value of which shall be less than seventy Pounds a Year and making a Livelihood solely thereby, shall be chargeable with the Duty by the said before recited Act imposed for or on account of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, being occasionally used in Rising; provided such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, be bona fide kept and usually employed for the Purposes of Husbandry j any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

occasionally.

V. And whereas several Persons may have, unintentionally, omitted to take, indue Form and Manner, the several Oaths required by the several Acts of Parliament relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under the Management of the Commissioners for the said Du- ties on Houses, and Windows or Lights: And whereas in some of the said Acts there is no express Provi- fion made for the administerine the Oaths thereby required ;* be it therefore further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons lawfully qualified to act as Commissioner or Commissioners for the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, who have already acted, or, on or before the first Day of Qttober one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall act in the Execution of any Act or Acts of Parliament, relative to the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties now placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the said Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, although such Person or Persons may not have taken the several Oaths so required to be taken by such Person or Persons, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby indemnified from any Penalty or Penalties incurred by reason of such omissions; and all Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners which have been, or shall have been on or before the said first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, had or done pursuant in all other Respects to the said Acts respectively, shall be, and are hereby declared to be valid and eftedhial to all Intents and Purposes.

---

[Two Commissioners may administer Oaths.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Oath or Oaths, required by the said Acts relative to the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any of them, or which may be requisite or necessary for carrying the said Acts, or any of them, into Execution, shall and may be administered by any two or more of the Commissioners within each County, City, or Place respectively, and they are hereby authorised to administer the same.

[Two Commissioners may administer the Oaths to other Commissioners, though they should not have taken them.]

VII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the Commissioners for the Duties on Houses, and Windows or Lights, or any other Duties put under their Management, to administer to any other Commissioner for the said Duties, for the same County, City, or Place, the Oaths required to be taken by such Commissioners, although the said Commissioners administering the same have not themselves previously taken the said Oaths.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 80, 81. 177

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for further continuing certain Acts therein mentioned, relating to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

---

[

intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Custonn or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against these Laws, upon the terms therein mentioned;

and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures), which was to continue in force for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several c Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his Lid late Majesty, and the fourth,

eleventh, and eighteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as to so much thereof as relates to Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs and Eixcise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, was continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient further to continue the samed bo it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs and Excise; and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in informations upon Seizures, and all and every the Methods, Orders, Directions, Rules, Proclamations, Penalties, Punishments, Rewards, Matters, and Things, provided, settled, ordered, directed, imposed, given, and required, by the said Act of the nineteenth of his said late Majesty, relative to the Surrender, proclaiming, apprehending, harbouring, and punishing such Offenders, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas it is expedient also to continue the Law herein after mentioned,* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the ninth and sixteenth Years of his said Majesty *s Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the thirty-first Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-onc; and which by an Act, made in the twelfdi Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was amended, andiurther continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and firoiti thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is of the utmost Importance to the Preservation and Increase of the Wealth, Commerce, and naval Strength of this your Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, that the Fisheries of your said Kingdom should receive every reasonable Encouragement which they may from Time to Time be found to require, and winch it is in the Power of Parliament to bestow: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Space and Term of seven Years thence next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, a Bounty of twenty Shillings per "I on shall be paid annually, in the Manner herein after prescribed, to the Owner or Owners of every decked Vessel, of not less than fifteen Tons Burthen, manned and navigated according to Law, which shall be fitted out for, and employed in thz British White Herring Fifticry, in the Manner and under the Regulations herein after directed and provided.

19 Geo. 2. c. 34. rrc'ted; and so much thereof as rrlaes to Persona going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the La ws of Customs and Excise, and to the Relief of Officer* in Informations, to be continued till Sept. 29,178s.

5 Geo. 2. c. 30. continued till Sept. 29.1788.

An annual Bounty of 20 per Ton granted for 7 Yearr, to 1 Owners of Ships of 15 Ton* and upw.rdt, employed in the White Herring Frihery,

i^8 C. 8x.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Paricihrs required to intitle Vessel* to ibe Bounty*

No Vessel to be intitled to the Bounty, unless it proceed^ on the Fishery directly from the Port to which it belongs, &c.

, Officers of the Customs to examine Vessels, and certify Particulars to the Commissioner*.

Oath to be made

of the Vessel’* being to proceed immediately on the Fishery*

And Security

given for the faithful Condu A of the Crew,

which is to in-title them to Licences for the Voyage,

Officer* of the Customs, on the Keturnot a 'hip, to cer.ify her Condition,

and Oath to be made that (he has answered to the Terms testified j

II. And be it further enacted, That every Buss or Vessel, in order to be deemed properly fitted out for and duly employed in the said Fishery, so as to intitle the Owner or Owners thereof to the said Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton hereby granted, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, Ou l he a decked Buss or Vessel built in Great Britain, after the nr it Day of January one noufand seven hundred and eighty, and shall have on board (barrelled up in new Barrels) twelve Bushels of Salt for every Last of Fifn which such Buss or Vessel is capable of containing, and as many more new Barrels as such Buss or Vessel is capable of carrying, and also two hundred and fifty square Yards of Netting for each Ton of Buss Meul'urement, together with the customary Quantity of other Materials for the Equipment and Mounting of the said two hundred and fifty Yards of Netting in the Fishery Business, but with Liberty to make ulb of such Nets therein as shall be found best adapted to the said F finery; and shall have on board not lei’s than five Men for the first filteen Tons, and one additional Man for every five Tc ns by which such Buss or Vefibl shall exceed fifteen Tons, and to stored, accoutred, furniihcJ, and manned, shall clear out of some Port in Great Britain, at some Time between the first Day of June and the first Day of October in one and the same Year and shall proceed immediately upon the said Fishery, and shall tiierc* begin and continue to fish, in an orderly, regular Manner, without impelling or obstructing any otaer Vessel which ihrdl he employed in the said Fishery, for the Space of three Months at the lead, to be computed from the Day upon which the Mailer and Crew of such Buis or Vessel shall first shoot or wet their Nets, unless such Buss or Vessel shall, within that Space of Time, return into Port with a full Cargo of Fish taken wholly by the Master and Crew of such Buss or Veil’d.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be intitled or allowed to receive the Bounty hereinbefore granted, for any Buss or Vessel which shall not proceed directly upon the said Fishery from that Part of the United Kingdom to which such Buss or Vessel shall belong, and where the Owner or Owners, or any one or more of the Owners of such Buss or Vessel shall re fide \ and that the Master and Owner or Owners of such Buss or Vessel shall take out a Licence to proceed on her intended Voyage, from the Collector or Comptroller of the Port where such Buss or Vessel was bona fiJe manned, victualled, furnished, accoutred, and fitted out for her then intended Voyage; any Thing in this Act, or’ any Law, Custom, or Ullage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided all'o, and be it further enacted, That before any such Buss or Vesselshall proceed on such Voyage, or be intitled to the Benefit of this Act, such Buss or Vessel shall be visited by such Officer or Officers of the Customs belonging to the Port where such Buss or Vessel shall be cleared outwards, as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs for that Purpose; which Officer or Officers (hill examine such Buss or Vessel and take an Account of the Tonnage thereof by Admeasurement, and shall certify to the said Commissioners such his or their Visitation, Examination, and Admeasurement, and that such Bute or Vessel hath on board (as the Fact may be) such a Quantity of fiftfing Nets, and other Stores to be used in the Lid Fishery, as herein before mentioned, and is otherwise a proper Vessel to be employed in the said Fishery; *nd thereupon, in case the Owner or Owners, or one or more of the Owners, or his or their respective Agent or Agents, and also the Master or chief Officer of such Ship or Vessel, shall make Oath, in Writing, before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port (who is hereby impowered and required to take and administer the same), to be subscribed to the said Certificate, that it is really and truly their firm Purpose and determined Resolution, that such Buss or Vessel, as then manned, furnished, and accoutred, shall proceed immediately upon the British White Herring Fishery, there to continue fishing, in an orderly, regular Manner for the Space of three Calendar Months at the least (unless such Buss or Vessel shall sooner obtain a full Lading of Fish), without impeding or obstructing any other Vessel which shall be employed in the said Fishery; and if, after such Certificate had, and Oath made, such Owner or Owners, or some or one of such Owners, or his or their respective Agent or Agents, and also the Mailer or chief Officer of such Buss or Vessel, shall also become bound, with twosufficient Sureties, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of such Sum as shall be equal to treble the Bounty on the Tonnage of such Buss or Vessel intended by this Act (which Bond the Collector, with the Approbation of the Comptroller, is hereby required to accept, iwd is to be in force for the Space of three Years against the Parties thereby becoming bound for the faithful Dealing of the said Master and his Crew, in regard to the said Buss or Veil'd, and Voyage), then, and in such Cule, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector and Comptroller of Inch Port to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant, to the Owner or Owners and Master of such Buss or Vessel, full Licence and Authority to proceed on such Voyp.ge as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That on the Return of any such Buss or Vessel into any Port of Great Britain for the Discharge of such Buss or Vessel, the chief Officer of the Customs, or such other Officer of the Customs as he shall appoint at such Port, shall immediately repair on board of inch Buss or Vessel, and view the Condition thereof, and of its Lading, and certify the same, together with his Observations thereon and also the real Tonnage of such Buis or Vessel, and the Names of the Master and other Persons on board; and the Master or chief Officer of such Buss or Vessel shall also make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port (who is hereby impowered and required to administer the same), to be written on the Back of, or annexed to, the Licence granted as aforesaid (which the said Master is hereby required to deliver up), that such Buss or Vessel did, without Delay, proceed from the Port in such Licence mentioned, upon its last Clearance from thence outwards, to or upon the Brittjl) White Herring Fishery, and did there remain and continue employed in fishing for Herrings or other Fish, according to Law, from the Day of to the Day of (expressing the respective Days of

beginning and ceasing to fish); and that, during all that Time, the Quantity of Nets and other Stores, and Number of Men, by Law required, were on board of the said Buss or Vessel, or employed in the lawful, Prosecution of the Lid Fishery \ and that the said Buss or Vessel hath not, since its said last Clearance outwards

v

A.D. 17S6. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8f; 179

wards from the said Port, been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit than that of taking Fith, and salting or curing the same, or salting or curing other fresh Kifli, lawfully purchased at Sea; and that all the Fish brought into Port by the said Buss or Vessel were taken by the Crew belonging thereto, or (in case of such Buss or Vessel not returning till after the Expiration of three Months) were

purchased of British Subjects; which Certificate, Licence, and Oath, together with an Account of the Fish taken by the Laid Buss or Vessel, shall be transmitted by the said Collector or Comptroller, in case the said Buss or Vessel departed with such Licence from any Port within that Part of Great Britain called England, to the Commissioners of the Customs for England; and in case such Buss or Vessel departed with such Licence from any Port within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise for Scotland; and such Commissioners respectively, being fully satisfied of the faithful Dealing of the Mailer, and other Persons employed or concerned in such Buss or Vessel, with respect to such Voyage and Fishing, shall, on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the Owner or Owners, or to his of their Assigns, by the Receiver-general of the Customs or Excise, as the Case shall happen, the Sum of twenty Shillings per Ton, according to the Admeasurement of such Buss or Veil'd, duly certified as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of any Buss or Vessel which shall return into Port from the said Fishery with a less Number of Men than such Buss or Vessel is hereby required to have on board, as aforesaid, unless it shall be made appear that the said Reduction was occasioned by Death, Sickness, or Desertion, without any Default, Fraud, or Collusion, on the Part of such Owner or Owners, or which shall so return within the said Space of three Calendar Months, to be computed as aforesaid, without a full Cargo of Herrings, or, having such a full Cargo, unless the Whole thereof were actually caught and taken by the Master and Crew belonging to such Buss or Vessel, shall not be in titled to any Bounty on the Tonnage of any such Buss or Vessel respectively; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Aw/aWrespectively, to order the said Bounty to be paid by the Receiver-general or Cashier of the Customs for that Part of Great Britain from whence the Buss or Vessel, in respect whereof the same shall be payable, shall have departed, as herein before directed, out of any Money in the Hands of such Receiver-general or Cashier, arising from any Duties, Revenues, or Customs, under the Management of such respective Commissioners; and if the Receiver-general, or Cashier of the Customs at Edinburgh shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the said Bounty, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith give the Person or Persons, intitled to receive such Bounty, a Certificate thereof, directed to the Commissioners of the Excise for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; which Certificate being affixed to the said Licence, and other the Certificates and Documents aforesaid, and being produced to the said Commissioners of Excise, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on Demand, to cause the Money, so certified to be due, to be paid by the Receiver-general or Cashier of the said Excise, out of any Money in his Hands arising from any of the Duties and Revenue under the Management of such Commissioners; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for and during the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, for every Barrel of Herrings twice packed and completely cured, which shall, during anyone Year, be landed from any Buss or Vessel, the Owner or Owners of which, in respect thereof, shall beentided to the aforesaid Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton, under and by virtue of this Act, there shall be paid a Bounty of four Shillings.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Number of Barrels of Herrings imported by any such Buss or Vessel shall, in any one Year, exceed the Proportion of two Barrels and the Half of one Barrel of Herrings packed and cured as aforesaid for every "I'on of the Burthen of such Buss or Vessel, then and in such Case there shall be paid, for every Barrel so exceeding the said Proportion, a Bounty of one Shilling only, and no more.

which Certificate, with the Licence, &c. art to be tranfrnitted to the Commissioners, who are to order the Bounty to be paid.

Vessels returning with lefi than the proper Number of Men or without a full Carg not to bt -imitJed to Bounty.

Bounties to b« paid by the Receiver*general of the CuAomij&c*

For every Barrel of Herring! twice packed and completely cured,a Bounty of 41. to be paid x

But if the Quantity imported exceeds the Proportion of two and one half Barrel* to a Ton, only is. per Barrel above that Proportion.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, for the more effectual Prevention of Fraud, all Herrings, the Proprietor or Proprietors of which, in respect thereof, shall be intitled to, or claim the said Bounties of four Shillings, and one Shilling, or vitner of them, shall be computed at the Time of their being unshipped, while they are in the State in which they are usually denominated Sea Steeksy or Herrings not repacked, and that four Barrels of Herrings in that State shall be considered as equivalent to three Barrels of Herrings packed a second Time.

Quantity to be computed while in the State of Sea SteeUi, Barrels of which are to be deerr.ed equal to 3 of Herrings twice packed.

XI. And whereas the said Bounties of four Shillings, and one Shilling, herein before granted, will afford Encouragement to those Fisheries alone that are carried on either by decked Vessels fitted out under such Regulations, and continuing at Sea for such Time as hereinbefore respectively mentioned and directed, or by such open Boats as are employed on the same Coasts with those V eflcls, and find in the Masters of such Vessels rurchafeis of the Fish they take; ^nd inasmuch as it is reasonable and expedient that all in- dustrious Fishermen engaged in the Herring Fdhery, should in so:nc Measure participate in all such Encouragements as Parliament shall give to the said rifhery ;- be it therefore enacted, That for all Herrings which shall be landed from any Boat or Vessel, not intitled to the said Bounty of twenty Shillings per

To Boats, not intitled Co the Bunty of 10 a. per Ton,a Boun* ty of 1*. per Bartel to be paid.

i8o

CiOct containing Herringi incitled to Baun. ty, to bf branded.

Bounties of 4«. and it. per Barrel to be pa:d as the Bounty of not. per Ton.

To Vessels employed in The Deep Sea Fishery,* additional Premiums to be paid. vis. For the greatest Quantity of Herrings imported in one Vessel, between June 1, and Nov. 31, 80 Guinea*; for the next greatest Quantity, 60} for the next, 40; for the out) no.

Duties now payable on Fish caught and cured for Home Consumption to ccafe on June I, *7*7-

5. Geo. i. c. 18. recited.

For such Fish as heretofore would have been intitled to $t. per hundred Weight on Exportation, no more than 3 a. to be paid.

C. 8s. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Ton, and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a Bounty of one Shilling per Barrel.

XII. And be it further enacted, That before any Bounty granted by this Act, shall be paid to the Persons intitled to receive the same, every Cask or Package of Herrings on which the said Bounty shall be demanded, shall be branded, in the Sight of the Officer of the Customs, with an hot Iron, in such legible and lading Marks or Characters as the Commissioners of the Customs shall direct, and as may effectually dif* tinguish the Casks or Packages containing Herrings landed from Busies or Vessels intitled to the said Bounty on the Tonnage thereof, from such as contain Herrings landed from Boats or Vessels not intitled to such Bounty on the Tonnage.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Bounties of four Shillings, and one Shilling, for every Barrel of Herrings imported by any such Buss, Vessel, or Boat respectively, as aforesaid, shall be paid and payable by such and the same Person or Persons, and in such and the same Manner as the said Bounty of twenty Shillings/^r T on shall be paid or payable by and under, and by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, upon a Debenture or Certificate to be prepared and granted by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port where the Fish, in respect whereof the said Bounty shall be payable, shall be entered, and to be verified by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port.

XIV. And, for the Encouragement of the Fishery usually called The Deep Sea Fishery, on the North and North-east Coasts of this Kingdom ;* be it enacted, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, over and besides the several Bounties herein before granted, there shall be payable and paid the several Premiums or Sums following; (that is to say), For the greatest Quantity of Herrings which shall be caught by the Crew of any one Buss or Veil'd, the Owner or Owners whereof, in respect of such Buss or Vessel, shall be intitled to the said several Bounties of twenty Shillings per Ton, and four Shillings, and one Shilling per Barrel, herein before granted, respectively, and which shall be imported or brought in, by such Buis or Vessel, between the first Day of June and the thirty-first Day of November, io any one Year, the Premium or Sum of eighty Guineas; and for the next greatest Quantity of Herrings, which shall be so caught, imported, and brought in as aforesaid, the Premium or Sum of rixty Guineas; and for the next greatest Quantity of Herrings which shall be so caught, imported, and brought in as aforesaid, the Premium or Sum of forty Guineas; and for the next greatest Quantity of Herrings which shall be so caught, imported, and brought in as aforesaid, the Premium or Sum of twenty Guineas; each of which said several Premiums or Sums shall be payable and paid at any Time or Times after the thirty-first Day of November in every Year, by such and the same Person, and in such and the same Manner, as the said Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton upon the Buss or Vessel, the Owner or Owners whereof in respect of such Ship or Vessel shall be intitled to such Premium or Sum, shall be paid or payable under or by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, upon a Debenture or Certificate to be prepared and granted by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port where the Fish in respect whereof the same shall be payable shall be entered, and to be verified by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port.

XV. And whereas it is highly expedient, as well for the Purpose of encouraging the Fisheries by an Extension of the Market, as for that of providing a cheap and wholesome Article of Food for the Support of the Poor, that all Duties now payable by Law on such Herrings, Cod, Ling, and Salmon, or other Fish caught and cured by British Subjects, as are removed for Home Consumption, except as herein after is mentioned, should cease and determine be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all Duties, now payable by virtue of any Act or Acts heretofore made, and now in force, for or in respect of such Herrings, Cod, Ling, Hake, and Salmon (or other White Fish, caught and cured by British Subjects, as shall be removed for Home Consumption f(av* only and except such equalizing Duties as are by this Act expressly granted or directed to be continued on Salmon, Cod, Ling, Hake, Tusk, and other White Fish, cured with Salt for which the Duty hath been paid, and which shall be imported into England from Scotland), shall cease and determine.

XVI. And whereas, by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and better securing the Duties on Salt, the several Bounties, Rates, or Sums therein and herein after expressed, were granted and made payable for all such Fish therein and herein after mentioned, as should be exported from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into Parts beyond the Seas; (that is to say). For every hundred of Cod Fife, Ling, or Hake, except dried Cod Fim, Ling, or Hake (commonly called Haberdine), which should contain in Length fourteen Inches or upwards, from the Bone in the Fin to the third Joint in the 'Fail, five Shillings; and for every hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake (commonly called Haberdine), three Shillings: And whereas the Distinction between the dried Cod called Haberdiney and dried Cod not fo called, is found to be useless, inasmuch as little less than the whole Quantity of dried Cod exported, during the last thirty Years, hath been shipped as Haberdine, and as it also appears that the Value of Cod in some of the foreign Markets is much diminished by that Degree of Dryness, which gives it the Denomination of Haberdine J be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, for all such dried Cod, Ling, or Hake, as under and by virtue of the said Act, of the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, or any subsequent Act or Acts, would (in case this Act had not been made) have been intitled to the said Bounty of five Shillings per hundred thereby granted, there shall be payable and paid the Rate or Sum of three Shillings per hundred Weight, in such and the same Manner, in every Respect, as the said Bounty, Rate, or Sum of three Shillings by the said

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81. 181

said Act granted for every hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish, Ling, or Hake, commonly called Haberdine, is or shall be payable by force or virtue thereof; and the said Bounty of five Shillings per hundred shall henceforth be discontinued and repealed, and be no longer paid or payable; any Thing in the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on all Barrels and Casks in which any Fish whatsoever (except fresh Fish), shall, from and after the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, be packed or put up, either for Exportation or Home Consumption, the respective Names of the Curers of such Fish shall be marked and burnt with Iron, in fair, large, legible, conspicuous, and permanent Characters; and that every Barrel or Cask in which any Fish (except fresh Fish) shall, from and after the Time aforesaid, be packed or put up, and which shall not have the Name of the Curer thereof marked and burnt as aforesaid, shall and may be seized and secured, by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and upon due Proof of the Fact being made, on Oath, before any one of his Majesty's Julhces of the Peace, every such Barrel or Cask shall, together with the Fish therein contained, be forfeited and lost.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Staves of every Barrel, in which any White Herrings or wet White Fish shall, from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be packed or put up for Exportation, shall not be of a less Thickness at the Bulge than Half an Incn, and that every such Barrel shall be full bound, and that every Barrel in which such Fifti shall be so packed or put up, and which shall be found to be of less Thickness than as aforesaid, or not full bound, shall and may be seized and secured by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and upon due Proof of the raft being made, on Oath, before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall, together with the Fish therein contained, be forfeited and lost.

XIX. And, for the better Encouragement of the Fisheries, be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, for the Space of seven successive Years, have followed the Occupation of a Seaman or Fisherman, on board of any Ship or Vessel employed in the Fisheries of Great Britain (being a married Man), may set up and exercise any such Trade as he is apt and able for, in any Town or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason of the using of such Trade, as freely, and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, as any Mariner or Soldier may do, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service since his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to carry, from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other Port or Place in the said United Kingdom, for Home Consumption, any Red Herrings or White Herrings, or any Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tulk, or other White Fish, cured with Salt, made in any Part of Great Britain,

XXI. And whereas the Salt, used in the Cure of Salmon, Cod, Ling, Hake, Tulk, and other White Fish, taken on the Coasts of this Kingdom, and removed for Home Consumption (save only for the Cure of Ling and Hake, taken by the Crews of Vessles employed in the White Herring Fishery during their Continuance at Sea), is subject to the Payment of the Salt Duties; and, by reason such Duties are considerably iefs in Scotland than in England, it is just and necessary that a Duty should be paid upon the Importation into England, for Home Consumption, of Cod, Ling, Hake, Salmon, and other White

Fish, cured in Scotland with Home-made Salt, for which the Duties payable in Scotland for Home-made

Salt have been there paid or secured, in order to make the said Duties payable in Scotland on Home-made Salt used in the curing of such Fish, equal to the Duties payable on Home-made Salt used in England in the Cure of such Fish for Home Consumptionbe it therefore further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties, which by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are made payable on the Importation into England of Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, and other White Fish, cured with Salt made in Scotland, for which the Duty hath been there paid or secured, shall be continued, and the same or the like Rates and Duties shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be extended to, and shall be paid and payable for, all Salmon, Cod, Ling, Hake, Tusk, and other White Fish, brought from Scotland into any Port or Place in England for Home Consumption, cured in Scotland with Salt made in any Part of Great Britain^ for which the Duty hath been paid or secured; and that the several Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions, in the said Act contained or thereby prescribed, for the Entry and Clearance of such Salmon, Cod, Ling, Hake, Tusk, and other White Fish, cured with Salt made in Scotland, and for the Importation and Removal thereof, and for t!ie Payment and feuring the Duties thereby granted in respect thereof, and the several Penalties thereby inflicttd for any Breach, Disobedience, or Non-observance of the said Provisions and Regulations, shall be observed, performed, and enforced, in respect to the Rates and Duties hereby granted, in the same Manner as if the same were here repeated and re-enacted; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to carry from any Port or Place in the said United Kingdom of Great Britain, to any other Port or Place in the said United Kingdom, for Exportation to foreign Parts, any Red Herrings or White Herrings, or any Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, or other White Fife, the Owner of the Fish, or Mailer of the Vessel, making Oath beforg the Chief Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy (who is hereby

- If after Oct. T, 1786, Fish be packed in Casks* not branded with the Curers Names, to be forfeited.

After June t, 17?7, the Stares of Barrel* in which white Herrings are packed for Exportation mud be Half an Inch thick, and full bound, or forfeited.

persons who have served as Seamen, or Fishermen, 7 Years in the Fisheries, inti tied to the Privileges granted determined by %i Geo. i. c. 44.

Fish eared with British Salt may be exported from one Port to another in the United Kingdom for Home Consumption.

Duties payable by 39 Geo. s. c. 13. on the Importation of Fish cured with Salt made in Scotland, to be extended to imported Fish cured with Salt made in any Parr of Great Britain, and the Regulations of that Act extended to this.

Fish may be earned from one P. rt to another in Britain for Exportation on Oath being made that they

182

were caught in Britain, and cured with NHome-nude Salt*

Fish so brought Coastwise for Exportation to be intitled to the Bounties of 5 Geo. i. c. 18. and to be subject to the Regulations thereof*

Bounties on Exportation of Fish carried from England to Scotland, to be paid by the Customs in England on Debenture from the Officer at the Port of Exportation*

Bounties on Exportation of Fish carried firm Scotland to England, to be paid in Scotland, on Debenture of the Officer at the Port of Exportation.

Entry to be made at the Port of shipping, of the Quantity, &c. where cured, &c,

Officer of the

Customs to grant Certificate of such Entry, which is to be delivered.by the Matter previcus to his landing the Fish, on Penalty of Forfeiture thereof, &c.

C. 81. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D.

required to administer the same), that such Fish were caught in Great Britain^ or on the Coast ther cured with Salt delivered Duty-free from some Fart of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain, ai and where, and to whom the said salt was so delivered.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all such Red Hi White Herrings, Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, or other White Fish, so brought or conveyed Coattwit one Fort or Place of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain to another, Hull, upon Exportation tl or any Part thereof, to foreign Parts, be intitled to the same Allowances or Bounties as by the said Act, in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, are granted on the Exportat: Fish cured in Great Britain, such Fish being subject to the same Rules and Regulations to prevent the rel ing or reimporting thereof, after Clearance out\sards for Exportation to foreign Farts, and the Owne Owners thereof being subject to the same Penalties in case of such rclancing, or any other fraudulent Froci ing, in order to obtain the said Bounties, as by the said Act are prescribed or inflicted in regard to Fish cl and exported from Great Britain; any Thing in the same, or any other Act contained to the contrary ther in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance or Bounty upon such Exportation to foreign Parts as aforesaid, of any Red Herrings, Whtfe Herrings, Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, < other White Fish, so brought or carried Coa (twite from any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain calk England, to any Port or Place in that Fart of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be paid in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; but that the Chief Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, at the Port or f hcefrom which such Fish shall be so exported to foreign Parts, shall, upon the Request of the Person or Persons exporting the same, and Oath made before the said Chief Officer or his Deputy (who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the samej of the shipping of the said Fish, and its not being refunded, or intended to be rejanded, in Great Britain, give a Debenture under his Hand, without Delay, Fee, or Reward, for Payment of the said Allowances or Bounties; which Debenture being produced to the Commissioners of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall intitle the Exporter of such Fish, or his Assigns, ro the Payment of the Allowances or Bounties granted by the hid recited Act of the fifth Year of King George the First; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to pay the fiimj out of any Money remaining in their Hands, arising by any Branch of his Majesty's Customs, Regard being had to the Priority of the Dates of the said Debentures in the Payment thereof.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance or Bounty upon such Re-ex-

fortation as aforesaid, of any Red Herrings, White Herrings, Salmon, Cod, Ling, lufk, or other White ifh, so carried Coastwise from any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called*Scotland, to any Port or Place in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be paid in that Part of Great Britain called England: but that the Chief Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, at the Port or Place from which such Fish shall be so exported to foreign Parts, shall, upon the Request of the Person or Persons exporting the same, and Oath made before the said Chief Officer or his Deputy (who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same) of the shipping of the said Fish, and its not being relanded, or intended to be re-landed in Great Britain, give a Debenture under his Hand, without Delay, Fee, or Reward, for Payment of the said Allowances or Bounties; which Debenture being produced to the Commissioners of the Customs, or to the Commissioners of the Excise (at the Option of the Importer or his Assigns), in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall in title the Exporter of such Fish, or his Assigns, to the Payment of the Allowances or Bounties granted by the said recited Act of the fifth Year of King George the First; and the said Commissioners are hereby required so pay the same out of any Money remaining in their Hands, arising by any Branch of his Majesty's Customs or Excise, Regard being had to the Priority of the Dates of the said Debentures in the Payment thereof.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Red Herrings, White Herrings, Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tusk, or other White Fish, as shall be put on board of any Ship or Vessel in any Port or Place in Great Britain, to be transported or carried to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, whether for Home Consumption or Exportation to foreign Parts, or his or their respective Agent or Agents, shall, before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from the Port or Place where the same shall be so shipped, make a full and particular Entry with the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs at such Port or Place, or his Deputy, of the Fish so /hipped, expressing the Number of Barrels of wet Fish, with the Marks and Numbers thereof, and the Number and Weight of each Species of dry Fish, and declare upon Oath that the said Fish were cured in Great Britain, or on the Coals thereof, and whether they were cured with Salt delivered Duty free, or with Salt for which the Duty payable by Law hath been paid or ie-cured, and that the Salt uled in curing such wet or dry Fish respectively was taken on board from some Port or Place in Great Britain, and when and where it was so taken on board, and that no Drawback for the same hath been had, or is intended to be had, upon the Exportation of the said Salt (which Oath the said Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, is hereby authorised to administer); and is like-wife required to grant and deliver to the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel, without Delay, Fee, or Reward, a Certificate or Cocquet under his Hand, that such Entry or Entries, and Oath or Oaths, have been duly made; and the Mailer of every Ship or Vessel wherein such Fish shall be shipped to be carried Coastwise as aforesaid, or the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Fish, or his or their respective Agent or Agents, shall, before landing or putting on Shore the said Fish, or any Part thereof, or putting it on board of any other Ship or Boat in any Port or Place of Great Britain, deliver the said Certificate or Cocquet to the proper Officer of the Customs in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, brought in, or landed, or put on board of any other Ship or Boat, upon Pain of forfeiting all such Fish as shall be so imported, brought in, or landed, or put on board of any other Ship or Boat, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and also double the

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81. 183

Value thereof, together with all the Casks or Vessels in which such Fish shall be found, the same to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor of the Fish, or of the iVIa-ttr of the Ship or Vessel in which the same Jlrail be imported and brought in; and all Officers, as well of his Majesty's Customs, as of tine Duties upon bah, aie hereby authorised and impowered to seize all such Red Herrings, White Herrings, Salmon, Cod, Ling, Tulk, or other White Fish, imported, brought in, landed, or put onboard of any other Ship or Boat, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and also the Casks or Vessels in winch any such Fish shall be found as aforesaid.

XXVII. And whereas, by the said recited Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First, it is enacted, That Curtis ol Fish should thenceforth be allowed to take irom any Sale Works, or Salt Pits, any such Quantity of British Salt, where the same was allowed by Law for the curing of h ith for Exportation, as they should think proper for curing of Fish for foreign Markets, without paying any Duty to his Majesty for the same, such British Salt being taken Irom the said Salt Pics, or Salt Works, and wdgnecl, in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties on bait, and lodged in a Warehouse, under tile Lock and Ley of the said Officer, as well as the Proprietor of the said Salt, which British Salt, lb lodged as aforesaid, should remain in the Custody of the said Officer, jointly with the said Proprietor, during the everal Intervals of the several Fidling Seatons; the Proprietor or Proprietors, or his or their Agent or Agents, entering at the next Office for the Duty on Salt, the Quantity of British) Salt (in lodged by him or them, from Time to Time as aforesaid, and the said Officer keeping an Account of every Quantity of the said Salt so entered an i lodged in his Custody as aforesaid; such Salt to be delivered to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or his or their Agent or Agents, for the Purposes, and upon the Terms and Conditions, and in the Manner, and to be used, returned, and accounted for, as in the same Act is mentioned and directed: And whereas a Doubt hath ?risen, whether under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, Curers of Fish, in Great Britain, are authorised to take British Salt from any distant Salt Works, or Salt Pits, where the same is allowed by Law for the curing of Fish for Exportation, and to ship and remove the same Coastwise to any other Port or Place in Great Britain, for the Purposes in the same Act mentioned, and more especially whether such Curtrs of Fish as reside in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, are at Liberty, under the said Act, or any other Act or Acts, to remove Salt Coastwise from any Salt Pits, or Salt Works, in that Part of Great Britain called England^ the Existence of which Doubt hath in many Instances been found detrimental to 4 {he said Fisheries;’ be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Curers of Fish in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain, to take from any Salt Works, or Salt Pits, in Great Britain, such Quantity of British Sait as they shall think proper, as well for the curing of any Kind of fii(li for Exportation to foreign Markets, as for the curing of Herrings and other Fish taken in the Herring Fishery for Home Consumpuon, without paying any Duty for the same, and to bring, carry, transport, and remove Coastwise, the Salt so taken, to any Port or Place in Great Britain, such Curers of Fish, or their respective Agents, before such Salt shall be removed from the Salt Work, or Salt Pit, entering, at the next Office for the Duty on Salt, the Quantity of Salt so intended to be removed, and procuring the same to be weighed in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties upon Salt before the Removal thereof, and also making Oath in Writing before such Officer (to be by him filed in his Office for the Duty on Salt), declaring the true Quantity of such Salt, and that all the said Salt is intended for the curing of Fish for Exportation, or for the curing of Herrings and other Fish taken in the Herring Fishery for Home Consumption (as the Case may be), and that the said Salt is intended to be carried, transported, or removed Coastwise to such a Port or Place (naming the lame), and shall not, by their Order, Content, or Connivance, directly or indirectly be fold, given away, or any ways delivered but for the Purpose aforesaid; and also making a full and particular Entry of such Salt with the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where the same shall be, or is intended to be shipped, for the Purpose of being brought, carried, transported, or removed Coastwise as aforesaid, and also giving Security to the said Officer, by their Bond or Obligation, in double the Amount of the Duties payable by Law upon such Salt, for the due Payment of such Duties; and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt so to be brought, carried, transported, or removed Coastwise as aforesaid, or his or their Agent or Agents, shall, on the Arrival thereof at the Port or Place for which it shall have been so shipped and entered as aforesaid, and before the same shall be relanded, make a full and particular Entry with the Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs there, of the Salt so brought in and intended to be reiaiuled, expressing the true Quantity thereof; and also making Oath in Writing, b.fore such Collector or other Officer, that all the said Salt was shipped or taken on board at Inch a Port or Place (naming the same), and when the same was fo shipped or taken on board, and that all the said Salt is intended for the curing of Fish (or Exportation, or for the curing of Herrings and other Fifti taken in the Herring Fishery for Home Consumption (as the Case may be), and that no Part of such Salt, since the same was shipped, hath been or shall be thereafter, by their Order, Content, or Connivance, directly or indirectly fold, given away, or any ways delivered, but for the Purpose aforesaid, and that no Drawback for the lame hath been had, or is intended to be had, upon the Exportation of the said Salt; alter which Oath the said Collector, or other Principal Officer of the Customs, is required to grant and deliver to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Salt, or his or their Agent or Agents, without Fee or Reward, a Certificate, under his Hand, that such Entry hath been made; upon the Production and Delivery whereof to the Officer of the Customs, to whom such Bond shall have been given as aforesaid, such Bond shall be delivered up to be cancelled; and after such Entry and Oath.made, the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt, or his or their Agent or Agents, shall be at Liberty to reland the same in the Presence of the proper Officer, and such Salt, being weighed in the Presence of such Officer, and lodged in a Warehouse, under the Lock and Key of the fakl Officer, as well as of the Proprietor of the said Salt, shall be secured, managed, ordered, and dealt with, delivered over, and accounted for, in inch and the same Manner as is in and by the said recited Act of the fifth

Recital of Part ol 5 Geo. j. c. 18.

Salt for she coring of Fish taken in the Her/ing Scafou for Home Consumptio, aa well as for curing Fish for Exportation, may be taken Dutyfree, &c on the Terms herein Specified*

Entry to be made at the Port of ftlipping such Salt, and Ooud given j

and like Entry to be made at the intended Port of relanding it, &c.

Officer of the Customi to deli* wer Certificate of Entry, which ie to Cinci- the fiond. See,

184 C. 81. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

S*H carried Coastwise contrary to this Act, to be for eited, with dotihle its Value, besides the Duiici.

8 Geo. 2. c. iz. and

5 Geo. 3. C. 63. in Part recited.

Inconvenience having srifen from ih 1 two last recited

Salt may hence-fO'ward be delivered into the Custo<Jy of the Proprietor 00 bh own Bond.

Crrd*t to be given on the Back of the Bond for the Quan'ity of Salt accounted for. Ire.

Bonds exempted from dtamp Dubes*

fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First prescribed or directed, concerning the Salt thereby allowed

to be taken by Curers of Fish for Exportation, as aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any other Act or Acts, or any Custom or Lfage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any British Salt shall be removed from the Works or Pits, or earned, brought, transported, or removed, Coastwise, or landed, contrary to the Regulations prescribed by this Act, and to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, such Salt, and also double the Value thereof, over and besides the Duties payable for the same, shall be forfeited, to be recovered of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Salt, or the Mailer of the Vessel lo carrying, bringing, transporting, or removing the same,

XXIX. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting and continuing the Duties upon Salt, and upon Red and White

Herrings, for the feather Term of four Years \ and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, it is enacted, That, from and after the Time therein mentioned, no foreign Salt should be delivered over from the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor into the sole Custody of the Proprietor, or his Agent, for curing Fish for Exportation, except he or they should give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Chief Officer of the Salt Duty in the Port where such Salt shall be imported, that he or they should and would account for the foreign Salt so by him or them to be received, in the Terms of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the therein recited Acts made in the fifth and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, or should answer the several Penalties in the said Acts directed to be recovered from the Proprietor offending against the said several Acts, or either of them: And whereas by an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reducing the Allowances for Waste on Salt and Rock Salt; for regulating the Exportation of Salt to ]crfey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the Lenvs allowing the Use of foul Salt for Manure only; for allowing a Drawback on the Exportation of Glauber or Epsom Sags; for restraining Fish Curers from being Dealers in Salt j for regulating the Exportation of Herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the Duties on Salt; and for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences against the Laws relating to the Duties on Salt\ after reciting that British Salt, delivered Duty-free, for the curing of Fish for foreign Markets, was liable to Frauds for want of Security being given as for foreign Salt, when delivered over into the Curers sole Custody at the Beginning of the fishing Season, it is enacted, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, on delivering over such British Salt from the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor, into the sole Custody of the Proprietor, or his Agent, for the curing of Fish for Exportation, the said Proprietor, or his Agent, should give Security, to the Satisfaction of the Chief Officer of the Salt Duties, in the Port or Place where such Salt had been lodged, in double the Amount of the Duties, that he or they should and would account for the same in the Terms of, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf, in like Manner as the Curers of Fish then did for foreign Salt taken for the curing Fish for Exportation, by virtue of an made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second: And whereas the Security usually required by the Officer of the Salt Duties, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts of the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, being the Bond of the Proprietor himself, and two Sureties, in double or treble the Amount of the Duties payable for the Salt in respect whereof such Security is taken, hath been found of great Inconvenience to the Proprietors, and to operate very much to the Discouragement of the Fisheries For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, Thar, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, whenever any Salt, foreign or British, shall be delivered over from the joint Custody of the Officer and Proprietor, into the sole Custody of the Proprietor or his Agent for curing Fish for Exportation, such Proprietor, or his Agent, shall not be obliged or required, under or by force or virtue of the said recited Acts of the eighth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or either of them, or any other Act or Acts whatsoever, to give any Security by Surety or Sureties, for the Purposes therein expressed, but his own Bond, in double the Amount of the Duties only, and no otherwise 3 anything in the said Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That Credit for the Quantity or Quantities of Salt, for which such Bond shall be given as aforesaid, which shall have been used and duly accounted for, shall, from Time to Time, be given by the proper Officer on the Back of the said Bond; and also that, when a proper Account shall have been rendered of the Whole of the Salt specified therein, or the Duties paid upon the Deficiency thereof, the said Bond shall be void, and shall be delivered up and cancelled.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Bond or other Security, to be given by any Taker or Cum of Fish, or the Matter or Owner of any Boat, Buss, or Vessel employed in the British) fisheries, or in the Expoi ration of Fish, or in the Conveyance of Fish from one British Port to another, for or in respect of such his Occupation or Employment^ under or by force or virtue of any Law or Statute now in being, shall be charged or chargeable with any btamp Duty whatever; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas Evidence hath been laid before Parliament of the pernicious Effects which the

Fees or other Percjuifitcs of certain of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs, especially in Scotland, have produced on the i ifheries of this Kingdom, and as the Requisition of such Fees, however fandioned by long Usage, appears, by the Orders of the Commons in Parliament assembled, in the Year of our Lord

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8r.

one thousand six hundred and sixty-two, by virtue of an of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, to be contrary to the declared Intention expressed in the said Orders be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the pairing of this Act, it Hull not he lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs to demand, ask, or accept, any Fee or other Jerquisite for or on account of any Transaction relative to any Veil'd or Boat employed in the Fisherits, or in the J ’ranl-portation from one Place to another of Fifn, or of Salt for the Use of the Fisherie?, or for or on account of the Payment of any Bounty or Debenture on Fish; and in case any fuc’n Officer or Officers Hull demand* ask, or accept any such Fee or other Perquisite as aforesaid, he or they (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall forfeit and pay treble the Amount or Value of the Sum of Money or other Thing f> by him or them demanded* asked, or accepted, and shall be forthwith discharged from such Office or Offices as he or they shall then hold in his Majesty's Customs.

XXXIII. And whereas the Fisheries carried on from Time immemorial on the Coasts of the Isle of Man, by the Inhabitants thereof, have proved a fruitful Nursery of able Seamen for the national Sen ice:

And whereas, if due and equal Encouragement with that granted to his Majesty's other British Suf jecls,

were given to the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man employed-in the said b ilheries, they might be further improved and extended, to the Advantage of the publick Service, and to the Increase of the Marine, Wealth,

and Force of the Kingdom;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the like Bounty of one Shilling J)er Bane?, as above mentioned, shall be paid for all such Herrings caught by the Inhabitants of the Ijk of Ulan, as shall be landed in the said Island from any Boat or Vend, and (had be afterwards propeily failed, cured, and packed, in Manner as above directed for British-a\ughz Herrings; which said Boumy shall be exclusive of all Bounties payable on Exportation of Herrings to foreign Parts, and shall be payable and paid, with reffieft to such Herrings as shall be landed in the Isle of Man, from and out of the Smplufage of the annual Customs of the said Bland, over and above the Expenditure and Civil Establishment of the said Itland, by the Receiver General of the Customs thereof for the Time being, upon the Owners of such Herrings complying with, and conforming to, the like Rules and Regulations, and being subjected and liable to the like Penalties in case of relanding, or any other fraudulent Practices, in order to obtain such Bounty, as are by this A<5Idire<51ed with regard to British-caught Herrings landed in Great Britain.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June bne thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all such Herrings as shall be caught and cured by the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man% and exported from thence, or from Great Britain, to foreign Parts, shall, upon Exportation thereof, or any Part thereof, be intitled to the like Allowances or Bounties of two Shillings and eight-Pence per Barrel on White Herrings so exported, and of one Shilling and nine Pence ter Barred on Red Herrings so exported, as by an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the British Fishery in foreign Parts, and for better securing the Duties on Salt), are granted on the Exportation of White and Red Herrings respectively; which said Allowances or Bounties shall, on such White or Red Herrings exported directly from the Isle of Man to foreign Parts, be payable from and out of the same Funds, and in the (kmc Manner respectively, as in this present Act is provided and directed with respect to the Bounty on the landing of Herrings in the Isle of Man, caught and cured by the Inhabitants thereof, as above mentioned; and such Allowances or Bounties on Exportation to foreign Parts of White-and Red Herrings respectively, caught and cured by the Inhabitants of the said Bland, and exported from Great Britain to foreign Parts, shall, on the Owner or Owners thereof producing due and proper Certificates, signed by the Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of his Majesty's Revenue of the said Bland, of such Owner or Owners, having taken the like Oaths, and of their having conformed to the like Provisions and Regulations, as by this Act are directed in the Case of Herrings cured in Scotland, and exported from England, and of Herrings cured in England^ and exported from Scotland, be payable from the same Funds, and be issued and paid under and subject to the like Conditions, Restrictions, and Regulations, and with the like Penalties in case of icbncing such Herrings, or in case of any other fraudulent Practices in order to obtain the said Bounties, as by the said recited, or by this present Act, are provided, prescribed, and inflicted, in regard to Herrings cured ia, and exported from, any Part of Great Britain; any Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Duties which are at this Time payable by Law on such Herrings as are caught and cured by the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man, and imported into Great Britain, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, ceale and determine.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the like Restrictions and Penalties 2s are herein before mentioned and provided, with regard to Officers asking or accepting of any Fee or Perquisite for or on account of any Transuction relative to the Fisheries, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be extended, in the most full and ample Manner, to the Fillieiies of the Ijk of Man.

XXXVII. And whereas by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Co a/Is of the lie of Man; and f:r 4 obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respetl to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White. Herring Fishery in the Year one thousand seven hundred cud seventy one), any Sort of Herrings caught upon the Coasts of the Isle of Man, and cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any Bart of Great Britain, upon Payment of the Duties therein mentioned, the M after, or other Per fun having the Charge of the Ship so importing such Herrings, bringing with him a Certificate or Certificates from the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrate for the Time being, that Oath 1 ad been

26 Geo. III. B b w made

185

Offirers accepting Ft cs to for-f<ir treble the V.lue, an \ to be di (charged.

Fron June r, 17^7,tfir BcuntJ of 1 s. per Barrel to be paid (

the lnhafiitarus of the (fle ot Mjo for Herrings caught and cured by hem Turns of this Act j

and on Importation thereof rj be allowed ihe B 'un'ies granted by 5 Geo. |. c. 18 j

to be paid, if exported fr in the Isle of Man, a» the Bruntv of is per Barrel ift pava: le there; and if from Great B-i:aint a« the Bounty o» Exjurra i n from Britain, and "n^er the likeRegulaii. ns,

DiWer now narable on the Im-porution 01 Herring*from the Isle of Man to ceale. f’cniliie* cn (Ti.e<s taking Fee* to extend to ti e Fisheries o! the lie uf Man.

I Gen. 5. c. in Fait recited.

186

rom Aup. it

1786, the Oath inquired by the teeired Art. nr>ij he dministered by the Revenue Oficer at the Port in the Isle of Wan, where Herr ng* are Aipt, Sec, Cormui/fioner* «f Customa may adti to the Salaries of Officer* m consideration of the Abolition of Fees,

Persons counterfeiting Xernft. Oates, &c. to bt' pur.ished u J-orgrn.

Persona making false Oaths to be deemed guilty of Perjury.

How Penalties are to be applied and recovered.

[General Issue.]

[Double Costs.]

a Cent j. c. 18.5 and

9 Geo. a* c. 33.

«tcu$d

C. 81. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

made before him or them, in the Presence of the Officer of the Custojns for the Port or Place where such Herrings were put on board, that the same were bona fide taken on the CoafU of the Isle of Man, and cured there; which Certificate or Certificates were also to be nttested by the said Officer of the Customs,

and to express the Number of Barrels, and Quantity of such Herrings respectively, and the Marks of the Package expressed in the Bill or Bills of Lading, with the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, of such Person or Persons as shall have made the Oath thereby directed, and where and to whom such Herrings shall be consigned in Great Britain: And whereas such Herrings are frequently exported from Parts of the said 111 and so distant and remote from the Place of Residence of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrate for the Time being, that the Exporters thereof cannot, with- out great Inconvenience and Expence, make the Proof, and obtain the Certificate required by the said recited Act:’ Now, for the Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the said Oath, required by the said recited Act to be taken before the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Commander in Chief, or Chief Magistrate for the Tune being, shall and may be administered by the Collector, Comptroller, or other. Chief Officer of the Revenue, at the Port or Place in the said Island where such Herrings shall be shipped or loaden, who is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer the same, and to grant a Certificate thereof, in the Form and to the Effect required by the said recited Act, under his Hand and Seal of Office; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. Villi Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his Ala jesty’s Customs, and they are hereby authorised and required to make such Addition to the present Salaries of the Officers, whose Incomes shall be reduced by the Abolition of such Fees, or other Perqtiilites as aforesaid, in lieu of, and by way of Compensation and Satisfaction for (he same, as they in their Discretion (having Regard as well to the creditable Subfirtence of the Officer as publick (Economy) shall judge necessary, and so order or direct; any Thing in this present Act, or in any other Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Pefon or Persons do presume to counterfeit, erase, or alter any Certificate, Debenture, or Cocquet, by this Act. directed to be made, or shall use any such Certificate, Debenture, or Cocquet, knowing the same to be so counterfeited, erAled, or altered, such Person or Persons shall be liable to such and the same Punishment as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm is provided for Persons convicted of Forgery.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, in making any Oath directed or required to be made by this Act, shall wilfully and fall'cly swear any Matter or Thing which* if the same had been sworn in any Cause or Suit depending in any of his Majesty's Courts, would hav$ amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be liable to such and the same Punishment as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm is provided for Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures herein before given by this Act, shall be distributed in Manner following; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, prosecuted, and determined, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall happen to be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if upon Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting such Action or Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be intitled to Double Costs against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as a Defendant can have in any Case where Costs are given him by Law.

XLIII. And whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fishy taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Lave to import Lobfiers anoTurbcts in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within everal Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England: And also, of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Aid to render the Law more ejfcduatfor preventing the

Importation oj fresh Fish taken by Foreigners; and to explain so much of an Act made in the thirteenth and Jour- teenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to Shivs exporting Fish to the Ports of the Mediterranean Sea; and for the better Preservation of the Fry of Loojlers on the Coast of Scotland; no Fieri ing. Cod, Pilchard, Salmon, or Ling, freshorfalted, dry or bloated, nor any Grill, iMackarel, Whiting, Haddock, Sprats, Coal-fish, Gull-fish, Congers, or any Sort of flat Fish, nor any other Sort of fresh Fish whatsoever (except Turbets and Lobfiers), can be legally imported into, fold, or exposed to Sale in that Part of this Kingdom of Great Britain called England, which shall be taken by, bought of, or received from, any Foreigner or Foreigners, or out of any Stranger or Strangers Bottom (except ProtestantStran-

gets), inhabiting this Kingdom; and every Person offending by such illegal Importation, Sale, or Expofai to Sale, is liable to forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Informer, in any of the Courts in V/ejhmrsler Hall, and to be distributed and disposed of in the Manner following;

(tuat is to lay,) one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other. Moiety thereof to the Poor of tie

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81.

Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and the Matter or Commander of every such Smack, Hoy* 4 Yager, Boat, Ship, or other Vessel, in which any Fish shall be so illegally imported, or brought to Shore, is also liable to forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Bounds, to be recovered by any Informer, and to be (Hi pofedof as aforesaid; provided that no Person shall incur any such Penalty or Forfeiture, unless the Prose- cution for the same be commenced within twelve Months after the Offence committed: And whereas the Provisions made by the said recited Acts are found, by Experience, to be ineffectual, and rot fufiicicni to restrain ill-disposed Persons from buying and receiving fresh Fith (other than Turbots, Lobsters, and EcF)

from Foreigners or Strangers, and importing and selling such Fish in this Kingdom, contrary to the Tenor and express Meaning of the said Acts; and, by re a (on of the great Delay and Expence attending the Prosecution of the Offenders, and the great Difficulty of procuring fuincient Evidence for the Recovery of the said Penalties under the said Acts, Persons are discouraged from suing for such Penalties, and the Rid Offenders escape with Impunity For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent a Practice so injurious to the British) Fisheries, and so obviously detrimental to the naval Interests of this Kingdom, may be the more effectually suppressed and prevented, be it further enacted, That if, upon Complaint or Information, upon Oath, made before any two Justices of the Peace (having competent Jurisdiction in this Behalf), it shall appear that such Officer or Officers doth or do know, or is or are credibly informed, or hath or have cause to believe or suspect, that any Fish hath been imported or brought into, or Ibid.or exposed to Sale, in the Port of Lm-don^ contrary to the Tenor and true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acts of the first Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the ninth Year of King George the Second, and of this present Act, or any of such Acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to summon the Person or Persons who dial 1 be charged by such Complaint or Information, to appear before them, at a Time and Place to be f^ecified in the Summons; and in case the Party or Parties so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof made of the Service of such Summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling-house, Lodging, or other usual Place of Abode, whilst the Party or Parties shall be on Shore, or not being on Shore, with some Person in the Ship or Vessel to which he orthty shall then actually belong, to cause such Party or Parties to be apprehended, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, and to be brought before them at such Time and Place as shall be specified in and by such Warrant or Warrants; and the re u pop, whether such Party or Parties shall appear upon such Summons, or be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justices shall and may proceed to hear the Matter of such Complaint or Information, and to adjudge and determine the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, before whom any such Complaint or Information shall be made as aforesaid, to summon before them any Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person, who shall, in or by such Complaint or Information, appear to be a necessary Witness as to the Matter thereby charged, to appear before them, at a Time and Place to be specified in the Summons; and in case such Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person, shall not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof made of the Service of such Summons in Manner aforesaid, to cause such Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person, to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, and to be brought before them, and thereupon, whether such Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person, shall appear upon Summons, or be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justices shall and may proceed to examine him upon Oath as to the Matter of such Complaint or Information; and in case such Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person, shall wilfully refuse to be sworn, or to give Evidence therein, or shall evidently wilfully forswear himself, or prevaricate in his Evidence, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Seaman, Fisherman, or other Person so refusing to be sworn, forswearing himself, or prevaricating as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol of the County or Place in or for which such Justices shall then ad, to remain for the Space 6f one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Examination of every Person so to be examined as a Witness as aforesaid, shall be taken down in Writing by or before the said justices; and in case the Party or Parties, charged by such Complaint or Information, cannot be made to appear at the Time' of such Examination, and such Witness cannot be made to attend when such Party or Parties shall appear, then and in such Case such Examination in Writing shall and may be read and made use of, and shall have tht same Force and Effect as if such Witness were then actually present and examined viva voce.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid several pecuniary Penalties, by the said in Part Tecited Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second granted or imposed, shall be recoverable by and before any two Justices of the Peace for any County, Division, or Place, on due Proof and Convidioriof the Offence by the Oath of any credible WirneR, or by Con fell: on of the Offender or Offenders, and that the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties fhalV belong to the Informer or Informers making or laying such Complaint or Information as aforesaid; and in case of the Nonpayment of such Penalty or Penalties, with the Charges incident to such Conviction, immediately upon such Conviction, the same Penalty or Penalties and Charges shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom he or they shall have been convicted; and for want of sufficient Distress, the Offender or Offenders shall be font by the same Justices to the Common Gaol of the County, Division or Place, in or for which they shall respectively ad, there to remain for the Space of one whole Year, without Bail or Mainprize, unless such Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid; any Thing in the said last mentioned Acts, or either of them, or any other. Act or Acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

18/

If Officers fnr-pe£> fresh Kiih to have b'en i-i-ported i<»t L" n» don contrary to I Geo. 1. c. iS 5 9 Geo. % c. and this Act, two Jiiltic-s may lu rmon the Par ie«, and termine the CotnpLinu

WitnessVi refo4 sing to attend may be apprehended, and giving fnlfe Evi« dr nee to be cunt-mitted far a

Year to CaoU

Wrhfen Ert-dene- te have the Fprce of vece ruination.

How Penalties

i icurred under rec ted Part of 9 Geo. 2. c. 33* zrc to be recovered and applied i

188

»nd *f not pvd

upon'Wvidii n,

the i arMr*‘ may hr irr.prif nid 48 Ho rs, *0 g ve Tim- ft r levying by Dirt/cfs.

In Case nf Inf *ffu icncvoH hood', the ar ies m «y be committed.

Security for Pe-naltir* m^y he accepted, riM<i if hot fu filler, ihe Pj'»y cor.v tlrd a^d hi* Su'eres niay btimprilon-

ar*iei cor.vift-t1, i n finding t^'o.Suietiri.may appeal to the Ge-reral or Quarter Ssftjons; and if the Conviction i»e affirmed, to pay DjubleCofls*

Persons having paid the P* naky, I T bfi r g imrri-

fonrd, noctofind Sureties.

No Judgerre it ©? the Jukkes to be set aside for want of Form, ®f removed by Certiorari.

Actions for Of. fences against 1 Geo 1. c. iff, & 9 Geo. 2. c. 33. jniy he cornmen-cedvwitlkn twelve Mombf.

The Powers of former Ath to remain :n full b (>rcr, r x opt such a^ are hereby repealed.

C. 81. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XLVII. And, to the End that the Person or Persons convicted of any Offence for which any such pecuniary Penalty, as last aforesaid, is by this Act made recoverable, may not by Flight or Removal after such Conviction evade Imprisonment, where such Penalty shall not be paid upon his or their Conviction ft be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be so convicted as aforesaid, immediately after such Conviction to order such Offender or Offenders into Custody (in case the said Penalty or Penalties due on such Conviction be not immediately paid), during such Time, not exceeding forty-eight Hours, as such Justices shall think proper to allow for the Return of the Warrant for levying such Penalty by Distrefe and Sale as aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, either by the Confession of the Party convicted, or other Witness, that such Party hath not Goods or Chattels sufficient to answer the Penalty or Penalties by him incurred, then, and in such Case, the same Justices shall and may, without issuing any Warrant of Distress, commit the Party so convicted, as if such Warrant had actually issued, and a Return of nulla bona been made thereon.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Offender, ordered to be committed to Prison under or by virtue of this Act, shall, before his actual Commitment to Prison, procure Security to be given by two sufficient Securities, to the Satisfaction of the Justices before whom he shall have been convicted, for Payment of the Penalty or Penalties by him incurred, with the Charges incident to his Conviction, within the Space of fourteen Days, exclusive of the Day of Conviction; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Just ccs to accept such Security, and upon Nonpayment thereof, at the Time stipulated for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the same Justices, or any other Justices of the Peace for the same County, Divnion, or Place, to cause the Party convicted, and his Sureties, to be apprehended by Warrant or Warrants under their respective Hands and Seals, and them to commit to the Common Gaol of the County, Divihon, or PLce, in or for which such Justices shall act, for such Space of Time as the Party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned, in case no such Security bad been given, unless such Penalty and Charges shall be fanner paid.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement or Determination of any Justices of the Peace, upon any Complaint or Information in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, within the Space of three Calendar Months then next ensuing, to appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hold for the County, Division, or Place, in or for which such Justices shall have adtcJ, such Person or Persons so appealing giving, and being hereby required to give, at least six Days Notice to the Informer or Informers of such his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, and shall, with two sufficient Sureties, enter into Recognizance before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the same County, Division, or Place, to appear and prosecute such Appeal at the said General or Quarter Sessions, and abide by the Order or Determination of the same Court, and to pay the Costs and Charges thereby awarded against such Person or Persons (if any); and every such Appeal shall by the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions be examined, and the Circumstances of the Case fully enquired into, and the Matter finally heard and determined; and in case such Judgement, Determination, or Conviction, so appealed against, shall be affirmed, the Party so appealing shall pay unto the Informer or Informer s Double Costs, to be ascertained by the Order of the same Court.

LI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons so intending to appeal shall have paid the Penalty, under any such Conviction as aforesaid, into the Hands of the said Justices by way of Deposit, or shall be then imprisoned, such Person or Persons shall and may appeal to the said General or Quarter Sessions within the Time aforesaid, on his or their entering (without Sureties) into such Recognizance as herein before mentioned, and remaining in Prison in the mean Time, or depositing such Penalty into the Hands of the said Justices, there to remain until the Merits of the said Appeal shall be heard and determined.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no such Conviction made, or Judgement given as aforesaid, shall be let uiide by the said Court of General or Quarter Section for want of Form, or through the mif-stating of any Fact, Circumstance, or other Matter whatsoever, provided the material Fadls alledged in such Conviction or Judgement, and on which the same shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court, nor shall any such Conviction or Judgement, or any Order or Proceedings of the said Court, be removed or removeable by Cn li:rari> or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. Provided also, and be it further cr.acted. That every Prosecution in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, for any Offence against the said several Acts of the first Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or either of them, shall and may be commenced within the Space of twelve Calendar Months from the Time whereat such Offence shall have been committed; any Thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be implied or construed to extend, to repeal or alter any Act or Acts now in force, or any of the Clauses or Provisions therein contained, or take away, abridge, leften, or affect any of the Powers or Authorities thereby given or granted reflectively, for lending or regulating the Mode or Course to be observed in fitting out for any Fishery, or Clearance outwards, or Entry inwards, or the Discharge of any Bufeor Fishing

i8g

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 82.

Vessel, or in cellaring, securing, shipping, reshipping, or relanding any Salt, to be used for the faking or curing of Fi(b, or in fishing.for, catching, salting, curing, storing, landing, removing, marking, or exporting any Fish whatsoever, or in the Payment or Allowance of any Bounties thereby respectively granted, on the Tonnage or Burthen of any Buss or Vessel, or on any Fish to be exported, save only and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, or Authorities therein contained or granted, are specifically or expressly repealed, revoked, altered, or controuled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained; but that all and singular the said former Acts, and the Bounties thereby eranted, and the several Rules, Regulations, Powers, and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred, or thereby inflicted or provided for any Breach or Non-observance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in the same Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws relating to the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for repealing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for insuring Property in any foreign Kingdom or State from Loss by Fire.

FOR the more effectually carrying into Execution the Laws now in force relating to the Duties under

JL/ the Management of his Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper,’ be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, wheresoever any Person shall be convicted before a Justice or Justices of the Peace for any Offence to be hereafter committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, or hereafter to be made, touching or concerning any the Duties under the Management or Care of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by which any pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money shall be forfeited, the said Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Person shall be convicted of the said Offence, shall levy the said pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money in such Manner as in such Act or Acts of Parliament is contained, and apply the same to such Uses and Purposes, and in such Proportions, as are therein contained and expressly directed, in case the same Act or Acts of Parliament, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto, shall expressly direct the Application thereof; and in Default of such express and sufficient Directions in such Act: or Acts of Parliament for the Application of the said pecuniary Penalty, or Sum of Money (o forfeited upon such Conviction as aforesaid, then to apply the same in such Manner as is herein after directed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, one Moiety or Half Part of all pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred by any Person or Persons for any Offence hereafter to be committed against any Law now in being, or hereafter to be made, touching or concerning any the Lid Duties (except where a difflmit Mode of Application is or shall be in the said Law specially prescribed), shall belong, and be applied to the Informer or Informers prosecuting for the same within the Space of six Calendar Months alter such Offence is committed, and the other Moiety or Half Part of the said pecuniary Penalties or forfeitures (the necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be paid to the UlJ of his Majesty, hrs Heirs and Successors, in the Manner herein after directed.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Distribution or Division of any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture, directed to be made by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament touching any of the said Duties, upon Conviction before a Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby.restricted and confined to the prosecuting for the same within the Time herein before limited; and that in Default of such Prosecution within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers before a Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, shall have or be infilled to any Part or Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture, but that the Whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall be recoverable by any the Ways and Means in or by any such Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf directed; any Thing in this, or any the said Acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Penalties or Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, which shall be due or payable 10 his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by virtue of this or any of the said Acts of Parliament, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now made, or hereafter to be made, touching any the said Duties, shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being (or some other Person to be authorised oy the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to receive the lame), who shall keep a separate and distmet Account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the same being dedufteu; mio the Receipt of the Exchequer on or before the first Day of August in every Year, unless the same shall be a Sunday or Holiuay, and men on the Day following which shall not be an Holiday; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt ihere shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the Penalties or For-

icitures

[Preamble.]

From July 1786, where Penalties are not directed to be applied determined by former Act', they are to be applied at herein directed*

One Moiety of Penaltie* to be to the Informer

profreu’i g within fix Month-, and lh« o*her to his Ma*

jMtjr.

But no Part rf the 'enalties to-he I <ng to In-formrn not pro* fecuting in li. mi ted rime.

H

'hue of Penal*, ties to b pnid to> Receiver- general of Stamp*, who is to pay the same into the txcneqocr by Aug. 1, annual*

1 y, 10 oe applied as former i entities*

igo

Tufliers to cause

Cnnviilif»n rrnde on* in the following Form.

C. 82. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

feitures due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any Offence or Offences committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament now or hereafter to be* made touching any of the said Duties on S:a i.ptd Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account \vh ’.tlbcver; and the said Monies so to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in such Manner, and to such Purposes, as the said Penalties and Forfeitures were paid or applied, or ought to have been paid or applied, before the making of this Act, and to no other Ule, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cales where any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence committed against tins, or any Act or Acts of Parliament now or hereafter to be made, touching any the Duties under the Management or Care of the said Corn mi Hioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be in-, curred, ir shall and may be lawful for the J 11ftice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of the said Offence, to cause the Conviction upon the same Offence to be made out in the Form, or to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be; any Thing in any former Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and every such Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without Rating the Case or the Fads or Evidence in any more particular Manner; that is to say:

rvm of Convic- K T)E it remembered. That on the Day of in the A\ B.

cf was duly convicted before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of (or bdore ts C.D. and E. F. two of his Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the County of as the Qfe J,ball happen to be), in pursuance of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of for that the said A.B. on the

Day of now lass pass, did (here ft ate the Offence against the Act, as the

Case shall happen to be), contrary to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided; and I (or we, as the Case may be) do declare and adjudge that he the said A.B. hath forfeited, for his said Offence, the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Sum of

" I (or we, as the Case may be) do hereby mitigate to the Sum of (here state the mitU

gated Penalty, if necessary), to be distributed as the Law directs. This is the first, second, or other Offence 4< (as the Case shall happen to be).

Given under my Hand and Seal (or, our Hands and Seals, as the Case may require), this " Day of

Conti£1 ions tot>e filed determined by the Clerk of the Peace, and not removeable by Certiorari, but subject 10 Appeal to the Quarter Sef-iioa*.

From Aue. t, 1786, in Pr fe-cut'ons where Offenders may be deemed guilty of Ft lony, it shall be sufficient to prove the Evidence acted un-dt r the Commissioners, without producing his Deputation.

uro Proyifott of *5 Geo. 3. c. 50. recited, and repealed at far at relates to th*

Sf imt of Cya*

Which Conviction the said Justkre shall cause to be wrote fairly upon Parchment, and returned to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place, where such Conviction was made, to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace, and there to remain and be kept among the Records of the same County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, or Place; and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari, into any Court whatsoever, but shall be subjecto Appeal before the Justices of the Quarter Sessions, in such Manner as in and by any such Act or Acts of Parliament is specially directed.

VI. And whereas great Difficulties have frequently arisen upon the Trial of divers Informations, Indict- ments, and other Prosecutions for Offences committed against his Majesty's Revenue on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by requiring Arid Proof of the Commissions, Deputations, or other Authorities under which the said Commissioners, and the Officers, and other Persons appointed and employed by them to carry the same into Execution, have acted \ for Remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, if upon Trial of any Information, indictment, or other Prosecution, for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament touching or concerning the said Duties, or any of them, whereby any Person or Persons shall or may be deemed or construed to be guilty of Felony; any Question shall arise, whether any Person be an Officer of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of or for any of the said Duties, or whether any Person hath been employed by the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties, or the major Part of them, to make or provide any Dies or Stamps to denote the said Duties, or any of them, or to repair, renew, or alter the same, or any of them, in every of the said cases, Proof shall and may be made and admitted, that such Person was reputed to be, and had acted in, and in fad exercised such Office or Employment, and at the respective Time and Times when the Matter or Matters in Controversy.upon such Trial or Trials shall happen to have beeiT done or committed, without producing or proving the particular Commission, Deputation, or other Authority, whereby such Officer or other Person was constituted, appointed, or employed j and that in every such Case such Proof shall be deemed and taken, by the Judges or Justices before whom any such Trial shall be had, to be good and legal Evidence, unless by other Evidence the contrary shall be made te appear: any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas, in and by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Gamef and for grant- ing other Duties in lieu thereof, it was provided, That, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eightj-five, it should and might be lawful for any one or more Justice or Justices of the

Peace

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 82. 191

Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein any Offence mrmentofOf-

or Offences against the said Act should be committed, and such Justice and Justices was and were thereby fender*, when

required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made, to summon the Party or Parties accused, *h!Ly :hiveJ*.

and also the Witnesses on either Side, to appear before him or them, and upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in Default of his, her, or their Appearance according to such Summons, to proceed tie,

to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the

voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties accused, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by the said Act is directed, and to award and issue out his Warrants, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pe-

cuniary Penalty and Forfeitures so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they should not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any);

and where sufficient Goods of such Offender could not be found to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of six Months, un- lets such Penalty should be sooner paid and satisfied: And in and by another Proviso of the said Act it was provided and enacted, That nothing in the said Aftcontained should extend, or be construed to extend, to*

subject any Person or Persons whatsoever to a longer Imprisonment than three Calendar Months, for Non- payment of any Fine or Penalty to be imposed under the Authority of the said Act :* Now, to obviate any Doubts which have arisen, or may ariie, on the Meaning of the said Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Proviso last above mentioned, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, and also so much of the said Proviso first above mentioned which relates to the Time for which the-Offender is to be committed, and which authorises or requires the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against the said Act, where sufficient Goods of such Offender cannot be found to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of six Months, shall be, and are, and each of them (as to such Part thereof as aforesaid), shall be, and is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act,

»t shall and may be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, to levy any pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, adjudged by virtue of the said Act, in such Manner as is therein directed, all which Penalties and Forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed according to the Directions of

this Act before specified; and that where sufficient Goods of such Offender cannot be found to answer the n PenHn'et be Penalty, and the same shall remain unpaid, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House not paid, ihr-©f Correction, there to remain for the Space of three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty shall be P*rcy to be com. sooner paid and satisfied, and no longer; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary hereof not- SoL^s^tild^ withstanding. i^er. *n

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Law and Laws now in Statute now in-force, touching any the said Duties, and every Article and Thing in them contained, and not C°rfC» except Herein and hereby altered or repealed, shall be duly put in Execution according to the Tenor of the said Laws, hercbx rcP® and under the Penalties therein contained, to be raised, levied, and disposed of as therein and thereby are directed.

IX. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- * Geo. $.-c 4%* 4 titilled, An Act for charging a Duty on Persons whose Property shall he injured against Loss by Fire, it is en- *c,led> *nr:

acted. That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout Great Britain, unto and for the 1 l'QO f

4Useof his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the yearly Sum of one Shilling and six Pence upon every infeed thereby Sum of one hundred Pounds, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Sum, that is or shall be insured by. Lid, rocrease any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of Insurance for injuring Houses, Goods, Wares, Merchan- Ju,r 5*

dizes, or other Property, from Loss by Fire: And whereas it is thought expedient to exempt all Policies for insuring foreign Property from Loss by Fire from the said yearly Duty be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the said yearly Rate or Duty flrc.~ upon all Sums of Money that are or shall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of Insurance made in Great Britain, for insuring of any House or Houses, Furniture, Goods; Wares, Merchan- dizes, or other Property, within any foreign Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, (hah ccafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable j any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And whereas there are in the Hands of the Receiver-general of the Stamp Duties several small UnjppmDrIjt*d 4 Sums of Money received by him on Account of Duties and Penalties, not applicable, by any Law now Duties, &c. in in force, to any particular Use pr Purpose, and which cannot be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer Rccliw* enc*

under any Head of Account be it therefore enacted, That all such Sums of Money as are now in the Hands of the said Receiver-general of the Stamp Duties shall be paid by him into the Receipt of the Ex- to be carried tw chequer, and the Money so paid in shall be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called The *he sinkmj Sinking Fund. Fwnd*

XI. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in- CL. feof^ Geo. tituled. An A:lfor granting to his Majesty several additional and new Duties upon Stamped Telium, Parch- 3- c 5* 'c,iuva ment, and Papery and afo for repealing certain Exemptions from the Stamp Duties, it was enacted, That, Transfer* o'*

for every Skin or Piece of Parchment, or Sheet ->r Piece of Paper, upon which dull be ingrossed or writ- Str^s e"^Jcd,

ten any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation within Great Britain, there shall 9 1

be charged an additional Stamp Duty of two Shillings and three Pence: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Transfers or Assignments of the Stocks, or of any Share or Part of the Capital Stocks, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly, called Bank Stock, and of the

Governor

192

wh'efc it r.r* M tt rrt' t-» T'ar.f.

f«i rf fc*fc $,aio Se* oucjC.

C«we <1 I/T.e.

Tattle Ccftt.

Pr-jmMe.

7 Geo. 3. c. tj.

ty Geo. 3. C.J3.

7 Cfo. 3. c. 13.

except where a1* teftd by this

Aa,

to continue in force.

For appointing Labouring (Joil-jaetcri.

Form of Labouring Coal* rnetert Oath repealed.

5. 83.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

G ever-.or ard of Mercharrs of Great £ tni r.g to the 2-A c t~er Parts of

/nr. trie a, and f>r e.icours g.r.g tve Kfnery, are n: made l^ojfct or liable to 7 c y tn? li:d additional 4 D-t.e*,’ i: is nereoy eracted and declared, That no Transfer or Affigrrner.t of tnc said Stocks*

or o; a y Hart or ^nare uveretn reiveciweiy, in the r^pcct. e Hooks of toe tftu CoTtocn.es, are or iiull be b-bic to any filter or greater veto, or other Duties, t'in were payab'.r for any Transferor Alignment ci ary Orare or Hart in or c? ter :1c £:ucics b-fore the tuning ne C a Art, or Lhcd be deemed or construed L *0 re or to ha-e be*n, any Tring in Lot said Act to Lie contrary notwithstanding.

>. t. Ar u tc :t tArLVrr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ir any Pc non or He rib ns ftift!, at any Time or I iv.r, bo Ltd, mo'efted, or pro.e: jttd for any I n r.g by him or them done or executed in purtuance of Im* Act, Iion Hen ji or Hetions shall and may pleui the Cjenrra’ Iffije, and give the special Matter tn Evidence for by or ine-r Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pnfs for the Defendant or Defendants, or t;ie rbiht.!r or Hia.ntirfs breome nor.suited, then ibch Defendant or Defendants shall oa^e Treble Costs awiictd to mm o€ tutm against such Piamtirr or Malinins.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, pilled in the seventh Year of the Reign of his

prrfent Majesty, to present Frauds and Abuses in tie A dm e afar an e:i of Coals sold by lidcarf Keajure, within the City of London and the Liberties thereof \ and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the third, to prevent Frauds and A I v/b \n the Admeasurement of Coals, fob a by Uhaf Measure, 1vtti.in the City of London and the Liberties there:/, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex; which Act was to continue in force for fourteen Years: And whereas the Term of the Cud Act was, by an Act passed in the Lventeenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, continued until the first Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven huimrcd and ninety-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Cud Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty hath been useful, and productive of much Benefit to the Publick, but might be rendered (till more so, if the same was explained and amended,

and tome further Provisions made for preventing Inconveniencies, which were not foreseen, nor sufficiently provided against by the said former Act:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recned Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and continued by the subscqumt Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, and all the Powers, Penalties, forfeitures, Remedies, Provisions, Rules, Orders, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, given, granted, ordered, appointed, prescribed, inserted, and contained therein (other toan and so far as the Cm?*, or any uf them, are respectively varied, altered, explained, rendered unnecessary, or other wise provided for, by this present Act', shall be exercised, practised, used, enforced, and put in Execution, during th? Continuance, and for the Purposes of this present Act, in as full, extensive, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if ne laid l owers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Remedies, Provisions, Rules, Orders, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly expressed and again enacted in the Body of this present Act; and also, that this Act shall take El Feet, continue, and be in force, from tire twenty-fourth )ay of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, until the said first Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight (being the Remainder now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the principal Land Coal-meters, within the Limits of this Act, or any one of them, and they, or any one of them, are and is hereby authorised, directed, and required to appoint, from Time to Time, a sufficient Number of Persons to be Labouring Coal-mcters, within the said Limits; one or more of which laid Labouring Coal-meters shall attend every Day (Sundays excepted) at such of the Coal Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale, within the Limits aforesaid, at which he or they shall be stationed by the principal Land Coal-meters, or any one of them, during the Continuance of this Act, at such Times as-is required by the Wharfinger, or Dealer in Coals, where such Meter or Meters is or are stationed, to measure out, or fee measured, the Coals which shall, Irom Time to Time, be sold at any of the Wharfs, Warehouses, or Places, where such Labouring Coal-meters (null be so stationed as aforesaid.

III. And whereas, by the said Act passed in the seventh Year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as one of the Labouring Coal meters to be appointed under the said Act,

until he shall take an Oath, that he will truly and impartially measure all Coals, between Buyer and Seller,

without Favour or Hatred: And whereas it hath been found very difficult to comply therewith be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Form of the Oath required by the said Act to be taken shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and no Pei foil appointed, or to be appointed, under the Authority of this and the said Act, shall be capable of acting as one of the Labouring Coal-meters, until he shall, betcre one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of London (who is and are hereby autho-

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 83.

rifed and required to administer the same gratis), take and subscribe an Oath, or Affirmation, in the Words, or to the Efted following; to wit:

I A.B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faithfully, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Office of one of the Labouring Coal-meters for the City of London, and the several Wharfs situate between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex \ and that I will truly and impartially meufure, or see measured, all Coals, u between Buyer and Seller, without Favour or Hatred.

'So help me GOD."

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Notice in Writing, or otherwise, being given to any of the Labouring Coal-meters appointed and qualified, or to be appointed and qualified, by virtue of this and the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or left at the principal Land Coal-meter’s Office, for a Labouring Coal-meter or Meters to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place within the Limits of this Act, to be named in such Notice, in order to measure, or ice measured, the Coals of the Person giving the Notice, such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters shall attend, pursuant to such Notice, within the Space of one Hour from the Time of giving the same, or sooner if possible, and do his or their Duty according to the Intent and Meaning of this and the said recited Act; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend accordingly, such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings each: and the principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, neglecting to fend such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the like Sum of twenty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in which any Quantity of Coals, exceeding seventeen Bushels, shall be lent or driven, from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place situate within the Limits of this Act, without having been measured under the Inspection of the said principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or of such Labouring Coal-meter, or without having first obtained such Ticket as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case, the Vendor of the said Coals* being convicted thereof, by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of London, or the County of Middlesex, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-hx, no Sacks to be made use of for the Carriage of Coals, within the Limits of this Act, which shall not be full four Feet four Inches in Length, and full twenty-six Inches in Breadth, after they are made, shall be lealed or marked, at any Office or Offices, or by any Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed for the Purpose of (baling and marking such Sacks, by any Law now in being reflecting the same.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger or Carrier of Coals shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, make use^ of any Sack or Sacks for the carrying of Coals, within the Limits of this Act, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length, and two Feet in Breadth; or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made or used, any false BuOiel or other Jleafure, and be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Qjtakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Londonv or the said County of Middlesex, he shall, for every such Oft'ence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter,

appointed and qualified, or to be appointed and qualified, pursuant to this and the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Conlumer, Carman, or other Person, with Intent to Prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever; or shall take or receive from any Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four Pence per Chaldron, by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty enacted and allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge; or if any such Labouring Coal-meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false Measure of Coals, or shaft deliver a Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and shall be, in any or either of the said cases, convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of London, or the said County of Middlesex, he shall be rendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the Office of a Land Coal-meter; and the principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being shall, for every such Offence of such Labouring Coal-meters, so convicted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings. 1

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if the Driver of any Cart or Carriage with Coals loaded therein, from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, within the Limits of this Act, or any Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall take or deliver, or fufter to be taken or delivered, from such Cart or Carriage, any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the Use of the Owner or Owners, Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and in case of Nonpayment thereof,

r93

New Oath.

Penalty on Principal? neelc£>irg to 'end a Lrhuur-irg Coal rrrier, and < n Labouring Cojl-meter* not attending on Notice.

Penalty on Vendor, f« r fending Coal* unmea-sured, r without a Ticket.

Sack* not to be sealed or marked, which shall no* be lull Fee» 4 Inches lrng and 16 Inches oroad. Dimensions of hacks.

Penalty on Labouring Meter delivering false Tickets;

or receiving any other Gratuity betides 44. per Chaldron j or making false Measure; or delivering any Ticket for Coali be did not fee measured.

Penalty on Carman taking or permit ing Coals to be taken out of his Cait.

Personi diflitiffird may have Coali it mca-sured.

Driver to continue with the Coals and Cart till rc-measured, under Penahy of 5 1. on the Owner, and *o«. on the Driver. Purchaser to fend Notice in Writing to Vendor and Meter.

194 C. 83, 84. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

every such Offender shall and may be committed, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals,

the Common Gaol of and for the ime not exceeding three Calendar or Forfeiture be sooner Paid and

satisfied.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be dissatisfied with, or think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Coals sold to him or her by Wharf Measure within the Limits aforesaid, and shall, upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter’s Ticket accompanying such Coals, signify his or her Desire to have the same re-measured, then, and in every such Case, the Carman, or Driver of the Cart or other Carriage in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals, and the said Cart or Carriage, until they are rcmcallircd, under the Penalty of live Pounds on the Owner or Proprietor, and twenty Shillings on the Driver of the said Cart or Carriage; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend, or cause to be sent, to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Warthouse, or Place, Notice in Writing that the said Coals aie going to be re-measurul, and also fend Notice thereof to the Land Coal-meter’s Office; and thereupon a principal Meter, or one of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured), shall, within the Space of two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Land Coal-meter’s Office aforesaid, attend to re-measure the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same, Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vendor and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend, and desire to see the same re-measured, and also in the Pretence of one of the principal or Labouring Land Coal-meters of or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or of or for that Part of the County of Surrey lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, if such Purchaser shall think proper to require the Attendance of such last-mentioned Coal-meter; who shall, and is hereby directed and required to attend accordingly within the Space of two Hours after Notice in Writing left at such lait mentioned Coal-meter's Office; and in case such last mentioned Coal-meters or Coal-meter shall neglect or refuse to attend pursuant to such Notice, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds: For which Re-measurement the Purchaser shall pay the principal Coal-meters or Coal-meter, appointed or to be appointed by or in

Pursuance of the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also such other and Coal-meter from the City and Liberty of JVt'jlmwjhr, or from that Part of the County of Surrey aforesaid, as shall attend such Re-measurement, the Sum of six Pence each, for every Chaldron of Coals so re-measured; and in case the Coals thus re-meafe.red shall not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then the Vendor of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushel of Coals found deficient, the Sum of five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure, to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Coals shall be so re-measured; and the Labouring Meter, under whose Inflection the Coals were first measured, shall, for every liuthel so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds; which Sum, if not paid within five Days next after Conviction, shall and may be recovered from the Persons or Person executing the Office of principal Land Coal-meter for the Time being: And the Coal Porters, who ih.ill incafure the same for the Vendor thereof, shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence.

Purchaser* to pay 6d. per Chaldron for re-measuring.

And if, on Re-

measurement. Coals prove deficient, the Vendor to pay 5l. for every Bushel, and forfeit the CoaW, &c.

The Coal Porter* ho measured, to forfeit is. 6d. a Bushel.

---

[Penalties and Forfeitures to be recovered and applied, as directed by 7 Geo. 3. c. 23.]

XI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed and to be incurred by virtue of and under this Act, shall be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures, inflicted and directed to be levied by the said recited Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are thereby ordered, directed, and appointed to be levied, recovered, and applied respectively.

[Publick Act.]

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to impower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, to consecrate to the Office of a Bishop, Persons being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS, by the Laws of this Realm, no Person can be consecrated to the Office of a Bishop without the King’s Licence for his Election to that Office, and the Royal Mandate under the Great Seal for his Confirmation and Consecration: And whereas every Person who shall be consecrated to the said Office is required to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also the Oath of due Obedience to the Archbishop: And whereas there are divers Persons, Subjects, or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions, and inhabiting and residing within the said Countries, who profess the publick worship of Almighty God, according to the Principles of the Church of England, and who, in order to provide a regular succession of Ministers for the Service of their Church, are desirous of having certain of the Subjects or Citizens of those Countries consecrated Bishops, according to the Form of Consecration in the Church of England:' Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 85. 195

assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Archbishop of Canterbury or York, with usch other Bishops as they shall think fit to assist, may consecrate Subjects of foreign States Bishops, without the King's Licence for the Election, or requiring them to take the usual Oaths;]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, together with such other Bishops as they shall call to their Assistance, to consecrate Persons, being Subjects or Citizens of Countries out of his Majesty's Dominions, Bishops, for the Purposes aforesaid, without the King’s Licence for their Election, or the Royal Mandate, under the Great Seal, for their Confirmation and Consecration, and without requiring them to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and the Oath of due Obedience to the Archbishop for the Time being.

[but not without first obtaining his Majety's Royal Licence for performing the Consecration &c.]

II. Provided always, That no Persons shall be consecrated Bishops in the Manner herein provided, until the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York, for the Time being, shall have first applied for and obtained his Majesty's Licence, by Warrant under his Royal Signet and Sign Manual, authorising and impowering him to perform such Consecration, and expressing the Name or Names of the Persons so to be consecrated, nor until the said Archbishop has been fully ascertained of their Sufficiency in good Learning, of the Soundness of their Faith, and of the Purity of their Manners.

[No Persons so consecrated, thereby enabled to exercise their Offices in his Majesty's Dominions.]

III. Provided also, and be it hereby declared, That no Person or Persons consecrated to the Office of a Bishop in the Manner aforesaid, nor any Person or Persons deriving their Consecration from or under any Bishop so consecrated, nor any Person or Persons admitted to the Order of Deacon or Priest by any Bishop or Bishops so consecrated, or by the Successor or Successors of any Bishop or Bishops so consecrated, shall be thereby enabled to exercise his or their respective Office or Offices within his Majesty's Dominions.

[Certificate of Consecration to be given by the Archbishop, &c.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a Certificate of such Consecration shall be given under the Hand and Seal of the Archbishop who consecrates, containing the Name of the Person so consecrated, with the Addition, as well of the Country whereof he is a Subject or Citizen, as of the Church in which he is appointed Bishop, and the further Description of his not having taken the said Oaths, being exempted from the Obligation of so doing by virtue of this Act.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Law herein after mentioned, which hath, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, is expired, and it is expedient that so much thereof as relates to allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, be revived and continued, subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein made:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

---

[6 Geo. 3. c. 45. as far as

That an Act made in sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage, and for discontinuing the Drawbacks upon foreign rough Hemp exported, which was to be in force from the fir It Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the Term of three Years; and which, by another Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of four Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; so far as the same relates to allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of British-made Cordage, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be revived, and the lame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Effect for the further Term of (our Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, subject to the several Amendments, Alterations, Regulations, and Restrictions, herein after provided and expressed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bounty shall be allowed or paid, to any Person or Persons whatever, by virtue of this Act, upon the Exportation of Cordage wrought up and manufactured in Great Britain from Hemp of the Growth of the British) Colonies or Plantations in America, or of the United States of America, nor for any Cordage whatever which shall be exported, unless the Quantity thereof shall be three Tons Weight at the least.

under three

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Entry of such Cordage for Exportation, in order to obtain the Bounty, the Exporter thereof shall make Oath that the same is really and truly intended to be exported as Merchandize, and not for the Use of the Ship during her then Voyage, or any future Voyage; and the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship’or Vessel in or on board of which such Cordage shall be intended to be exported, shall join in the Bond required to be given for the due Exportation of such Cordage, or, on Failure thereof, no Bounty shall be allowed or paid on the Exportation thereof.

6 Geo. 3. c 45. as far at relates granting a Bounty on Exportation of British-made Cord, age, to be revie-ed and continued for four Yean;

But no Bounty

to be paid for Cordage made from American Hemp, nor for any whatever Tons Weight.

Owner to make Oath that the Cordage is realty intended for Exportation, and the Matter of the Ship to join in the Bond to be given in the Occasion,

196

Bounty on Exportation of Cordage to fore fn Placet to be continued.

If VfflTrls hite not a furficient Quantity of Coidage for their V fct orcr the Qmntity flvpf ed for Etportation, the Officers to detain them.

No Cordage to be exported without a Certificate that it has been refused by the Navy Board. Perfom passing Entriei without such Certificate, to forfeit 1001.

C. 86. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained shall extend, or be coni!rued to extend, to disallow the Bounty on the due Exportation of such Cordage to any foreign Port or Place whatever, except the Isle of Man, bjut that the same shall be, and is hereby directed and required to be paid on such Exportation, other than to the Jjk of Alan,

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel, on board of which any Cordage shall be shipped for Exportation, in order to obtain the Bounty herein before granted, (had, and is hereby required to have on board (over and above the Quantity entered for Exportation) a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the Use of such Ship or Vessel according to the Nature of the Voyage, for which no Bounty shall be allowed; and such Ship or Vessel, before clearing at any Port of this Kingdom, (halbc visited by the proper Officer or Officers of the^Customs at such Port, who shall not permit or suffer her to set fail on her Voyage, if it shall appear that there is not on board a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the Use of such Ship or Vessel, independent of, and besides the Quantity entered for the Bounty*, and such Officer or Officers shall be, and is and are hereby authorised and required to detain such Ship or Ve{Ie!, and to prevent her from failing upon her intended Voyage, until there shall be provided a sufficient Quantity of Cordage for the Use of such Ship or Vessel, according to the Nature of the Voyage on which such Ship or Vessel shall be intended to proceed, belldes the Cordage entered as aforesaid for Exportation, iaorderlo obtain the Bounty.

VI. And, in order to prevent any Inconvenience which may arise by encouraging the Exportation of Cordage,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Entry shall be permitted to pals for the Exportation of any such Cordage, or the Vessel having on board such Cordage be permitted to go out of Port, unless a Certificate shall be produced, under the Hands of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or any three or more of them, signifying that such Cordage hath been tendered to them for the Use of his Majesty's Dock Yards, at the fair and then Market Price of such Cordage in London, and that the same hath been refused by that Board; and if any Person or Persons shall pass any Entry for such Cordage without having such Certificate produced to hinr or them, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to settle bow far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for tbt Alls of the Masters or Mariners \ and for giving a further Relief to the Owners of Ships

[Preamble.]

A a 7 Geo. a. «. 15. recited.

Owners of Ship* noi liable for any Loss of Goods Hipped without Pr vity, further than the Vtlue of the Vessel. and the Freight, after Sept, 1, 17865

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to settle how far Owners of Ships shall be answerable for the f 4 the Masters or Mariners, it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel should be liable to answer for or make good to any Person or Persons, any Loss or Damage by reason of any Imbezzlement, secreting, or making away with (by the Mailer or Mariners, or any of them) of any Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones, or other Goods or Merchandize, which should be shipped on board any Ship or Vessel, or for any Act, Matter, or Thing, Damage or Forfeiture,

done, occasioned, or incurred by the said Matter or Mariners, or any of them, without the Privity and Knowledge of such Owner or Owners, further than the Value of the Ship or Vessel, with all her Appurtenances, and the full Amount of the Freight due, or to grow due, for and during the Voyage wherein such Embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, or other Malversation of the Matter or Mariners,

should be made, committed, or done: And whereas all Matters or Captains, and Owners of Ships or Vessels, are by Law respectively subject or liable to answer for or make good to any Person or Persons,

the full Value and Amount of any Goods or Merchandize by such Person or Persons shipped or put 0:1 4 board any Ship or Vessel, notwithstanding such Goods or Merchandise’be loft by Robbery, I ire, or other Accident (other than by the King’s Enemies, the Perils of the Seas, or the Act of God), or unlds the Matter or some of the Ship’s Company are privy to such Robbery, in which Case alone the Rclpon- Ability of the Owners is by the said Act limited to the Value of the Ship and full Amount of the Freight:

And whereas it is of the utmost Consequence and Importance to the general Welfare of this Kingdom, to promote the increase of the Number of Ships and Vessel?, and to prevent any Discouragement to Mer- chants and others from being interested and concerned therein, which is likely to happen from the Respon- Ability to w Inch they are now expoied, notwithstanding the salutary Intention of the said Act :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons, who is, are, or shall be Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, shall be subject or liable to answer for or make good, to any one or more Person or Persons, any Loss or Damage by reason of any Robbery, Embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, of any Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones, or other Goods or Merchandize, which, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be shipped, taken in, or put on board any Ship or Vessel, or for any Act, Matter, or Thing, Damage or Forfeiture, done, occasioned, or incurred, from and after the passing of this Act, without the Privity and Knowledge of such Owner or Owners, further than the Value of the Ship or Vessel, with all her Appurtenance?,

A.D. 1786;. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86, 87. 197

nances, and the full Amount of the Freight due, or to grow due, for and during the Voyage wherein such Robbery, Embezzlement, secreting or making away with, as aforesaid, shall be made, committed, or done, although the Matter or Mariners shall not be in anywise concerned in or privy to such Robbery, Embezzlement, secreting, or making away with j any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall be subject or liable to answer for or make good, to any one or more Person or Persons, any Loss or Damage which may happen to any Goods or Merchandize whatsoever, which, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, shall be shipped, taken in, or put on board any such Ship or Vessel, by Reason or Means of any Fire happening to or on board the said Ship or Vessel.

III. And whereas Disputes may arise, whether the Owners or Matters of Ships are liable to answer or c make good the Value or Amount of any Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Watches, Jewels, or precious Stones, c which may be loft after the lame have been put on board their Ships on Freight, without the Shippers thereof declaring at the Time the Value of such Goods be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Matter, Owner or Owners, oi any Ship or Vessel, shall be subject or liable to answer for, or make

food, to any one or more Person or Persons, any Loss or Damage which may happen to any Gold, Silver, Diamonds. Watches, Jewels, or precious Stones, which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be shipped, taken in, or put on board any such Ship or Vessel, by reason or means of any Robbery, Embezzlement, making away with, or secreting thereof, unless the Owner or Shipper thereof shall, at the Time of shipping the same, insert in his Bill of Lading, or otherwise declare in Writing to the Mailer, Owner or Owners, of such Ship or Veiled, the true Nature, Quality, and Value of such Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Watches, Jewels, or precious Stones.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if several Freighters or Proprietors of any such Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones, or other Goods or Merchandize, shall suffer any Loss or Damage by any of the Means aforesaid, in the same Voyage (Fire only excepted), and the Value of the Ship or Vessel, with all her Appurtenances, and the Amount of the Freight due, or to grow due, during such Voyage, shall not be sufficient to make full Compensation to all and every of them, then such Freighters or Proprietors shall receive their Satisfaction thereout in Average, in Proportion to their respective Losses or Damages: And in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Freighters or Proprietors, or any of them, on Behalf of himself and all other such Freighters or Proprietors, or to and for the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or any of them, or on behalf of himself and all the other Part Owners of such Ship or Vessel, to exhibit a Bill in any Court of Equity for a Discovery of the total Amount of such Losses or Damages, and also of the Value of such Ship or Vessel, Appurtenances, and Freight, and for an equal Distribution and Payment thereof amongst such Freighters or Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Losses or Damages, according to the Rules of Equity: Provided always, That if any such Bill shall be exhibited by or on the Behalf of the Part Owners of such Ship, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall annex an Affidavit to such Bill or Bills, that he or they do not collude with any of the Defendants thereto; and shall thereby otter to pay the Value of such Ship or Vessel, Appurtenances, and Freight, as such Court shall direct; and such Court shall thereupon take such ^Method for ascertaining such Value as to them shall seem just, and shall direct the Payment thereof in like Manner as is now" uled and practised in Cases of Bills of Interpleader.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in this present Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach, lessen, or discharge any Remedy which any Person or Persons now hath, or shall or may hereafter have, against all, every, or any the Matter and Mariners of such Ship or Vessel, for or in respect of any Embezzlement, secreting, or making away with any Gold, Silver, Diamonds, Jewels, precious Stones, or Merchandize, shipped or loaded on board such Ship or Vessel, or on account of any F'raqd, Abuse, or Malveriation of and in such Matter and Mariners respectively; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person or Persons so injured or damaged, to pursue and take such Remedy for the same against the said Matter and Mariners respectively, as he or they might have done before the making of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents.

WHEREAS, under and by virtue of the Provisions contained in an Act of the first Year of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Houjihold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, the Monies arising by Rents of Lands, and Fines for Leases of 1 the lame, and the Monies arising from the small Branches and Revenues in the said Act mentioned (except the Revenue^of the Dutchy of Cornwall)9 are directed, during your Majesty's Life, to be carried to, and made Part of, the General or Aggregate Fund established by an Act of the first Year of the Reign of King George the First, and applied as Part of the said Fund; And whereas your Majesty is

idled

nor for any Loft occasioned by Fire on board

Nor for L'fs of Gold, &c. unless at the Time of Shipping, Declaration be made of the Value, Sc c.

If Produce of Ship, &c. be inefficient to answer Losses, it is to be proportionally divided among the Lo-feis.

F»e;ghter» and Owners of Vef-

feh may exhibit Bill? in Equity for Discovery of Amount of Losses and Value of Vessels, Scc.

AS} not to lessen the Remedy against Matters and Mariners for Embezzle# ment, See,

[Publick Act.]

[Preamble,

1 Geo. 3. c. I, recited in Part.

198

Commissionerj

appointed,

*ho are to make Enquiry, and report to his Majesty and Parliament their Progress.

Commissioners to take the Oath following*

C. 87. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

seised of several extensive Forests, Chafes, Parks, Warrens, Marshes, Fens, Dereli& Lands, and Wades,

situate in England and Wales, whion are capable, under proper Regulations, of being improved and reti- dcred more beneficial to your Majesty and to the Publick: And whereas your Majesty, from a tender Regard and Concern for the Welfare of your People, hath been graciously pleased to express your Desire, that an Enquiry should be made into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, in order that the same may be rendered as beneficial and productive as poilible, and hath recommended to your Parliament to take this Object into their Confuleration, and to make such Provision thereupon as they should judge to be mod for the publick BenefitWe, therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons of Great Br\ia':ny in Parliament assembled, having taken your Majesty's most gracious Mcllage into our serious Confuleration; do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Charles Middleton Baronet, John Call Esquire, and Arthur Holdsworth Esquire, shall be, and are hereby constituted Commissioners for examining and enquiring into the State, Management, Produce, and Expenditure of the said Rents of Lands, and Fines for Leases of the same, and other Monies arising from the said small Branches of Revenue herein before mentioned; and into the State, Produce, Management, Extent, and V'alue, of all the Honours, CalHes, Lordships, Forests, Chafes, Parks, YYrarrens, Manors, Royalties, Seignories, Messuages, Mills, Demesne and other Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Derelid and Waste Lands, and Services, within the Survey of his Majesty's Exchequer, and appertaining and belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, situate and being in England and Wales, or either of them 5 and into all such subsisting Leases, Patents, and other Grants of the said Honours and Premises respectively, as contain any express Saving, Exception, or Reservation to the Crown, of any Rights or In-rerelb, in Possession, Reversion, or Contingency; and into all and all Manner of Rights and Privileges claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within, over, and upon his Majesty's said Forests, Chafes, Parks, Warrens, Woods, Fens, Marshes, and Derelict and Waste Lands respectively; and into all subsisting Offices, Places, and Employments, established or created for the Management of the said Forests, Chates, Parks, and other the landed Estates, Land Revenues, and small Branches aforesaid, respectively, or in anywise connected therewith, and the annual Expence of the same: And the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to take into their Consideration the Information which they shall procure or receive upon such Examinations and Enquiries, and within fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, and from Time to Time, when and so often as they conveniently can or may (and without any special or other Requisition to be made to them for that Purpose), certify and report in YWiting, under their Hands and Seals, unto the King’s Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, what Progress they shall have made in the Execution of the Trusts and Powers of this Act, together with such Observations as shall occur to them, and lugged such Plans, Rules, Regulations, Means, and Methods, for the Disposal and Alienation, or for the future Management and Improvement of the said landed Estates and Possessions, and for the Protection, Increase, and Supply of Timber on the said Forests, Chafes, and other Lands of the Crown, for the Use of the Royal Navy, or for redressing any Abuses in the Management of the said landed Estates, and the Collection and due answering of the Revenues of the same, or other small Branches of Revenues aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think bed calculated for rendering the said landed Estates and Possessions of the Crown, and the Revenues arising therefrom, and other small Branches aforesaid, most productive and advantageous to his Majesty and the Publick.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, before they shall be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, shall severally take and subscribe an Oath, before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Chief Baron, or one of the other Barons of the Court of Exchequer, to the Eft’ed following; (that is to say),

Form of Oath* w A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the be ft of my Skill and Judgement, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me determined by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents; according to the Tenor and Pur- port of the said Act.

So help me GOD."

Which Oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed of Record in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer of the said Court.

Commissioners Hi. And, for the better Execution of this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall ^ave ^ower 10 meet an^ from *me to Time, in such Place or Places as they shall find most convenient, convenient Tx*- or w,th°ut Adjournment; and to fend their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, for

mine such Witnesses as they shall think necessary to examine, for the better Discovery and finding out any of the

upon Oahi, Matters or Things by this Act directed to be enquired and examined into by them, and to examine such

point officers, Witnesses upon Oath, touching and concerning such Discovery and Disclosure (which Oath they are hereby *c# authorised to administer); and also shall and may appoint and employ so many Clerks and Officers, and

allow them, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, such reasonable Salaries as the said Commissioners appointed by this Act shall think meet; and shall and may give and administer

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

to every of such Clerks and Officers an Oath, for hrs true and faithful Demeanor in all Things relating to the due Performance of the Trusts reposed in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other Things touching the Premises 5 and from Time to Time, at their Discretion, to dismiss and discharge such Clerks and Officers, and appoint others in their Place: And the said Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully

toexecutfc and perform the said Trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any Thing for such Service, other than such Salaries as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint, and such Fees as they shall be authorised to take by virtue of this: Provided always, That if the said Commissioners shall require the Attendance of any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of procuring any Information by this Act directed to be procured, and such Person or Persons shall be called for that Purpose lrom his or their uffial Place or Places of Residence, the said Commissioners shall, at their Discretion, make a reasonable Satisfaction to such Person and Persons for his and their Time and Expences on those Occasions.

IV. And, for the better Accomplishment of the Purposes aforesaid, * be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to call before them the several Surveyors, Auditors, and Receivers of the said several Revenues, and their Deputies, and all other Officers and Persons concerned in the Management, Collection, and Receipt thereof, and to examine them upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to administer) touching or concerning the said Estates, Possessions, and Revenues, and every or any Part of the same, and the Extent, State, and Value thereof, or any Fees* Salaries, Stipends, Annuities, or other Payments, issuing out of the same, or chargeable thereon, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Premises aforesaid; and further, that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to peruse, inspect, and have Copies of all and Angular the Surveys, Maps, Plans, Rentals, Inquisitions, Terriers, Valuations, Particulars, Counterparts and Entries of Leases* Patents, Reports, Accounts, and other written Documents, relating to or concerning any of the Lands or Possessions of the Crown, or the Rents and Profits of the same, and other small Branches aforesaid, in the Custody or Power of whatever Publick Officer or Office the same may be, without Payment of any Fee or Reward for the Production or Inspection thereof; and also to cause to be made, by practical and competent Land Surveyors, actual Surveys, Maps, Plans, and Valuaxions of such of the said Forets, Chafes, Parks, and other Lands and Possessions of the Crown, as the said Commissioners shall find necessary and expedient, and to examine all and every of such Surveyors upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer), of and concerning the Truth and Correctness of their said respective Surveys, or any Matter or Thing done or certified by such Surveyors respectively, of and concerning the Premises committed to their Charge.

V. And whereas it may be found necessary by the said Commissioners, in the Execution of this Act, and for the better Accomplishment of the Ends and Purposes thereof, and more particularly for discovering the Extent and Limits of his Majesty's Forests and Chafes, and other Lands, that Commissions of Enquiry should be awarded for those Purposes;’ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being, and the said Chancellor and Bare ns are hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, upon Motion to them made by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, to order and diredE one or more Commission or Commissions to be awarded and issued, under the Seal of the Exchequer, directed unto such able and experienced Persons as the said Court shall nominate for that Purpose, for authorising and impowering the Persons to be so named, or so many of them as the said Chancellor and Barons shall think fit, to make Surveys and Perambulations, and to call before them, and examine upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses, and to inquire into, examine, try, discover, and ascertain, by Verdict and Inquest, on the Oaths of lawful Men, to be duly impannelled by the proper Sheriff, according to the Tenor and Effect of such respective Commissions, the several Limits, Boundaries, Extent, and Values of the Forests, Chafes, or other Lands, to which such Commissions shall reflectively relate, and all such other Matters and Particulars which in and by such Commissions shall be respectively directed to be inquired of or examined into.

VI. And, to the End that the future Improvements to be made in the Land Revenue of the Crown may be effected without Prejudice or Vexation to the Subject claiming Rights, Privileges, or Easements, in,

through, or over any* of his Majesty's laid Forests, Chafes, Parks, Warrens, Marches, Fens, Derelict Lands, and Waites / be it further enacted, That all Persons shall be at Liberty to deliver their respective Claims or Rights, Privileges, or Easements, in, through, or over any of his Majesty's said Forests, Chafes, Parks, Warrens, Marshes, Kens, Derelict Lands, and Waites, to the said Commissioners of the Land Revenue, who shall cause the same to be entered and prderved among their Proceedings, or may appear before the Commissioners to be named in any such Commission as aforesaid, to be issued by the iaid Court of Exchequer, during their luting upon such Commission, and make their respective Claims btiore such Commissioners, who shall receive the same, and make a Return thereof in their General Return to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person to be named in such Commission as aforesaid, shall, before he proceeds to act in the Execution thereof, take and subscribe an Oath, before any other two of the Persons named in the same Commission, faithfully to execute the same, and the Truffs thereof, without Favour or Affection, and according to the best of his Skill and Judgement; which Oath the Persons lb named, and every two of them, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer to each other respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Trea-fiiry, for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to issue to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, by way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of any of the Publick Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two thou-

iand

*99

ind may make.

Satisfaction to Witnesse* for such Expence*

Commissioner may examine on Oath the Officers of the Land Revenues, may inspe£ Surveys, &c. and cauie actual ones to be made*

Chancellor, &c. ofrhe Exchequer may order Commissions to Persons, to make Surveys to exa* nvne into Limits of Forests,

Personi claiming Privileges to deliver ibeirClaim* 10 the Commissioners.

Comm :fTioners appointed by the Chancellor, &c# of Exchequer to take an Oath to faithfully execute their Truflf. Treasury to issue to the Commissioners Money to pay B;*lances, and take Surveys, &c.

200

No Timber in the said Forests, Arc. to be sold without a Warrant of the Treasury.

ft* Car. 2. c. 6. and

ft* & 23 Car. *. c. 24. recited$

and such Parti as relate to Rents within the Surrey of the Exchequer veiled in Trustees, and not by them fold, to be repealed!

and the said Kents tube veiled in his Majesty.

Commissioners

may agree for the Sale of Rents at the best Prices they can procure, not being under the Rates following, viz.

For Rents of 10 s. per Ann. and upwards, 24 Yeats Purchase c

Fromms, to 10 s. per Ann. 1% Years Purchase.

From 1«. and under 5 s. 20 Years Purchase.

Owners of the Lands to have the Preference in purchasing the Rents on certain Conditions.

Commissioners to certify Pur-fttufers to the

C. 87. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

rand Pounds in any one Year, to be by them employed in the Payment of the aforesaid Salaries of the Clerks and Officers by them employed in the Execution of this Act; and shall also, from Time to Time, issue to the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, out of the Monies aforesaid, such further Sums as shall be necessary to defray the Expences of taking any Surveys or Valuations, or issuing and executing Commissions of Surveys and Enquiry, and other contingent and actual Charges, which shall be by them necessarily incurred in the carrying the Purposes of this Act, and the Enquiries thereby directed, into Execution.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Sale shall be made of any of his Majesty's Timber or Wood, within or upon any of his Majesty's Forests, Chafes, Parks, or other Grounds whatsoever, by any of his Majesty's Surveyors of Keepers, or by any other Persons intrusted with the Care thereof, unless by special Warrant to be issued for that Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, upon Requisition to them made by the said Commissioners appointed by this Act.

X. And whereas, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of Fee Farm Rents and other Renisy and of an Act passed in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of the same King, intituled,

An Act for vr/ling certain Fee Farm Rents, and other small Rents, in Trustees, all Fee Farm Rents, Rents Service, Rents Seek or Dry Rents, Chauntry Rents, Guild Rents, Cattle Guard Rents, and other Services, within the Survey of the Exchequer (except as therein excepted), were vested in certain Trustees in the said last mentioned Act named, and their Heirs, in order to be by them fold, conveyed, and disposed of,

according to the Directions and Instructions of the same Acts, or one of them; with a Proviso in the said last mentioned Act contained, that until Sale should be made of the said Rents, the Receiver or Receivers General should and might receive, collet, and gather the same: And whereas, under and by virtue of the said two recited Acts, the greater Part of the large Rents within the Survey of the Court of Exchequer were sold by the said Trustees, and the Residue thereof, now remaining in Charge at the Exchequer, con- fist chiefly of very small Rents, the Collection or Payment whereof is a great and constant Charge to the Crown, and troublesome and vexatious to the Subject; and it is therefore expedient that the lame should be fold :* Be it therefore further enacted, That the said two several recited Acts of the twenty-second and twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, and the Letters Patent in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the same Acts or Letters Patent relate to or concern any Fee Farm or other Rents within the Survey of the Exchequer, by or under and by virtue of the same Acts vested in the said Trustees, and not by them sold or disposed of, or the Appropriation of the Money to arise by Sale thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed and vacated.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the said Fee Farm and other Rents, within the Survey of the Exchequer, by or under or by virtue of the said two several recited Acts, or either of them, vested in the said Trustees, and not by them sold or disposed of, shall be, and are hereby declared to be in the actual Seism and Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in as full and ample Manner, to.all Intents and Purposes, as the same would or could have been if the said Acts and the said Letters Patent, or any of them, had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of any Fee Farm Rents, Rents Services, Rents Seek, Quit Rents, Chauntry Rents, Guild Rents, Castle Guard Rents, Viscontiel Rents, and other dry, fixed, and unimprovable Rents, due and payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, within the Survey and Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at or for the best Prices or Considerations, in Money, which the said Commissioners shall be able to procure for the same, not being less, for any Rent amounting to or exceeding one Shilling per Annum, than after the several Rates of Purchase following; (that is to say).

For any Rent amounting to ten Shillings per Annum, or upwards, not less than twenty-four Years Purchase of the Net Amount thereof, after deduding the Land Tax chargeable thereon:

the Net Amount.

For any Rent amounting to five Shillings per Annum, and being under ten Shillings per Annum, not less than twenty-two Years Purchase of the Grols Amount thereof:

And for any Rent amounting to one Shilling per Annum, and being under five Shillings per Annum, not less than twenty Years Purchase of the Grols Amount thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the immediate Owners of the Lands or Hereditaments whereout any Rents hereby made saleable are iflfuing or payable, shall be preferred in the Purchase thereof to all others, so that such Owners shall respectively pay and discharge all Arrears of Rent due from them, and tender themselves in Person, or by Agent, before the said Commissioners hereby appointed to contract for the Purchase thereof, before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

XIV. And, for facilitating the Conveyance of the aforesaid Rents to the respective Purchasers thereof, at 4 a small Expence, and to relieve the said Commissioners from the Charge and Account of the Purchase Mo- nies p be it further enacted, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books with the said Commissioners hereby appointed, under

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. 201

the Title of Commissioners for the Land Revenue* and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies by this Act directed to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank; and whensoever the said Commissioners shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of any Rent or Rents, the said Commissioners shall grant unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof a Certificate under their Hands, specifying the Rent or Rents so contracted for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Production of Inch Certificate, accept and receive from such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies, without Fee or Reward; and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, and be by him forthwith enrolled in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, separate and apart from the other Bunness and Proceedings of his Office; and the said Auditor, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt as aforesaid, shall attest the same under his Hand, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers; and from and immediately alter such Enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers of such Rents, and their Heirs or Successors, shall, by force of this Act, be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Sciiin and Possession of the Rents (o by them respectively pm dialed, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under him or them, or any of his Majesty's Royal Ancestors or Predecessor^, or by, from, or unuer the said Trustees, or any of them, or the Heirs of the Survivor of them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances wharlbever, heretofore made or charged upon the lame Rents, and as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as his Majesty, his Heirs or fcucceilbrs, might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and shall have and enjoy all and singular the Powers, Remedies, Benefits, and Advantage for the Recovery thereof, given or allowed to the Purchasers of Rents in and by the said recited Acts of the twenty-second and twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charlks the Second, in as large and ample Manner and Form as if such Purchases had been made of, and the said Rents conveyed by, the Trustees appointed or authorised in and by or under and by virtue of the Cmie Acts, or either of them.

XV. And whereas some of the said Rents hereby directed to be sold are greatly in Arrear, and the Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, out of which the same are ilfuing, may have been purchased or come into the Hands of the present Owners of the said Lands and Hereditaments, without their having had the Means of knowing or being apprised of the said Rents and Arrears payable for the same be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, with the Con-fentand Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, to accept such pecuniary Compensation of the Persons who shall become Purchasers of any Rent or Rentfc in Arrear, as, under all the Circumstances of the Case, shall be equitable and just, so that such Composition be not less than the Amount of the Arrear or Arrears of Rent which shall have accrued from the present Owners respectively of the Lands, Tenements, and Possessions, out of which, or in respect whereof, such Rent or Rents are or may be i (filing or payable.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificates to be granted by the said Commissioners, on the Sale of any Rent or Rents as aforesaid, shall be expressed in the Words following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

TJ Y the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.—These are to certify, That the said Commissioners have u contracted and agreed with A.B. for the Sale to him of all that Rent of

issuing and payable out of [briefly describing the Lands or Hereditaments chargeable], now or late payable M by at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful

Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, in the Name of the said Commissioners. [And in the Case of fubfijling Lease, then the Words following are to be addedJ subject nevertheless to a Lease thereof, granted under the Great Seal of Great Britain [or the Seal of his Majesty's Exchequer, as the Caje may be], bearing Date the Day of one thousand seven hundred and unto for a Term of Years

which will expire on or about the Day of.

Given under the Hands of the said Commissioners, the Day of

Which said Certificate shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof by the said Commissioners of the Land Revenue, by one ol their principal Clerks or other Officers: And that the Recipts to be given or subscribed by the Cashier of the Bank, at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate respectively as aforesaid, shall be in the Words and Figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to

lay),

1} Eceived the 44 of and from

Day of one thousand seven hundred

I from A\ B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above [or within] written Certificate.

Witness my Hand,

(Signed) E. F. Caftiier."

26 Geo. III.

Which

Cink, wh > are

to rccc ve thr Purchase a< <J gran* Ke-ceipis for til? f.or.e c n the* Ctr-t ficaUr, w hi: h being 2urc llrd, vuth the Auditor of the Lind Rrvence, is 10 give rciT'iii.ia of ihc Kent*.

Commissioner* may compound for Arrears, but not for a less Sum than is due by the present Owner* of Lands.

Certificate to be granted on the Sale of Rents at follows.

Form of Certificate.

Certificates to be witnessed.

Form of Receipt

to be given by the Cashier of the Bun*.

202

Certificate* and Receipts, when enrolled, to discharge Purchas-ctl from Consideration Morey, Certificate', See, to be enrolled at the Expence of the Partie?, for which such Fee* re to be pa;d as the Commissionera Shall direct, &c,

If Consideration Money exceed 101. the Certificate to be then a a Stamp, 5cc,

If Certificate be not precured, and Consideration Money paid, &c. in 14 Day*, Contrails to be foid, dec.

Monte* paid into the Bank to be laid out io the 3 per Cent. Cnn-foh, and the ln« terest paid as di-relled by the Treasury.

Person* receiving any Part of the Land Revenue who Shall not obtain a Quietus before Aug. 1, j~&7, to deliver their Accounts to the Commi ffio^ert to be liquidated.

C. 87. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Which said Certificates and Receipts, being enrolled as aforesaid, (bail effectually discharge the said Purchasers* or other Persons to whom the same shall be so given and granted, of and from the Purchase and Consideration Money therein respectively expressed; and such Purchases or other Persons shall never afterwards beliable to, or called upon, sued, troubled, molelied, or questioned, for or in respect of such Purchase or Consideration Money, or any Part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificates and Receipts hereby directed to be given, shall be made forth and enrolled at the Fxpenco of the Persons intitled to or requiring the same, for which Certificate such Fees shall be paid (exclusively of the Expence of Stamps, Parchment, and enrolling) as the said Commissioners shall direct and cltabhdi, in Proportion to the Value of the Rent to be sold, so that no greater Fee be paid for any one Certificate than twenty Shillings; and if the Certificate be for more Rents than one, a further Fee shall be paid for every Rent, not exceeding one-fourth of the Fee taken for the highest Rent included in the same Certificate; which said Fees Shall be received by, and distributed amongst, the Officers and Clerks of the said Commissioners, in such Manner and Proportion as they shall direct; and the like Fees as aforesaid, and no more, shall be taken by, and paid to, the Auditor of the Land Revenue, for the Enrolment of the said Certificates and Receipts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Consideration Money contracted to be paid for any Purchase or Discharge whatsoever, authorised to be made by this Act, shall exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the Certificate of the said Commissioners shall be written on Parchment, stamped or notified with such a Stamp Duty as is required by Law for the common Conveyances of Lands, and no other Stamp shall be requisite for the Cashier’s Receipt for such Consideration Money; and where such Consideration Money shall not exceed the Sum of ten Pounds, the said Certificates shall or 'may be written on Parchment, without any other Stamp Duty than such as shall by Law be requisite for the Cashier’s Receipts.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further ena^cd. That if any Person or Persons, with whom the said Commissioners shall contrail for any of the Premifts by this Act authorised to be sold, discharged, or extinguished, shall neglect to procure and lue forth the Commissioners Certificate of his, her, or their Contract, or shall neglect to pay into the Bank the Consideration Money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to enroll such Certificate, and the Cashier’s Receipt for the said Money, with the Auditor of the Land Revenue, according to the Directions of this Act, for the Space of fourteen Days, to^e computed from the Day on which such Contract shall have been made, the said Contract shall be null and Void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said Commissioners shall, for any reasonable Cause to them shewn for the Omission of such Enrolment, order the said Certificate to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such Cause being shewn, they are hereby authorised to order accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money, which shall be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be laid out, by the Order of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, in the Purchase of three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the said Commissioners, in which Name the Governor and Company of toe Bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds or Stock so to be purchased, and such Transfers to be accepted by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, for and in the Name of The Lord High Treasurer of England, and the said Commissioners are hereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular the Annuities so to be pjicnaied and accepted, shall remain inverted in the Name of The Lord High Treasurer, or The Comuiftraers for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, and shall not be transferred or transferrable wiment the Authority of Parliament; but all the Interest of the said Annuities or yearly Dividends (halt be from Time to Time paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the lame, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under the Hand and beal of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, and shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be deemed and taken in Law to be Part of the said Land Revenues of the Crown, and shall be from Time to Time answered, accounted for, applied, and appropriated to such and the same Uses and Purposes as the Land Revenues of the Crown now are or would lu renter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated, in case this Act had not been made.

XXI. And, for the Furtherance and more perfect Accomplishment of the Purposes of this Act,’ be it further enacted, That all and singular Persons, who, by virtue of any Office or Employment by them held under the Crown, have been intruded, lince his Majesty's Accession, With the Receipt of any Monies arising by Rents of his Majesty's Lands, or by Fines of the same, or by any of the said (mail Branches of Revenues beiore mentioned (Sheriffs only excepted), oruith Money arising by Sale of any of his Majesty's Woods or Timber in England or Wales, and whose several and respective Accounts have not been declared and H'th'tus eft obtained thereon, or shall not be so declared before the tint Day of Aug eft one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and ;.lfn the Heirs, Representatives, and Sureties of any such Persons intruded as aforesaid, and now deceased, whose Accounts are depending and unsettled, and who shall not, within the Time aforesaid, procure such Accounts of the deceased Accomptants to be made up and declared in due Form of Law, shall, and they are hereby federally enjoined and required to deliver such respective Accounts of their Receipts and Expenditure, with their Vouchers for the same, unto the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, who shall thereupon proceed to take such Order and Course as they shall think fit for the doling, adjurting, and liquidating the same Accounts, by or before the Auditor of the Land Revenue, in whole Charge and Audit such unsettled Accounts may happen to be respectively; and if any Default shall be made

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87, 88.

by any of the Persons or Parties aforesaid, in the bringing before the said Commissioners such unsettled Accounts and such Vouchers as aforesaid, within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners hereby appointed shall limit and appoint for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful so and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, under their Hands and Seals, to certify the same, and the Circumstances thereof, to the Chancellor and Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being, who shall thereupon award and if:ue forth such Processes against the said Defaulters as the Nature of the Case shall require, and the said Court think expedient; and in Cases of wilful Default made in the Delivery of any Accounts or Vouchers, by any of the particular Receivers of the Rents of the Crown, or in the Payment of any Balance due from them, or any of them, upon die Foot of their Accounts, it shall and may be lawful to ruul for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to suspend any of such Receivers from the further Receipt of any Rents or Revenues in their Collection, so that every such Suspension shall be forthwith certified by the said Commissioners unto the Chancellor and Barons of the Exchequer, who shall and may direct any other Person or Persons to collect and receive the Rents and Revenues in the Charge of the Receiver or Receivers so suspended, and to take and enjoy the Salaries, and other Fees and Emoluments of Office, appertaining to such Receipt and Collection, during the Continuance of such Suspension; and every such Suspension shall remain and continue in full force until the said Chancellor and Barons, by their Order, to be made upon the Submission of the Party or Parties so suspended to account for and pay the Balance due from him or them, shall think fit or direct, to take off and discontinue the same; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be examined upon Oath or Affirmation, or shall make any Affidavit or Deposition, on Oath or Affirmation, touching or concerning any of the Matters or Things by this Act directed to be done or enquired into, shall be guilty of falsely and wilfully swearing or affirming to any Matter or Thing, which, if the same had been sworn or affirmed in any Cause or Suit depending in any of his Majesty's Courts, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are provided against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners appointed by this Act, or either of them, shall decline to ait in the Execution of the Powers and Trusts hereof, or, having begun to ail therein, shall depart this Life during the Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under his Royal Sign Manual, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Place of the Commissioners so declining to ail, or dying as aforesaid, as his Majesty shall think fit, and so often as such Case shall happen; and the Person or Persons so constituted and appointed by his Majesty, having first qualified to ail by taking and subscribing the Oath herein before provided and directed, shall be invested with the same Powers and Authorities as are given or delegated by this Act unto the said Commissioner or Commissioners constituted by this Act respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Appointments of Commissioners in the Land Revenue, made or authorised to be made by this Act, shall not be deemed or taken to be within the Intent or Purview of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty* Person and Government^ and of the Si^cccjfon of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Liney whereby to vacate the feat in Parliament of either of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or to be hereafter appointed, by virtue of this Act, or to disqualify any such Commissioner from being eleiled, or fitting, or voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to give unto the said Commissioners hereby appointed any Power or Authority to make any Enquiry into, or otherwise to interfere with, any of his Majesty's Royal Palaces, or any Houses occupied by any of the Royal Family, or the Forests, Parks, Lands, or Grounds of his Majesty, adjoining or contiguous to and occupied with any of such Palaces or Houses respectively, unless in Obedience to any Commands of his Majesty, to be for that Purpose signified under his Majesty's Royal Sign Manual.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from and immediately after it shall have received his Majesty's Royal Assent, and shall (continue in force for the Term of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Afaria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to his Majesty and this Country.

[1000l. for their Lives from Jan. 1, 1785.]

203

PncefTei to be

ifluid against Defaulters here* in,

and if the Default b; wilful, the Commissioners may fuf-pcnJ ihcu), &c.

Person® making fa lie Oaths incur the Penalties of wilful Perjury.

His Majesty to appoint Commissioners in place of such aa may die. or decline to act.

Appointment to the Commission not to vacate % Seat in Parliament, or disqualify from being elected.

Commiflmnera not to be hereby authorised to enquire into Royal Palaces or adjoining Lands.

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

204

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786

C. 89.

Preamble, rrcitinf *5 Geo. }. c. 67.

from July io, 1786, such Tools used in the Iron and Steel Manufactures,&c. may be exported, as might have been bstore parting recited Act, except the Articles bciein specified.

No Person to have in Ported, lion, with intent toeip^rt (except to Ireland) any of the Arti- lea he ein specified. Recited Act so far as relates to Exporters of Articles therein enumerated, to extc id to Exporters of Articles specified in this Art. Continuance of this Art,

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts of Pools and Utensils. wade use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom \ and to prevent the /educing of Artificers or Workmen, emplyed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts of Pools and Utcnji 's made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing [ of Artificers or Workm n emplo y.v/ in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas)) it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That if any Personor Persons in Great Britain should,

upon any Pretence whatever, export, load, or put on board, or pack, or caute or procure to be laden, put on beard, or packed, in order to be laden or put on board of any Ship or Vessel which should be bound to lbme Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas (except to Ireland); or should lade, or cause or procure to be laden,

on board any Boat or other Vessel, or should bring, or cause to be brought, to any Quay, Wharf, or other Place, in order to be so laden or put on board any such Ship or Vessel, any Tool or Utensil therein particularly mentioned, or any 01 her Tool or Utensil whatever, which then were, or at any Time or Times there- after should or might be used in, or proper for the preparing, working, finishing, or completing of the Iron or Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, or either of them, by what Name or Names soever the same should be called or known; or any Model or Plan, or Models or Plans, of any such Tool, Utensil, or implement, or any Part or Parts thereof; the Person or Persons so offending should, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose all such Tools or Utensils, or Parts or Parcels thereof, together with the Packages, and all other Goods packed therewith: And whereas the general Prohibition of the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom may be productive of Inconvenience ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall and may be lawful to export from Great Britain to the British Islands in the West Indies, or to any other foreign Part or Place whatever, any Tools or Utensils made tile of in the Iron or Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, which might have been legally exported before the parting of the before recited Act (except the several Articles herein after particularly enumerated; that is to say. Rollers, either plain, grooved, or of any other Form or Denomination, of cart Iron, wrought Iron, or Steel, for the rolling of Iron, or any Sort of Metals, and Frames, Beds, Pillars, Screws, Pinions, and each and every Implement, Tool, or Utensil thereunto belonging; Rollers, Slitters, Frames, Beds, Pillars, and Screws for Slitting Mills; Presses of all Sorts in Iron, Steel, or other Metals, which are used with a Screw exceeding one Inch and a Half in Diameter; or any Parts of these several Articles, or any Model or Models of any of the before mentioned Utensils, Implements, and Machines, or any Part or Parts thereof; and all Sorts of Utensils, Engine*, or Machines used in the carting or boring of Cannon, or any Sort of Artillery, or any Parts thereof, or any Model or Models of Tools, Utensils, Engines, or Machines used in carting or boring of Cannon, or any Sort of Artillery, or any Parts thereof; Hand Stamps, Dog-head Stamps, Pulley Stamps, Hammers and Anvils for Stamps, Prelles of all Sorts called Cutting-out Preffcs, Beds and Puncnes to be used therewith; Piercing PretVes of all Sorts, Beds and Punches to be used therewith, either in Parts or Pieces, or fitted to-

fether; Scoring or Shading Engines, Prelies for Horn Buttons, Dies for Horn Buttons, Rolled Metal with ilver thereon, Parts of Buttons not fitted up into Buttons, or in an unhnished State; Engines for Chafing, Stocks for carting Buckles, Buttons, and Rings; Die-linking Fools of all Sorts, Engines for making Button Shanks, Laps of all Sorts, Tools for pinching of Gluis, Engines for covering 6f Whips, Bars of Metals covered with Gold or Silver, Burnishing Stones commonly called Bhod Stines, either in the rough State or tinished for Use); any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any-w.fe notwithstanding.

IT And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, to export to Parts beyond the Seas (except to Ireland), or to' have in his or their possession with the Intent so ro export, any of the Tools and Utensils herein after mentioned; that is to say. Wire Moulds for making Paper; Wheels made of Metal, Stone, or Wood, for cutting, roughing, smoothing, polishing, and engraving Glass; Purcellas, Pincers, Sheers, and Pipes, used in blowing Glals; Potters W heels and Potters Lathes for plain, round, and for Engine-turning Tools, used by Sadlers, Harnds-makers, and Bridle-makers, namely, Cantle-straioers, Side-drainers, Point-rtrainers, Creating-irons. Screw creators, Wheel-irons, Seat-irons, Pricking-irons, Bolltering-irons, Clams, Head-knives; and that the said recited Act, so far as the same concerns the Exporters or Possessbrs of the Tools and Utensils therein enumerated or described, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to all and every the Exporters or Port’d tors of the Tools and Utensils herein enumerated or described, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

2GJJ

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. go—93.

CAP. XC.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt-, and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts, and also on Mineral Alkali or Flux for Clajs, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt to be used in manuring of Lands, as relates to the obtaining Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, or Brine, or SeaWater, for the Purpose of making Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, Duty free.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Salt; and certain Duties upon Glauber or Epsom Salts; and also on Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, made from Salt; and to prevent Frauds in the Duties on Foul Salt, to be used in manuring of Lands; it was, amongst other Thing?, enacted, That a Duty of twenty Shillings should be payable for every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, which, from and after the twenty-second Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty- two, (hou^d be made of any Rock Salt or Salt Rock, or from any Brine or Sea Water, in Great Britain, c and after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Manu- fafturer or Manufacturers of such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, upon obtaining such Licence as directed by the said Act: And whereas great Frauds are daily committed by Persons pretending to make such Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, to the great Injury and Diminution of his Majesty's Duties on Salt; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, such Part of the said recited Act as relates to the obtaining of Rock Salt or Salt Rock, Duty-free, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose of making a Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, except as herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Glass Maker or Glass Makers to have and take any Rock Salt or Salt Rock, or Brine, or Sea Water, for the Purpose only of making a Flux for Glass, at his or their respective Glass Work or Glass Works, and not elsewhere, upon paying such and the like Duty, and obtaining such and the like Licence as is in the said Act mentioned, and subject and liable to the like Directions, Regulations, Provisions, and Penalties, as if they were severally enumerated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or release any Duties due and payable, or any Seizures, Securities, or Penalties made, entered into, or incurred before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, or any Prosecution, Information, or Suit depending, or hereafter to be brought, for any Offence or Offences committed against that Part of the said Act intended to be hereby repealed.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for making perpetual an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating Mad-houses.

[14 Geo. 3. r. 49. made perpetual.]

CAP. XCII.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, c An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money, by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Appren- tices; so far as toe same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned.

44 24 Geo. 3. c. 42. recited, and so much thereof as relates to the preventing unlawful pawning of Goods, and the easy Redemption of Pawns, continued from its Expiration to the End of the next Session."

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook IFatfon Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office.

[500l. Annuity to Brook Watson Esquire, for the Life of Helen IFation, his Wife.]

CAP.

Preamble, reciting 21 Geo. 3. c. 39. in Part.

From Aug. j. 1786, such Part of recited Act as relate' to obtaining, Duty free, Rock Salt, Arc. for making a f lux for Glafr, to be repealed.

Glass Maker*

may take Rock Salt, &c. for making a Flux for Giaf?, at the r own Glas* Works, upon the Terms of the rrcited Act.

This Act not extend to Dutiea due, and Seizures

mvle, 6cc. be fire Aug. 1, 1786.

££>6 C. 94 - 100. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on his Majesty's Gunpowder Works and Mills near the Town of Faversham, and for the better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of Acts of Parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners, and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to provide that the Proceedings now depending in the House of Commons upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Warren Hastings Esquire, late Governor General of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be dheontinued by any Prorogation or Diiiolutiou of Parliament.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six. 3,000,000l.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Aclto indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify

Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to ascertain the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the Issues of Money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the Payment of certain Pensions at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

u 22 Geo. 3. c. 82. recited. Treasury to pay the usual Fees on Pensions transferred from Treasury and Pension Office to the Exchequer, to Officers thereof. Officers of Exchequer may demand Fees on

4C Pensions granted, or to be granted, since the recited Act. On Death of the Auditor, bV. die Fees to

46 be applied to the Purposes of the said Act."

CAP. C.

An Act to prevent occasional Inhabitants from voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for Cities and Boroughs, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Dominion of Wales.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it frequently happens, in Cities and Boroughs where the Right of Election of Mem- bers to serve in Parliament is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, or in the Inhabitants House- holders, Housekeepers, and Pot-wallers, legally settled, or in the Inhabitants Householders, Housekeepers, and Pot-wallers, or in the Inhabitants Householders Refiants, or in the Inhabitants within such Cities or Boroughs, that much Trouble, Expence, and Litigation is created by occasional Voters, to the great Prejudice of the real Inhabitants, who bear the Burthens of such Cities and Boroughs, and to whom the Right of fending Members to Parliament belongs For Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[-Any Person vot- mons,

That, from and after the ing at an Inha- first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, noiteffon shall be admitted to vote at bitant, paying any £lection of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for arr^City or Borough of that Part of Great who shall not^C* Britain called England, or the Dominion of Waies, as an Inhabitant paying Scotland Lot, or as an In-have been so fix habitant Householder, Housekeeper, and Pot-waller legally settled, or as an Inhabitant Householder, House-Months previous keeper, and Pot-waller, or as an Inhabitant Householder Refiant, or as an Inhabitant of such City or to the Eleaion, Borough, unless he shall have been actually and bona fide an Inhabitant paying Scotland Lot, or an Inha-to forfeit 20l. bitant Householder, Housekeeper, and Potwalier, legally settled, or an Inhabitant Householder, House-keeper, and Pot-waller, or an Inhabitant Householder Refiant, or an Inhabitant within such City or Borough six Calendar Months previous to the Day of the Election at which he shall tender his Vote; and tf any Person

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 101.

shall vote at any such Election, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, his Vote shall be deemed null and void, and he shall forfeit to any Person who shall sue for the fime, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by him or her, by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Imparlance shall be admitted or allowed; and in every such Action the Proof of Inhabitancy, as aforesaid, shall lie upon the Person against whom the same shall be brought: Provided nevertheless, That such Action be commenced within six Calendar Months after the Cause of Action accrued: Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person acquiring the Possession of any House, in any City or Borough, by Descent, Devise, Marriage, or Marriage Settlement, or Promotion to any Oince or Benefice.

II. Provided also, and be it further etiafted, That this Act shall relate only to those Persons who claim to exercise the Franchise of voting as Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, or as Inhabitants Householders, Housekeepers, and Pot-wallers, legally settled, or as Inhabitants Householders, Housekeepers, and Pot-wallers, or as Inhabitants Householders Refiants, or as Inhabitants within such Cities or Boroughs, and shall not extend to any other Description of Persons who may claim to vote at any Election for Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities or Boroughs, by any other Title, or by any other superadded Qualification.

CAP. CI.

An Act for erecting certain Light-houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

WHEREAS it would conduce greatly to the Security of Navigation and the Fisheries, if four Light-houses were erected in the Northern Parts of Great Britain; one at KinnaircTs Head, in the County of Aberdeen; one on the Island of North Raniijha, in the Orkneys; one on the Point of Scalpa, in the Island of Herries; and a fourth on the Mull of Kintyre: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prolent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's Advocate and Solicitor General for Scotland; the Lord Provost, and eldest Bailie of Edinburgh; the Lord Provod, and elded Bailie of Ghij\ow, the Provods of Aberdeen, Inverness, and Campbeltown \ the Sheriffs Depute of the Counties of Edinburgh, Lanark, Renfrew, Bute, Argyle, Inverness, Rosi, Orkney, Cult briefs, and Aberdeen, for the Time being, or any five of them, which Number is hereby declared to be a Quorum, who are hereby appointed Commissioners or Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, to contract and agree with the Owners or Proprietors of Lands, lying and situated at the Places aforesaid, and most convenient for erecting the said Light-houses, for so much Land as may be necessary for that Purpose, and shall pay such Rate and Consideration for the same, as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners or Trustees, and the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands, either by absolute Putchale, or by Payment of a Rent, or certain annual Sum for the same.

II. And whereas it may happen that some of the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of such Land,

which may be necessary for erecting the said Light-houses, may infill upon too high Prices or Rents for the same, or through Infancy, Minority, Defect of the Title Deeds, Incumbrances, Debts, or other Disabilities or causes, it may be difficult to obtain valid and legal Rights to some of the Properties necessary to be used for these Purposes;* for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Heritages shall be under any of the Circumstances before described, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to apply to the Sheriff Depute of the County where such Lands and Heritages shall respectively lie, who, upon such Application, is hereby impowered and required to order a Visitation and Inspection of such Lands and Heritages, and to call before him the respective Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers thereof, or the Trustees, Tutors, or Curators, or others having the Charge and Administration of the Affairs of such Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, requiring them, within a limited Time, to shew Cause why such Lands and Heritages may not be alienated, granted, or leased for the Purposes aforesaid; and thereupon the said Sheriff shall proceed to hear the said Parties, and to pronounce Sentence upon the said Matter as shall be reasonable and just: Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by the Sentence of the said Sheriff, that it shall and may be lawful to such Person or Persons to apply, by Petition, to the Lords of Council and Session to have such Sentence reviewed, altered, or amended, and the Lords of Session are hereby impowered and required to* proceed and determine therein summarily, without abiding the Course of any Roll: Provided always, That such Application be made to the Lords of Session within twenty-one Days after the Date of the Sheriff's sentence, if the Court be then lilting, or within lix Days after the Meeting of the said Court.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon Trial it shall appear to the said Sheriff, that the same may be alienated, granted, or leased, without Hurt or Prejudice of the said Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, and shall be lb found and declared, then, for ascertaining the Value or Consideration, or Rent to be paid for the said Lands and Heritages, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Sheriff, and he is hereby impowered and required, after the elapling of the said Space in which the Persons who may think themselves aggrieved are allowed, to apply to the Court of Session for Redrels aforesaid; or in cale of any such Application, after a Decree of the laid Lords shall be extracted thereupon, to summon and impannel a competent Number of discreet, substantial, and disinterested Persons of the County in which the Lands are situated, not leis than twenty, nor more than forty, and out of such Persons so summoned aiu returned, to

7 name

207

but not *0 extend to Person* acquiring Hoffelhon by De-Icer', &c. nor to Person* ri.iminga Right to vote under any other Description than Inhabitants pay* ing Scotland hot, dec.

[Preamble.]

Any five of the Commissioners hereby appointed may agree for Lands for ereA-ing Light-houses in the Northern Part* of Great Britain,

Sh-riffr Depute to orcicr Inflection of Lands where Distrr-e ces arise relative to Pme, dec.

Appeal may be

mov-d tr in the Sheriff to the Lora:' of Session.

Sheriffs to summon Jo riec to decer;r.ine the Value ol Land!.

by

2c8

Sheriffs to order Payment of Sums awarded by Verdict of J uries, &c.

Commissioner* to appoint Collectors.

Commissionws to erect Light-housei, See,

When Light-houset are completed, the Duties following to be paid by Ships passing them t

For every Brbifli Vessel, i d. Sterling per Ton t

If foreign* 2d. per Ton.

Confederation Money for bands to be paid out of <the Duties.

Annual Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements to be sent to the Treasury, See,

Commissioneri may borrow x.oooo 1. a&d the Expences or this Arty i n Credit of the Duties,

C. toi. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

name and appoint a Jury of fifteen Persons, each of them possessed of an Estate of fifty Pounds Scots valued Rent in the County, to come and appear before him, at such Time and Place as by his Warrant or Precept shall be d;rented, and to receive such Evidence as shall by either Party be brought before him; and the said Sheriff shall examine the said Evidence upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby authorised and impowered to administer), touching the Value, Consideration, or Rent, to be paid to the respective Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands or Heritages, necessary for erecting the said Light-houses; and the Verdict of the said Jury shall be final and conclusive: Provided always, That all Parties concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tint the said Sheriff Depute shall, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon such Verdict given, to order Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money', or the Rents or certain annual Sums, and to ordain the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of such Lanas and Heritages, or their Trustees, Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, to convey, grant, or lease to the said Commissioners or Trustees, all such Lands and Heritages for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contrasts, Agreements, Sales, Leases, or other Conveyances, made or directed to be made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and ail Trustees, Tutors or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, or Incumbrancers, subject to Tailzies, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of, or in pursuance of this Act: Provided always, That the Price, Consideration, Feu-duty, Rents, or annual Sum, to be paid for the said Lands, shall be settled or veiled in Trustees, so as to defeend and be devised to the same Heirs of Tailzie, and be subject to all such Trusts, Conditions, and Limitations, as are contained in the original Settlements, Deeds, or Tailzies, of the respective Lands so conveyed ior the Purpolbs aforesaid.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees to chuse and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, Clerks or Collectors for levying the Duties herein after-mentioned, and such other Officers as they shall judge necessary to be employed under them, for carrying thus Act into Execution, and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of them, and to appoint others in their Stead, and to settle such Fees or Salaries to such Clerks, Collectors, and other Officers, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or Trustees to erect, or cause to be crcdted, upon the foresaid Lands, proper Light-houses, with such other Buildings and Conveniences as to them shall appear necessary; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, Brealts or Wharfs for landing Coals or Fuel for burning in such Light-houses, or any Materials necessary for the building and maintaining the same; and also to make, or cause to be made, Roads from the said Breads or Wharfs to the said Light-houses.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time such Light-houses shall be finished, in such Manner as to have the proper Lights or Signals put up therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or for such Persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from all and every the Mailers and Owners of every Ship or decked Vessel, the Sums following; (that is to say),

From every British Ship or decked Vessel, navigated according to Law, which shall pass any of the said Light-houses, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be outward or homeward bound, or on a foreign Voyage, or failing Coastwise, a Sum not exceeding one Penny Sterling per Ton:

And for every foreign Ship or decked Vessel, passing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding two Pence SterEng per Ton.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or Trustees shall, out of the Duties hereby granted, satisfy and pay to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of the said Lands, on which the said Light-houses are to be erected, the Consideration, Feu-duty, or Rent agreed or awarded to be oaid for the same.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall keep and enter, in proper Books, Minutes of their Proceedings, and fair, just, and true Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of all Monies which shall be received or expended by them in consequence of this Act, and shall cause to be made out and properly authenticated, once in every Year, four Copies of the said Accounts, whereof one shall be transmitted to the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury; two to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at Edinburgh, to be presented by them to both Houses of Parliament; and one to be delivered to the annual Convention of the Royal Boroughs in Scotland,

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners or Trustees shall be, and they are hereby impowered and declared to have full Power and lawful Authority, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any Mortgage or Mortgages, or any Act or Acts, Deed or Deeds, under their Hands duly executed, to borrow or take up, at a Rate of Interest not exceeding the lawful Interest at the Time of the Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and Credit of the Duties granted by this Act, for answering the Expences of making the Works aforesaid, and such further Sum as shall be sufficient to discharge the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act; and may aTign such Duties to any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, who shall furnish or advance such Money, or any Part thereof, as a Security for Repayment of the same.

e

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. igi.

209

XI. And; to the Intent the Duties may be duly answered and paid/ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collectors of his Majesty's Customs, Comptrollers, Receivers of Entries, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters, and all other Officers of the Customs whatsoever, or their respective Deputies or Clerks, at any of the Ports, Harbours, or Places of Great Britain, shall not, after the Commencement of the said Duties, take or receive any Entry or Cocquet, or other Discharge or Clearance, or take any Report outwards, for any Shin or Vessel liable or subject to the said Duties, until the said Duties shall be paid, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, to the respective Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners or Trustees to receive the same, and until such respective Matter or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, subject to the said Payment thereof, shall shew to such respective Officer a Receipt for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner or Matter, or any Person having the Charge Qr Command of any such Ship or chips, Vessel or Vessels, charged or chargeable with any of the Duties granted by this Act shall refuse to pay the same, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or the Collector or Collectors, or other Persons to be appointed by them, to seize, take, and detain, preferable to, and notwithstanding any Right of Hypothecation, Attachment, Arrestment, or other Right whatsoever, claimable by or due to any Person, any of the Goods, Merchandize, Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, of or belonging to any such Ship or Vessel, and the same to detain and keep until the said Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Delay in Payment of the said Duties for the Space of three Days after such seizing, taking, or detaining, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Duties, or such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall authorise and appoint, to cause the same to be appraised by two or more sufficient Persons or sworn Appraisers, and afterwards to sell and dispose of the Goods so taken and appraised, and thereout to satisfy the said Duties so neglected to be paid, together with the Charges of such seizing, taking, detaining, and felling the same, shall be ascertained by the said Seizers, upon Oath, rendering to the Matters or Owners of such Ship or Vessel the Overplus (if any there be) on Demand: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any of the Ships or Vessels belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any Vessel or Wherry employed in the Service of his Majesty's Revenue, or any Ships or Vessels employed in the Greenland at other Northern Whale Fishery, or going to Archangel in Russia ^ot returning from thence, provided the said Ships return before the fifteenth Day of September in each Year.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Ship or Vessel, whether outward or homeward bound, or failing Coastways, shall pay more than one Penny or two Pence as aforesaid, although the said Ship or Vessel shall have, in the Course of the said Voyage, passed more than one of the said Light-houses.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the four Light-houses aforesaid are built and lighted in a proper Manner* Notice thereof shall be given by the Commissioners or Trustees three several Times in the Lsndon Gazette, and in all the Edinburgh Newspapers; and the said Duty on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels patting the said Light-houses shall only commence and be exigible one Calendar Month after the Date of such first Notice in the said Gazette and Newspapers.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Light-houses and other Buildings shall be vetted in the said Trustees or Commissioners, who shall, from Time to Time, keep and maintain the same in good and sufficient Repair, and shall in the Night Season maintain a proper Fire or Light therein, so as the Trade, Navigation, and the Fisheries may be effectually benefited, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees, out of the said Duties granted by this Act, to pay all just and reasonable Sums of Money and Charges that shall or may be expended in erecting, maintaining, and supporting the said Light-houses, and Fire or Light to be kept therein, together with all other Charges which shall be proper and necessary for executing the aforesaid Trust, and the interest of all such Sums from the respective Times of advancing the same until Reimbursement, with the Charges of collecting and recovering the Duties aforesaid, and likewise to the Discharge of the Principal of the said Sums.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Surplus shall remain, after the several Payments herein before directed to be made, the same shall, once in every Year, be vetted in feme one or other of the public Funds of the Kingdom, and shall be allowed, together with its Interest, to accumulate until the yearly Interest of the same shall amount to a Sum equal to the whole Expence attending die. said Light-houses; and that, how soon the said Interest shall amount to the Sum necessary for the Purposes of the said Light-houses, then, and in that Case, the Sums that shall have been heretofore payable by the several Ships and Vessels patting the said Light-houses, shall ipso faflo cease, determine, and be no longer payable.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Commissioners or Trustees, at their annual General Meeting to be herein after appointed, shall find that the Payment of the several Duties aforesaid bears particularly hard on any Ships or Vessels, by reason of the said Ships or Vessels patting frequently in the same Year some one or other of the said Light-houses, and being employed in a Trade which cannot bear a frequent Repetition of the said Duties, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or Trustees, on a Representation from the Matters or Owners of the said Ships or Vessels, or of the Persons concerned in the said Trade, and on the Truth of the Allegations contained in the said Representation being proved to the '"Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Trustees, to compound with, or agree by the Year with the Matters or Owners of the said Ships or Vessels for a letter Sum than the Duties per Ton exigible at the Time would amount to.

26 Geo. III.

No Entry of Ship' liable to the Duty to be recrived, onlefi a Receipt for the same be produced.

Goods may be

feixed if Dutiea are not paid,

Exemption from Duties in favour of the Royal Navy, 6c.

Vessels passing more than one Light-house, to pay Duty only once.

Duties not payable till a Month after Notice of the Light-housei being completed*

Light-houses to be vested in tbt Commissioners, Arc,

Surplus of Duti® to be vested in the Fundi, and when fuflicienC to the Expencef of the Light-houses, Duti® to cease.

Commissionere may compound for Duties.

310

Meetings of Commissioners*

Defendants may plead this Act, and to be intitled to Double Casts.

Sheriffi, See, to assist in the Execution o!' this

a a.

Politick Ad.

C. 102 - 105. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

XVIII. And, for carrying this Act into Execution,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be a General Meeting of the said Commissioners or Trustees, held at Edinburgh on the firli Tuesday of August^ in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eiehty-iix, and in every subsequent Year on the Tuesday of the Week in which the General Convention of the Royal Boroughs in Scotland is held; which Meetings shall have Power to adjourn from Time to Time: Provided always, That all Alterations in the Rates of the Duties to be paid as aforesaid shall be made at one of the said General Meetings, and the Accounts audited and passed at the said General Meetings.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case any Suit or Action shall be commenced against the said Commissioners or Trusttes, or any other Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in such Suit or Action, may produce tfus Ad, and plead that the said Things were done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear so to be done, that then the Defendants shall be absolved from every such Suit, Action or Actions, and shall have Double Costs and Expences in the Defence thereof awarded to them, from and against the Prosecutor or Prosecutors of the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executors of the Law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and aififting in putting this Act into due and effectual Execution.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed^ taken, Xnd allowed, in all Courts of Law or Equity, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices of such Courts are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’S

Reign^r impowei'in^ the Commissioners for putting in Execution the several Acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares.) Streets, and Lanes, within the Gty and Liberty of Westminster, and Pans adjacent, to collect certain Tolls on Sundays upon the everal Roads therein mentioned and apply the same for the Purposes of the said Acts.

CAP. CIII.

An Act for assessing the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Office for victualling his Majesty's Navy, for their Salaries, and the Profits of their respective Offices, to the Land Tax, in the Manor of East Smithfield\ in the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, notwithstanding the Removal of the said Office into any other Division or Place.

Officers of Victualling Office to continue to be assessed to the Land Tax in East Smithfield^ on the Re- moval of the Office; but one Fourth of the Assessment for Appointments created lince February 44 1692, and the Whole for those from December 25, 1785, to be paid to the Division to which the Office may be removed."

CAP. CIV.

An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within thclfie of Anglesey.

Drawbacks to be allowed of all Duties paid for Coals used for smelting Copper and Lead Ores, Isle, in Anglesey; but not to exceed 1,500l. in one Year."

CAP. CV.

An Act for continuing the Salaries and Profits of the Commissioners, Clerks, and other Officers of the Pay Office and Navy Office respectively, rateable to the Land Tax, in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the City of London, notwithstanding the said Offices should be removed into any other Division or Place.

Officers of the Navy Pay Office, and Navy Office, to continue to be assessed to the Land Tax in the Wards of Broad Street and Tower, though the Offices be removed. One Fourth of the Assessment for Appointments created since February 15, 1692, and the Whole for those created since December 25, 1785, to be paid to the District to which the Offices may be removed."

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. I06. 111

CAP. CVI.

An Act for incorporating certain Persons therein named, by the Name and Stile of Tbs British Society for extending the FisherUs, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom \ and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a Joint Stock, and therewith to purchase Lands, and build thereon Free Towns, Villages, and Fishing Stations in the Highlands and Islands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland and for other Purposes.

WHEREAS the building of Free Towns, Villages, Harbours, Quays, Piers, and Fishing Sta- preamble.

tions, in the Highlands and Islands of North Britain, will greatly contribute to the Improvement of

Fisheries, Agriculture, Manufactures, and other useful Objects of Industry in that Part of the Kingdom, in which the dispersed Situation of the Inhabitants hath hitherto proved a great Impediment to their active Ex errions; and their being collected into Fishing Towns and Villages would be the Means of forming a Nur-4, fery of hardy Seamen for his Majesty's Navy, and the Defence of the Kingdom: And whereas the finding immediate Employment at Home for great Numbers of People, would be the Means of putting a Stop to die dangerous Spirit of Emigration now prevailing, and likely to prevail in a great Degree, to the Depo- pulation of that Part of his Majesty's Dominions, and Loss to the Kingdom of many of his Majesty's useful Subjects: And whereas an Undertaking for these laudable Purposes cannot be so conveniently or effectually carried on unless a considerable Joint Stock be raised for that Purpose: And whereas several Persons have already formed themselves into a Society, and subscribed considerable Sums for carrying the Purposes above V mentioned into Execution, but are apprehensive that Difficulties may arise, as well in recovering Debts which niay grow due to the Joint Stock, as in defending Suits or Actions which may be commenced or brought against the Subscribers for any Matter or Thing relative to the Joint Society, as by Law all the several Subscribers and Proprietors in the Joint Society mutt, in such cases, both sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, by their several distinct Names and Descriptions, and to prevent the several Subscribers from becoming liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums beyond their respective Shares in such Capital Joint Stock; therefore, for the moreeafily carrying into Execution the several Undertakings herein before mentioned, and for avoiding the Difficulties aforesaid, the said Society are desirous of being incorporated,

and having a Common Seal and Name, by which they may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Most Noble John Duke of Argyle, the Member of the Most N oble John Duke of Athol, the Right Honourable George Campbell common] y called Marquis of Lorn, the Corporation. Right Honourable James Graham commonly called Marquis of Graham, the Right Honourable Archibald Earl of Eglinton, the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moray, the Right Honourable James Earl of Abercorn, the Right Honourable John Earl of Breadalbane, the Right Honourable John Earl of Dunmore, the Right Honourable Anthony Earl of Kin tore, the Right Honourable Adam Gordon commonly called Lord Adam Gordon, the Right Honourable Frederick Campbell commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, the Right Honourable George Leveson Gower, commonly called Earl Gower, the Right Honourable Lord Macdonald, the Right Honourable Henry Dundas, the Honourable Major General James Murray, the Honourable Archibald Frafer\ Sir Harbord Harbord Baronet, Sir Hugh Munro Baronet, Sir Adam Ferguffbn Baronet, Sir James Riddell Baronet, Sir Robert Herries Knight, Sir George Young Knight, Ilay Campbell Esquire, Archibald Macdonald Esquire, Captain Colin CampbelL Neil Malcolm, Francis Humberstone Mackenzie, George Demp/ler,

John Hamilton Demp/ler, Duncan Campbell of LochnelL, Kenneth Murchifon, George Steuart, John Mackenzie af Bijhaffgate Street London, Kenneth Mackenzie of Terridan, Major James Munro, Angus Macaulay, Colonel John Small, John Miller, John Call, Henry Beat say, John Macgillivray, John Knox, John Mackenzie of Lentron, George Cuthbert, Lewis Cuthbert, Alan Cameron, Lieutenant John Mackay, Alexander Anderson,

Isaac Hawkins Brown, Patrick Home, Captain Donald Campbell, Thomas Hoby, James Frafer, William Wilberforce, Duncan Campbell of Mi aching Lane London, Alexander Blair, John Campbell, David Dale,

Alexander Rojs, Duncan Davidson, David Mitchell Captain William Frafer, Kenneth Mackenzie of Gower Street London, Alexander Pringle, J, S. F, Frafer, James Webster, David Ivebjler,

Callender late of Bombay, David Anderson, General Fletcher Campbell, John Ogilvie, Thomas Lon glands.

Lieutenant General Henry Fletcher, Adam Drummond, Alexander Frafer, Robert Grant, William Grant,

Zohn Paijly, Thomas Ogilvie, William Hamilton, James Stewart, Alexander Mackintosh, Robert Fairfull, Lieutenant Roderick Mackenzie, John Grant, Thomas Miles Riddell, Lieutenant General Richard Prescott,

Lieutenant General Edward Maxwell, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and every other Person or Persons, who shall hereafter, either in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, in Right of any other Person or Persons, become Proprietors of, or interested in any Part or Sum of the said Joint Capital Stock or Fund herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby made a distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, by the Name or Stile of The British So- Corporate ciety for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this kingdom \ and that by the above Name Name* they shall have Succession and a Common Seal, and that they and their Successors may, from Time to Time, break, alter, or make new or change such Common Seal, as shall be found most expedient; and that the said Society shall be able and capable in Law, and shall haveperfeft and full Power and Ability in Law, to have,

ai2

Bodies corporate, &c. may sell and convey, Lands.

Capital Joint Stock.

Stock to be divided into Shares.

Votes according |0 S hates.

Shares held by more than one Person.

Shares held by Pro*y.

C. 106. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

purchase, receive, take, and enjoy Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of what Kind, Nature, or Quality soever.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey to the said Society, any Lands, Tenements, of Hereditaments, for the Use and Benefit of the said Society; and that the said Society shall have Power and Ability in Law to grant, fell, demise, alien, or dispose of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, at their Will and Pleasure, and in their Corporate Name shall and maybe able in Law to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered, in any Court of Record or elsewhere, in all causes and Actions whatsoever, for, touching, or concerning the said Corporation.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society to raise a Capital Joint Stock, to be applied to purchasing or otherwise acquiring Lands atvd Tenements in Perpetuity, and for the building of Free Towns and Villages, Harbours, Quays, Piers, and Fishing Stations, on such Lands so purchased or acquired, and on no other Lands or Tenements whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, at fjch-Time and in such Proportions as at any General Court or Courts of the said Society to be holden in pursuance of this AdHhali be directed; and that the same shall be divided into a Number of Shares, each Share not exceeding the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling; and that no one Person subscribing shall become Proprietor of more than ten Shares, in his, her, or their Names, otherwise than by Bequest or Operation of Law; and if it shall so happen, that any Number of Persons subscribing, are actually Members of a Joint Partnership in Business, they shall jointly be considered as one Name or Person, holding a Share or Shares not exceeding ten in Number, for any one Joint Partnership, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, her, or them (except the same shall come to him, her, or them, by Devise, Bequest, Marriage, or Adfc of Law), upon rain of forfeiting to the said Society all such Shares, exceeding ten Shares as aforesaid; and the Money so to be raised is hereby appointed to be applied in the Purchase of Lands, as aforesaid, and for the Purpose of building, by publick advertised Contracts, Free Towns and Villages, Harbours, Quays, Piers, and Fishing Stations thereupon: Provided always, That it shall in no Case be lawful for the said Society to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever; and they are hereby prohibited from borrowing the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, or such Sum as shall be raised, by the Persons herein before named, or by such Person or Persons as may hereafter become a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Society, so divided into Shares of fifty Pounds Sterling each Share, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the several Persons herein before described, and their several respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, for their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionally to the Sum they and each of them shall severally subscribe and pay thereunto; and ail and every of the said Shares shall be deemed to be personal Estate, and transmitted as such, and not of the Nature of real Property; and all and every Person or Persons, their several and respective Executor or Executors, Administrators and Afltgns, who shall severally subscribe the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, or such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in Part thereof, towards establishing and carrying into Execution the Undertakings of the said Society, shall be intitled to and receive the entire and neat Distribution of the Profits and Advantages which shall or may arise or accrue by virtue of the said Sum and Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, and received by the Authority of this Act, and so in Proportion for any greater Number of Shares, not exceeding ten Shares as aforesaid; and every Person or Persons having such Property of one Share of the said undertaking, and so in Proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum of Money towards carrying on the said Undertaking, in Manner herein alter enacted, directed, and appointed, such Sum or Sums not exceeding such Share or Shares as any Person or Persons shall have subscribed to the Capital Stock of the Society.

V. And to the End that all Matters and Things touching or relating to the establishing and carrying on the said Society, may be managed and conduced in the mod beneficial Manner ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall have subscribed for one Share of the Joint Stock, his or her respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in every or any publick Meeting or Assembly to be held as herein after directed for carrying on the Business of the said Society, shall have Liberty, by him or her, or by his or her Proxy, under his or her Hand, to give for one or two Shares, one Vote, and no more; for three or four Shares, two Votes, and no more; for five, fix, or seven Shares, three Votes, and no more; for eight or nine Shares, four Votes, and no more; for ten Shares, five Votes, and no more; and whatever Question of Election, or other Question whatsoever, shall be proposed, difeufled, or considered, in any publick Assembly or Meeting to be held under and by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority of V otes then present in Person or by Proxy, qualified as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, in case more Persons than one shall incline to hold in their joint Names one or more Shares of the said Joint Stock, one only of such Persons shall be intfoled to vote when present, according to the Priority of their Names in the original Subscription, or they may in the Absence of the Whole give their Vote or Votes determined by Proxy, as herein before mentioned, to be appointed by a Majority of the said Joint Subscribers under their Hands; and that all Bodies Politick and Corporate, who shall be Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock, shall be intitled in like Manner to vote by Proxy, duly constituted under their Corporate Seal.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as Proxy, unless he be a Proprietor, and that no one Proprietor shall hold more than five Votes by Proxy.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106. 213

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Book or Books for Subscriptions shall be SubscriptioM to provided within one Month after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; in which entered in a

be subscribed by the Members of the said Society, and that none of

Book or Books the said Joint Stock shall, __________

the said Members shall subscribe more than the Sum of five hundred Pounds Sterling in his, her, or their Names; and that all and every the Proprietors of the Sums so subscribed shall pay his, her, or their Shares and Projwtions of the Monies subscribed, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed for the Receipt of such Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be ordered to be paid in pursuance of any Call or Calls to be made, in Manner to be regulated by the Bye-Laws of the Society, of which several Calls two Calendar Months Notice at the lead shall be given, by publishing the same in the Lon, Ion Gazette, by the DU region of a General Meeting of the said Proprietors; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable and proportionable Part or Share, Parts or Shares, of such Monies so to be called For as aforesaid, within not less than two Calendar Months after the Time appointed for the Payment thereof, and after personal Notice given to him or her, or Notice in Writing left at his or her usual or last Place of Abode, then he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit a Sum amounting’ to ten Pounds per Centum on his, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the Capital Stock of the said Society.

IX. And be it further enk&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Proprietor shall have incurred the Penalty aforesaid of ten Pounds per Centum on such Share or Shares as he or she may be pot-jefled of in the Capital Stock of the said Society, for Nonpayment in due Time as aforesaid of his or her rateable Proportion of Money so called for as aforesaid, and such Forfeiture shall have been declared at some General Meeting of the Proprietors, it shall and may be lawful at the same, or at any subsequent General Meeting, for any ten or more of the Proprietors then present, to order and direct a further Notice to be given to such Proprietor; and in case he or she shall not, within two Months after such Notice served personally, or left at his or her most usual or last Place of Abode, pay or cause to be paid all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be then due and owing upon any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and for Nonpayment of which such former Forfeiture shall have been incurred; aryl shall not also pay of cause to be paid an additional Sum of ten Pounds per Centum on such Share or Shares as such Proprietor shall have subscribed towards the Capital Stock of the said Society, then such Proprietor, in case the Nonpayment of such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been declared at some General Meeting of the said Proprietors, shall forfeit all his Interest, Share, and Property in the Capital Stock of the said Society, together with all such Sums as shall have been paid in, or shall be then due and owin^ from any Call or Calls as aforesaid, which last mentioned Sum or Sums due and owing from any Call or Calls as aforesaid, and the respective Penalties of ten Pounds per Centum, and ten Pounds per Centum, herein before mentioned, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or by Suit in the Court of Session in Scotland, respectively: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Proprietors, at any General Meeting to be held after such Forfeiture shall have been incurred, to postpone, mitigate, or remit the same.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Proprietor of any Share in the said Undertaking shall die before Payment shall have been made of the full Sum to be advanced on each Share which he or she shall have been possessed of or intitled to, without having made Provision, by Will or otherwise, for the Payment of the same, then and in such Case the Executors and Administrators of such Proprietor, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, of any Infant or other Person intitled to the Estate or Effe£Is of such Proprietor, shall be indemnified against such Infant, and all other Persons whomsoever, for paying any Sum or Sums of Money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Proprietor shall not have left Effects sufficient, or in case any such Executor or Administra-for, Trustee or Guardian, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Society shall be and are hereby impowered, aut’norised, and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Proprietor, on. Condition that he, she, or they, so admitted, do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Proprietor, or the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant, or others intitled to his or her Effects, the full Money which shall have been paid by such deceased Proprietor in his or her Lifetime, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or so much Money as the same can be sold for.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any of the said Proprietors to sell or dispose of any Share or Shares he, she, or they shall and may be intitled to therein, in Manner and subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned; and for that Purpose Duplicates of the Deed of Bargain and Sale, or Transfer of such Share or Shares, shall be executed by every Vendor and Vendee, and one Part thereof, so executed, shall be delivered to the Secretary of the said Society, to be filed and kept for the Use 0/ the said Society, and an Entry thereof shall be maoe in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Secretary for that ; and the said Secretary, or his Deputy, is hereby required to make such Entry accordingly; and until the Duplicate of such Deed or Transfer shall be so delivered to the said Secretary, or to his Deputy, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest paid him, her, or them, for and in respect of such Share or Shares so purchased, nor be intitled to vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Joint Stock: Provided always, That after any Call of such Monies shall be made by a General Meeting, no Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, shall fell or transfer any Share which he, she, or they shall then have in the said Joint Stock, until the Monies called' for upon his, her, or their Share or Shares, so to be sold, shall be paid; and every Person making Default herein shall forfeit his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Jqint Stock to the said Society, for the Benefit of the rest of the said Proprietors (unless the Person or Persons who shall be Vendor or Vendors, shall, at

7 the

Book.

If Penalties art

not paid, and Calls aafwcied.

Defaulter t# forfait hia Share, Sec,

On the Death of

Praprietors before Shaie completed. Executor# nay do it.

Share* miy b# diipoied of.

After a Call no Share to be sold till the Money paid.

>y

c. ic6. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

the Time of such Sale or Transfer, pay the Money called for upon every Share so fold or transferred, into the Bank of England, Bank of Scotland\ or Royal Bank of Scotland)y such Forfeiture having been first notified and declared at a General Meeting in Manner above directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Transfer of the said Shares shall be in the Form, or to the Purport and Effect following:

Form of the Tuntfer.

I A\ B. in consideration of paid to me by C.D. do hereby bargain, fell, and

A transfer to the said C. Z>. his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Share

[or Shares, as the Case way he) in the Joint Stock of the Society for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coaits of this Kingdom, subject to the same Rules and Orders, and on the same Condi- tions^thatl held the same immediately before the Execution hereof: And 1 the said C.D. do hereby agree to accept of the said Share or Shares], subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Conditions: Witness our Hands, the Day of in the Year of our

Lord

Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directon.

How to be cho-fe o»

To continue to March 15, 1787.

Their Power*.

Governor, &c. to bt sworn.

XIII. And, for the better, ordering, managing, and governing the Affairs of the said Society, and for establishing a continual Succession of Persons to be Directors of the same ;* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be (of the Members of the said Society holding one full Share in the Joint Stock of the same respectively} a Governor, Deputy Governor, and fifteen Directors, of whom the said Governor and Deputy Governor shall always be two, of and in the said Society, which Directors, or any seven or more of them, shall be, and be called, A Court of Directors for the orderings managing, and directing the Affairs of the said Society.

XIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Members of the said Society shall, on or before the tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, proceed to the Election of a Governor, Deputy Governor, and thirteen Members of the said Society, as aforesaid, to be their Directors as aforesaid, in Manner following; that is to say. That each and every Member of the said Society shall, on or before the said tenth Day of August, deliver in, or transmit to the Secretary of the said Society a List in Writing, subscribed with his or her Name, and subjoining the Number of Shares which he or she holds in the Joint Stock of the said Society, containing the Names of such Members as he or she votes for to be Governor and Deputy Governor, refcectively; and also of thirteen other Members qualified as aforesaid, whom he or (be shall vote for to be Directors of the said Society; and that all and every such Lift which shall contain a greater or less Number than fifteen Names as aforesaid, shall be rejected and of no Effaft; and that the thirteen Members whose Names shall be infer ted in the greater Number of such Lifts as aforesaid, shall be the Directors of the said Society; and that such Persons whose Names shall be contained in the greater Number of such Lifts for filling trie Offices of Governor and Deputy Governor, shall be Governor and Deputy Governor of the said Society: Provided, That if it shall so happen that any two or more Persons named in such Lifts as aforesaid shall have an equal Number of Votes, the Names of such two or more Persons shall be placed in a Box, and drawn out by the Secretary of the said Society; and the Person whose Name shall be drawn out shall be a Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director of the said Society, as the Case may happen; and the Secretary shall in like Manner draw out successively a sufficient Number of Names to complete the Number of thirteen Directors, who shall be Directors accordingly.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, so first chosen as aforesaid, shall serve and continue in their respective Offices until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and that a new Election of a Governor, Deputy Governor, and thirteen Directors, shall be then made in Manner aforesaid; and on the twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every succeeding Year, a like Election shall be made, unless the same shall happen on a Sunday, and then on the Monday following; and that such Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, shall serve and continue in their respective Offices for one whole Year next ensuing their respective Elections.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and DU rectors, or the major Part of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, assemble and meet together at any convenient Place or Places within the Cities of London or Westminster, and then and there hold Courts of Directors, and shall at such Courts have Power and Authority to order and direct all the Affairs and Business of the said Society, subject to the Bye-laws and Directions of all General Meetings of the said Society, and shall have Power to name Committees of themselves, and to appoint all subordinate Officers.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Governor, Deputy Governor, and Director of the said Society, so to be elected as aforesaid, before they be admitted to the Execution of their respective Offices or Places of Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director, shall, take the following Oath before any two or more of the said Proprietors, who are hereby impowered to administer the same.

TtoOatiu 44 T A.B. do swear, That I will discharge the Trust and Duties of Governor (Deputy Governor, or DU 44 A rector, as the Case may be)9 of the British Society for extending the Fisheries and improving the Sea u Coasts of this Kingdom, truly and faithfully, to the best of my Judgment and Understanding.

4< So help roc GOD."

A«4itonchofco.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Proprietors holding one full Share respectively, there shall be chosen and appointed in like Manner, and at the like Times, five persons

(not

215

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106.

(not being Governor ojr Deputy Governor, or Director, or other Officer), to examine and audit the Accounts of the (kid Society once in.every Year and to prepare and lay before the General Meeting, the Accounts of the said Society in a clear, accurate, and distinct Manner, one Copy of which shall be refer ved in the Office for the Inspection of any Proprietor who shall desire to see the same.

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be holden one General Meeting of the said Proprietors on the twenty-fifth Day of March in each and every Year and if the same shall happen on a Sundayr, then on the Monday following at Noon, in the Cities of London or Westminster; and that if at any Time it shall appear to any nme or more Proprietors, that for the more effectually putting this Act in Execution, an occasional General Meeting of Proprietors shall be necessary to be held, the Governor, Deputy Governor, or any three or more of the said Directors, on Request made in Writing by such nine Proprietors to the said Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, shall cause Notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, and in such other Manner as the said Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall at any General Meeting direct or appoint, declaring in such Notice the Place where, and the Time when, such Meeting is to be held, the same to be held within one Calendar Month from and after such

Notice given, and likewise specifying in every such Notice the Reason for, and Intention of, such Meetings respectively; and the Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such Notice, and proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given them: and every Act of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them, at such Meetings a fie m hied, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been done at an annual General Meeting held in Manner herein before directed: Provided always, That at all General and Ordinary Meetings the Governor, or in case of his Absence the Deputy Governor, or in case of the Absence of both, a Chairman, who shall be then and there chosen, shall, in case of an Equality of Voices, have a calling Vote; and that all General Meetings, ordinary or extraordinary, assembled as before directed, shall have the Power of adjourning themselves to such Time as they shall deem necessary.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Governor, Deputy Governor, or any of the DucCiois for the Time being, shall happen to die, or resign his Office before the Expiration of the said Year for which heor they shall be so elected, that then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor or Deputy Governor, or any three of the said Directors, if they fee fit, to summon and call together a General Meeting of the Proprietors aforesaid, and then and there to chuse into the Place or Places of him or them so dying or resigning, one or more other fit Person or Persons, as the Case may happen, to fill up such Vacancy or Vacancies, and the Person or Persons so chosen shall con^gue in their respective Offices or Places during the Remainder of such Year, or until the next Election of Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns for the Time being, shall have Power and Authority at a General Meeting to be called for that special Purpose, or by Adjournment of the annual General Meeting, in case fifteen or more Proprietors present at such General Meeting, by themselves or Proxy, be possessed of one hundred Shares at least, but not otherwise, to make such Rules, Bye-laws, and Constitutions, for the Government of the said Society, and for the good and orderly carrying on the Business of the said Society; and also for the well-governing of the Officers, Servants, Workmen, and others, who shall be employed in and about the Business, and carrying on of the said Society, or any Part thereof, as to them shall seem meet; which said Rules, Bye-laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the said Society, shall be binding upon, and observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient, in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the same, provided the same are not repugnant to the Laws of the Realm: Provided always, That the said Rules, Bye-laws, and Constitutions, shall not be binding, unless they be confirmed by the next General Meeting after they are voted, and shall not be subject to any Alteration in the same Year wherein they have been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Transfer, other than by Gift or Bequest, shall be made of any of the said Stock, or Share of or in the said Joint Stock, for the Space of three Years, from the tenth of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, but that the same shall be absolutely void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cash of the said Society shall be lodged either in the Bank of England^ Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland; and that no Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director, nor any Proprietor of any Share or Shares of the Society’s Joint Stock, nor any Agent, Secretary, Clerk, Servant, or Person employed by the said Society, shall in any Case retain any Sum or Sums of Money, which shall have been placed in his, her, or their Hands for the Use of the said Society, beyond the Space of thirty Days next after the Receipt of the same, on any Account what-(bever, but that every such Person or Persons shall, within the Time aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid all and every such Sum or Sums of Money into one of the Banks aforesaid; and that Payments of all such Sums as shall be issued by the said Society, shall be made by Drafts under the Hands of the Governor, or Deputy Governor, countersigned by the secretary or his Deputy, and two or more Directors, on the said Banks, to such Person or Persons, or to their Order, as shall have performed any Work for, or otherwise have any Demand upon, the said Society.

XXIV. And whereas it may happen that some Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Col legiate, or Trustees, or othersl who are seised of or intitled to Lands and Tenements, which maybe ne-

ceflary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, may be willing to treat and agree to sell such Lands and

Tenements, in order to perfectfo useful and necessary an Undertaking, but are incapable of granting and conveying the same by reason of Infancy, or other Disability by Tailzies, or otherwise be it therefore en-g£Ud by the Authority aforesaid, That it mall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politick, Corporate, or

% Collegiate,

General Meet* ing* how to be called.

Directort dying, others to be cho* (cm

Bye-lawi how made and alter* cd.

No Transfer of Stock for three Years.

Money to be

placed in the Bank of Scotland, or Bank of Scotland. '

Purchsfc Money to be laid outtofanse Uku

2i6

Book* to be kept, and open lo the InspeeVion of the I’ropiictorJ*

Counterfeiting the Seal.

Limitation of Achoa*.

Central Issue,

Treble Coilt* Foblick Act.

[Preamble.]

The Lieutenant* of Counties, appointed by his Majesty, to call out the Militia yearly, and appoint Deputies,

Officers, &c.

C. 106,107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Collegiate, Trustees, Tutors or Curators for Infants or Minors, Idiots or furious Pejfons, or other Persons for whom they are Trustees, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands and Tenements which the said Society shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, whether by Titles held in Fee-simple or tailzied, to sell and convey to the said Society, or their Successors, or to such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, all or any such Lands and Tenements, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contrails, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances that shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all Trustees, Tutors, or Curators, Corporations, Proprietors, or Incumbrancers, subject to Tailzies, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of, or in pursuance of this Act: Provided, That where Lands and Tenements under Entail are purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, the Price of the Premills shall, by Authority of the Court of Session, be laid out upon Land, or other heritable Security, and the Rights and Securities devised and taken to the same Series of Heirs as are contained in the original Title Deeds of the Subjects under Entail, purchased for the Uses aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Book or Books in which the Accounts relating to the Lid Society shall be stated and settled, and all other Matters and Things relating thereunto, shall be deposited under the Care and Custody of such Person or Persons as the said Directors shall from Time to Time appoint at the Office of the said Society; and every Proprietor, at all reasonable Times, shall have free A reefs to such Book or Books, for his, her, or their Inspection.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit the Seal of the Society, or any Deed or Writing under the Common Seal, or shall demand any Money in pursuance of any such forged or counterfeited Deed or Writing, either from the Society or any Members or Servants thereof, knowing such Writing to be forged, with Intent to defraud the said Society, or any other Persons whomsoever, every Person io offending, and being convicted thereof, in due Form of Law, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported in Manner as by Law directed, for a Term not exceeding ieven Years.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Acts the same shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the P ad committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damage, then within six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall cease, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Triifi to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing in the same, then, and in such Cale, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Court of Session in Scotland shall dismiss the said Suit; if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Pursuer or Pursuers, shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit* or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if a Verdict or Judgement of the Court of Session in Scotland shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, Pursuer or Pursuers, or if, upon demurring or otherwise, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of it as such, without f'pecially pleading the same.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS a respectable Military Force, under the Command of Officers possessing Landed 4 yV Property within Great Britain, is essential to the Constitution of this Realm; and the Militia How by Law established has been found capable of fulfilling the Purposes of its Institution; and through its constant Readiness, on short Notice, for effectual Service, has been of the utmost importance to the internal Defence of this Kingdom of Great Britain: And whereas the Laws now in being relating to the Militia are inconveniently numerous; and the several Powers and Provisions necessary for railing, training, and regulating the Militia, would be more easily executed, if the same were comprised in due 4 Act of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That his Majesty may and shall, from Time to Time, conftrtute and appoint Lieutenants for the Counties, Ridings, and Places herein after mentioned; and the several Lieutenants so appointed, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, ariay, and cause to be trained and exercised such Persons, and in such Manner as is herein after directed, once in every Year and the said Lieutenants severally shall, from Time to Time, constitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, being qualified as hereip after is directed, and living within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, to be their Deputy Lieutenants (the Names of such Persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty), and shall also appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant

Colonels,

e

217

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

Colonels, Mnjors, and other Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline, and command the Per ions lo to be aimed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein after mentioned, and Shall cettiiy to his Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so appointed; and in cale Majesty shall, within fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have bun InkT "belore him, Signify his Disapprobation ci any of the Pei ions io appointed, it shall not be lawful for the fed Lieutenants to grant a Commission to any Per ion so disapproved, but CommifTi >ns shall be granted to all such Persons so appointed, who shall not be disapproveo by his Majesty; and the Officers so appointed for the Militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein after directed, shall rank with the Officers of such of his Majesty's Forces as are liable to kne out of Great Entaln, as youngest of their Rank.

II. And be it further enacted, That when the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be out of the Kingdom of Gnat Erludm, or when there shall be no Lieutenant, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to surhoiiic any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, to grant Commissions to G:hcers to serve in the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, upon any Vacancy that shall then happen, in such Maimer as such Lieutenant could do, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which m gin lawfully have been done by the said Lieutenant, and the same shall be good and valid in the Law as if done by the Lid Lieutenant himself.

III. And be it further enacted, 'I’hat no Commission of any Deputy Lieutenant, nor any Commission of any Officer in the Militia already granted, or to be granted by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall he vacated by rca-on of the Revocation, Expiration, or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, or Place, shall have the Chief Command of the Militia, within the County, Riding, or Place to which he is appointed, and that twenty Deputy Lieutenants at the lea ft shall be appointed within every County, Riding, and Place, if so many can ne found qualified as herein after directed; but if such Number of Persons, io qualified, cannot be found within any such County, Riding, or Place, then as many Perfotis, so qualified, as can be found within such~County, Riding, or Place, shall be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenants for the PurpoFs of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Deputy Lieutenants, or Officers of the M ihtia, in pursuance of this Act (except within the Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, and Ji 'ejh.ucrland, the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, the several Counties and Places within the Dominion of ICcilce, and Inch Cities and Towns as are Counties within themselves), shall be qualified ns follows;

(that is to say). Every Person so to be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant shall be FiFd or polFffed, either in aw or Equity, for hi* own Use and Benefit, in Possession, of a Freehold, of, or Customary Pilate for Life, or for the Life of his Wife, ihe having a Freehold, of, or Customary Estate for her Life, or for some greater Eiiate, or of an Pilate for some long Teim of Years, determinable on one or more Life or Lives, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in England, Idales, or the Town t>f Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be feiied or possessed of a like E(bate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds: And every Person so to be appointed a Colonel shall in like Manner be Filed or poUl-iled of a like Eli ate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be ieifed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two thousand Pounds: And every Person io to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall in like Manner be feiied of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be foiled or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one thousand two hundred Pounds: And every Person so to be appointed a Major, or a Captain, shall in like Manner be Lifed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be feiied or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of four hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of iome Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner feiied or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds: And every Person so to be appointed Lieutenant shall in like Manner be Filed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, or ieifed or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be, or at me Time of his Death was, in like Manner Filed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or who shall be, or who at the Time of his Death vras, possessed of a Pci Tonal Estate alone, to the Amount of two thousand Pounds, or it Td or possessed of Real and Personal If Rate together, to the Amount or Value of three thousand Pounds: And that every Person io to be appointed an Ensign Hull in i ke Manner be Fifed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or Dull be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of five hundred Pounds, or Filed or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand Pounds, or shall be Son ofstine Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner Fifed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, ct the yearly Value of fifty Pounds, or who shall be, or who at the Tune of his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of one thousand Pounds, or ieifed or possessed of Real and Persona! 1 (fare together, to the Amount or \ aiuc of one thousand five hundred Pounds: Of which laid Estate* required as Qualifications for Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majois, and Captain* leiptClivciy, one Moiety shall be fiuutc or anting; within the respective Counties, Ridings, or Division.i in which they shall be appointed to Five.

26 Geo. III. Ff - VL And

Rank of Of-, /jceri.

Three Drpnff

I/eut^nant* may ’he

JLiruicmn’ m oof < f the Kingdom.

Commission* not

to br rev ok r.J by the L'e*th of the Grantor.

C< untv L’enre-nant'o hjvethe t hief Command of the Militia of his County, and to appoint 20 Deputies.

Q^nlifi-ation of Deputy Lieutenants and Oifi-cers in I ngLnd in general.

21 8

Qo hlficauon of Deputy Lieutenants ar<d Gfii-c»tt in Curub*r-bnci, <Scc*

<pa];firation rf D*puty Lituie-runt 5 and CJrii-cers for Fly.

Regulation* with ti pud o C.itir*, &c. that are C< unties within tDein— Save s.

C. 107. Anno vice {into sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Estates rccyiifitc for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Oibcers of the Militia, within the Counties of CnulcrlanJ, Hu>:tingd%n, AI:nr.:nth, >7,

and and within every County and Place in the Dominion of shall be as follows; (tine is to

say), A Deputy Lieutenant Hull in like Manner be ieikd or possessed of a like K if ate as aforesaid, of tr.c yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be I leir-app uvnt to a Person who shall in like Manner be ftifed or poiieiEd of a like Estate as aforesaid, or the yearly \ clue of three hundred Pounds: A Colonel shall be in like Manner kifld or possessed of a like j ill ate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of six hundred Pounds, c.r Avail be Heir-apparent of a Person who Huh in like Manner be feilld or poiffiCd of a like iiilute as aforesaid, of the yeaiiy Value of one thousand two hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant Colonel, or Major Commandant, shall in hke Manner be Piled or pofici.ed of a like Etb.te as aforesaid, of the yearly Va'ue of four bundled Pounds, or shall be He ir-apparent of a Person who Avail in like Manner be foiled or rofii-if d of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value or eight hundred Pounds: A kLjor, or Captain, Ihfl in like Manner be failed or poiEfied of a hke Estate as afoicfiiJ, of the ye.uly Value of one hundred and hay Pound?, or (h;di be Son of a Person who Hull be, or at the'l ime of his Death was, in like Manner fi hid or pnif.fLc J of a 1 ke Elhue as alcidhid, of the ytaily Value of truce hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant lit: 11 in Manner he feubd or poiKiitd of a like hi (ate as arorefa* of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, 01 Anil hepoiktled of a Per-ional Estate alone, to the Amount of li\ hundred rounds, or Ailed or pol.efied ol Heal and Personal id it: le together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand two hundred Pounds, or shall be the Son of a Pcism vvno Dull be, or at the Time of his Death vans, in like Manner Ailed or pouched of a hke Elhue as afoivfiud, of the yearly Value of sixty Pound.*, or wr.o Audi be, or at tr.c Lime of his Death was, possessed of a 1 cr-fonal KAnte alone, to the Amount of one tiiouhnd tv.o hundred Pounds, or Ailed or pohidled of Real and Personal LA ate together, to the Amount or Value of two thousand four hundnd Pounds: An Ensign IhJi be in like Manner fciled or possessed of a like Kibate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of three hundred Pounds, or seised or poAected of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of six hundred Pounds, or And be the Son of a Person who shall be, or at me Time of ids Death was, in like Manner lei eh or possessed of a like Pdilate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, pollened of a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount of six hundred Pounds, or Icifed or poAeffcu of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of one thousand two hundred Pounds: Of all which respective Estates (except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns) one Moiety shall be ficu-are or arising within the respective Counties or Divisions in which such OAkers shall be respectively appointed to leive.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Ofificcis of the Militia in the isle of Ely shall be as follows: A Deputy Lieutenant shall be in like Manner lei fed or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of some Person who shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds: A Captain shall be in like Manner seised or pof-1’ccted of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir-apparent of £ Person who shall be in like Manner fciled or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of two hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or pofidied of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of three hundred Pounds: A Lieutenant shall be in like Manner icifed or poAelied of a like ElEite as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a PerAmal Estate to the Amount of six hundred Pounds, or shall be Sun of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of sixty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, possessed of a Personal Estate 10 the Amount of one thousand two hundred Pounds: An Ensign shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, or shall be pofllfled of a Personal Estate to the Amount of three hundred Pounds, or shall be the Son of some

Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, in like Manner fciled or possessed of a like Dilate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of thirty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was, poAected of a Personal Estate to the Amount of six hundred Pounds: Ol all which Estates (except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns) one Moiety shall be situate or arising within the said Isle cj £ly, or some other Part of the County of Cambridge.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cities and Towns which are Counties within themselves, and have heretofore been impowered by Law or ancient Usage to raile and train a (’operate Militia within their several Precincts and J liberties, and which are united with, and made Part of any County or Counties, for the Purposes of railing the Militia only, the Lieutenant of every such City or Town, or, where there is no Lieutenant appointed, then the Chief Magistrate of such City or Town, shall appoint the Deputy Lieutenants within such City or Town, and shall also appoint Officers of the Militia, whose Number and Rank Hull be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which such City or Town shall raile as their Quota towards the Militia of the County to which such City or d own is united for the Purposes aforesaid; and ell Powers and Provisions made by this Act, with respect to Counties acJargcy and the Militia thereof, and me regilkring herein alter directed of the Quiiincations of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, shall take pEce and be in force, with relpcci to the said Cities and Towns, and the Militia tnercol, and the registering of the said (publications; and the Value of the respective Qualifications or the Deputy Lieutenants and ( Rficers of the lMuitia of such Cities and Towns shall boas follows: Every Deputy Lieutenant lh il m like Manner be leifed or possessed of a like EAv.tc as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 219

shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of three thousand Pounds: And every Field Officer shall respectively be in like Manner (cited or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of threr hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Ceiled or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of five thousand Pounds: And the Qualification of a Captain shall be a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of two

thoul

cerl

and five hundred Pounds: And the Qualification of a Lieutenant shall be a like Estate as aforesaid of the V Value of thirty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal

(late alone, to the Amount or Value of seven hundred and fifty Pounds: And the Qualification of an Enfigrt shall be a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of twenty Pounds, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of four hundred Pounds: Of aft which Real Estates respectively (except those for the Qualification of Lieutenants and Ensigns) one Moiety shall be situate or arising within such City or Town, or within the County to which such City or Town is united for the Purposes afore laid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and "in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are leased for one Life, or for two or three Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable upon the Death of one Life, or of two or three Lives on reserved Rents, and which are to the Lcllce or Lessees of the clear yearly Value of three hundred Pounds, shall be deemed equal to an Estate herein before required as a Qualification of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion to the several other Qualifications required by this Act

X. And be it further enacted, That a Person possessed, either in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession, of an Estate for a certain Term originally granted for twenty Years, or more, of an annual Value (over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same) equal to the Value of such an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a Deputy Lieutenant and Commissioned Officer of the Militia respectively, and situated as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared to be fulfi-ciently qualified to act in the Execution of this Act.

Qualifications, to be deemed

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, or be appointed to a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, for which he shall be appointed, or (in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy, a specifick Description in Writing* Signed by himself, of his Qualification, stating the Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Eft.ites which form his Qualification is or are situate; and the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission, that the Officer to whom the Commission is given, hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Deputy Lieutenant and every Officer now holding a Commission as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain in the Militia, who hath not transmitted a specifick Description as before directed, of his Qualification for holding such Commission, to the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, within six Months from and after the hi ft Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, transmit such specifick Description of his Qualification for holding such Commission to the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, and the Clerk of the Pecce, or his Deputy, shall forthwith transmit a true Copy thereof to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, or to the Deputy Lieutenants, who shall be authorised according to the Directions of this Act to execute the Office of Lieutenant; and in calc any such Officer shall not transmit such specifick Description of his Qualification as aforesaid to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, within the Time before limited for that Purpose, his Deputation or Commission shall be void, and he shall be incapable of being a Deputy Lieutenant, or of serving as an Officer in the Militia again in the same or any higher Rank.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding, and Place, shall, and he is hereby required to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him according to the Directions of this Act upon a Roll, to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the Dates of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whole Room they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office, and he is hereby authorised to charge the Expence of such Insert on in the Gazette for each Commission, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, who is hereby dircHed to pay the same; and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to one of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of S tate a complete Account of the Qualifications so le ft with him, and the Secretary of State receiving such Accounts shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Hotifes of Parliament; and every Deputy Lieutenant and Commissioned Officer not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed the Declaration as required by this Act, shall, at Tome General Quarter Session of the Peace, or in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at /Hflmifficr, within six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the fi irft, intituled, sin del for the further Security rf his Ain} fly*s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, he? nr Protfhints, and for extinguishing the Hopes-of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his o[eu and jeeret Abettors') and also by an Act

Lea (Vs on Lives 300l. per Ann, to *'e detuned equ*l to a Qualification as herein before specified of rooi. per A /n and so pro* po - ti'inally. Elfare granted for 20 Years, of an annual Value equal to the V«j)ue of the Eflatts herein required for Qualifications.

No Comni(lion superior to a Lieutenant to be granred ttll the Qualification is delivered in.

Commissions al-» rraiy granted to te void ur.lrfs Qualifications a.-< del.vered in before Jan, I,

17S7.

Qualification?, &c. to be inferred in the Gazette j and Lifll to tie annually laid, by the Secretary of State, before Parliament.

Deputy Lieutenan's &c. to taler the Oaths within 6 Months after Appointment.

220

Penaly on P?r-loni act inz, v- ho are unqualified, or who have not delivered in their Qualifications.

Peers or their

Heirs-app irent ir>ay aC>, tr ou^h not podefled of Qualifications, See,

A Proportion of Officers who have fervid fire Years may, when the Militia is not embodied, bo dii-milled, and erhers appointed.

InferinrOfii-erf, when qualified, may serve in lusher Ranks.

County Lieutenants, and Deputies may appoint Llerks for their Meetings,

Numbers of the P rgiments of Militia respectively.

C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Oath of Alya-ration, and the Ayurance, and fir amending f much of an Act of the seventh 2 ear rf her late Afaujiy Hfuen Anne, intituled, u an Act for the Improvement f the Inion if the two kingdoms ," as after the Time therein limited requires the Delivery of cet tain Lijls and C.-pics therein mentioned to Pci fas maided f High Treci-fan, or Ahjgrfion of Treason \ and shall a!,o make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the first Year of King George the Firit directed to be nude, repeated, and subscribed, by all Gtficers Civil and Military.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, or Majors, not being qualified as atore-said, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is herein before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers Hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specitiek Description of his Qiulihcation as is herein before requneu, every such Person Hull forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall go to die Lie of the Person v/ho shall lue for the same*, and in every Action, Suit, or Information, brought against any Person for acting as Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Coionel, Major, or Captain, not being qualified as herein before di reded, live Proof of his Qualification Hull lie upon the Person ag.imft whom the ime is brought: Provided always, I hat nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Peer of this Realm, or Heir-apparent of any such Peer, from being appointed, or acting as a Deputy Lieutenant, or a Commissioned Officer in the Militia, within the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Peer, or Heir-apparent of such Peer, (Mil have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qiulihcation herein before required; or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir-apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Place for which he shall be appointed, any Qiulihcation in Writing as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, together with any three or mere Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any such Lieutenant, any five or inore Deputy Lieutenants, may, at the Knd of every five Years, at their Annual Meetings to be holder! as herein alter is directed, in case the Militia of such County, Riding, or Fiuce, shall not be then embodied, discharge some one Field Officer of each Regiment or Battalion, and such a Number of Officers of each inferior Rank, in each Regftnent, Battalion, and Independent Company, as shall be equal to the Number of Persons who shall have given Notice in Writing to the Lieutenant of such County, Ruling, or Place, one Month at the Fall before such Meeting, that tncy are willing to serve as Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, or Emigns, as the Case may requiie: Provided always, That the Number of Vacancies to be made by discharging such Officers shall not exceed one Third of such Officers who shall have served for the Space of five Years in each Rank respectively: Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall prevent any Officer serving, or who has served in the Militia in an inferior Rank, from offering himself to serve in a higher Raul:, if he be qualified to serve in such higher Rank.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, shall freyn Time to Time appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings to be holden as herein after directed, and may displace such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, or the major Part of those present at any Subdivision Meeting, shall also, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk for their Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk if they, or the major Part of them, shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; (that is to say),

For the County of Bedford, four hundred.

For the County of Berks, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Bucks, five bundled and sixty.

For the County of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of Chester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cornwall, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Derby, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Devon, with the City and County of the City of Exeter, one thousand six hundred.

For the County of Do ft, with the Town and County of the Town of Pool, fix hutidred and forty.

For the County of Durham, four hundred.

For the County of Essex, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County oLL loiiajier, with the City and County of the City of Gloucester, and the City and County of the City of Bright, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Her.f'r‘U four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Hertford, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, nine hundred and sixty. For the County of Lancaster, eight hundred.

For the County of Leicester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

8 For

221

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

For the County of Middlesex (exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower llamlds), one thousand six hundred.

For the County of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Norfolk, with the City and County of Norwich, nine hundred and sixty. for the County of Northampton, six hundred and torty.

For the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Nottingham, win the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, four hundred and eighty.

For the County of Oxford, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Rutland, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Salop, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Somerset, eight hundred and forty.

For the County of Southampton, with the Tow n and County of the Town of Southampton, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Stafford, with the City and County of the City of Litchfield, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Suffolk, nine hundred and sixty.

For the County of Surrey, eight hundred.

For the County of Sussex, eight hundred.

For the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, six hundred and forty.

For the County of Westmorland, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, five hundred and sixty.

For the County of Wilts, eight hundred.

For the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, one thousand two hundred and forty:

For the North Riding of the said County, seven hundred and twenty:

And for the tail: Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, four hundred.

For the County of Anglfea, eighty.

For the County of Brecknock, one hundred and sixty.

For the County of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Carmarthen, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, two hundred.

For the County of Carnarvon, eighty.

For the County of Denbigh, two hundred and eighty.

For the County of Flint, one hundred and twenty.

For the County of Glamorgan, three hundred and sixty.

For the County of Merioneth, eighty.

For the County of Montgomery, two hundred and forty.

For the County of Pembroke, with the Town and County of the Town of Haverford, Weft, one hundred and sixty.

And for the County of Radnor, one hundred and twenty.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the Lieutenancy of every County, Riding, Rr^ulahor* for and Place, shall be holden in some principal Town of every such County, Riding, and Place; and such Ge- holding General neral Meetings shall conliit of the Lieutenant, together with two Deputy Lieutenants at the least, or, on the Meeting* ot Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, then of three Deputy Lieutenants at the least of every lculenaac* County, Riding, and Place respectively; and one such General Meeting shall be holden wirhin every County,

Riding, and Place, annually, upon the last Tuesday which shall happen before the twenty-fourth Day of October in every Year and the Lieutenant, together with any two Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant) any three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding, or Place, when and as often as they lh \1! find necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, may summon, or caulc to be summoned, other General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, on any Days to be fixed by such Summons, of which Days, and the Places of holding such Meetings respectively. Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in any Weekly Newspaper usually circulated in such County,

Riding, or Place, fourteen Days at the lealt before the Days appointed for holding such Meetings respectively; aid in case any annual or other General Meeting shall not be attended by the Lieutenant and two Deputy Lieutenants, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, as herein before required, the Lieutenant, or any one Deputy Lieutenant, who shall attend at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn the lame to any other Time, and to any Place within such County, Riding, or Place; and in case no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend at the Time and Piece appointed for the next Meeting, then the Clerk of the General Meetings, or his Deputy, shall adjourn such Meeting to any other time, to be holden at the same Place.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants within the Subdivisions of resuhfions fat their relbcctive Counties, Ridings, and PL.ccs, shall be holden as herein after directed; which Subdivision Subdivision Meetings shall coniilt of two Deputy Lieutenants at tie lealt: Provided always, That at any Subdivision Meetings. Meeting appointed according to the Directions of this Act, where two Deputy Lieutenants do not attend,

it shall be lawful for any one Deputy Lieutenanr, together with any one justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, within which such Subdivision lies, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, which are by this Act directed to be done by Deputy Lieutenants, at their lelpective Subdivision Meetings $ and

222 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

all such A£h, Matters, and Things, To done by any such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been done by two Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place; any Thing in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall, as soon as

Clerk to give Notice of Subdivision Meetings to the Deputy Lieutenants, Sc c,

When a fuffl-eiert Number do l>oc attend, another Meeting to be appointed within 14 Days.

Annua] Meetings to appoint Subdivision Meeting*, and to require Lists of Persons liaWc lo fervo.

Copies of Lifts to be »tinted on the Church Door, &c.

Constable* to verify :he Lifts upon Oath.

Subdivision Meeting) to amend Lift), and males Rcturnito the Citric, of the General Meetings.

Canerai Meetings may alter the appointed Subdiv ihunSj&c.

Deputy Lieutenants to a.-p lint what Number of Men ftaM serve for each Parish, #c. who are to fe; ballotud for.

conveniently maybe after any such Subdivision Meeting (hill have been appointed, give Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting to Inch of the Deputy Lieutenants who shall be resident within such Subdivision, as he conveniently can, and also to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion, if on actual Service, or (if not on actual Service) to the Colonel thereof, or (in case of the Absence of the Colonel from Great Britain) to the next Commanding Officer within Great Britain, and an Account of the several Days fixed for receiving Lifts, and for ballotting, and for inrolling the Militia Men within such Subdivision; and shall, as soon as the Militia Men are inrolled, likewise transmit to the Colonel or Commanding Officer as aforesaid a List speccifying the Names, Trades, and usual Places of Abode of all such Militia Men as are inrolled, and where there are Substitutes, the Names, Trades, and Places of Abode of the Pei foils in the Room of whom they were inrolled as Substitutes.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not appear, at any Subdivision Meeting, two Deputy Lieutenants, or one Deputy Lieutenant and one Justice of the Peace, the Clerk of such Meeting shall, by Notice to be given in Writing to all the Deputy Lieutenants within such Subdivision, or left at their respective Places of Abode, appoint another Meeting to be held, within fourteen Days, at the same Place where such Meeting was to have been holden, such Notice being given live Days at the least previous to such Meeting.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or the Deputy Lieutenants, at every annual Meeting to be holden as herein before directed, shall appoint the first Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants within the several Subdivisions of their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, which laid first Meeting shall be appointed to be held as early after the twenty-fourth Day of Udober in every Year, as conveniently may be; and the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or the said Deputy Lieutenants, may, if they judge needful, appoint the Lime and Place for a iecond General Meeting, and shall issue out their Orders to the Chief Constables, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the everal Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, requiring every such Chief Constable or other Officer as aforesaid, to issue an Order under nisHand to all Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers of every Parish, Tything, or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places, and on the Days appointed at the first General Meeting in every Year, fair and true Lifts in Writing of the Names of all the i\Ien usually and at that Time dwelling within their respective Parishes, Tythings, and Places, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five Years, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and where the true Names of such Persons cannot be procured, the common Appellation of such Persons shall be diffident, and distinguishing which of the Persons so returned labour under any Infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as Militia Men, having first affixed a true Copy of every such Lift on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to every such Parish, Tything, or Place, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereto adjoining, on some Sunday Morning before they shall make such Return, which Sunday shall be three Days at the least before the said Meeting, and also Notice in Writing, at the Bottom of the said Copy of every such Lift, of the Day and Place of such Meeting, and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will be afterward received; and on the Days, and at the Places so respectively appointed as aforesaid, for the Returns of the Lifts, the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers respectively, shall attend and verify the said Returns upon Oath; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall (after hearing any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by having his Nameinferted in any such Lift, or by the Omission of any other Name) direct such Lift to be amended, as the Case shall require, and shall also direct the Names of all Persons by this Act respectively excepted from serving in the Militia to be struck out of the said Lift, and shall appoint the Times and Places for their second Meetings, within their respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the said General Meetings, Certificates under their Hands of the Number of Men in each Parish, Tything, or Place specified in the Lift so amended, and the same shall be filed by the Clerk for the Ufa of the General Meetings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, together with any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any Lieutenant, any five or more Deputy Lieutenants, may, at any General Meeting holden as before directed, alter the appointed Subdivisions within such County, Riding, or Place, if they shall see Occafioti; and also may alter the eft.iblished Allotment of the Number of Men in each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, to serve in the Militia, towards raising the Number of Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised for such County, Riding, or Place, according to the Numbers contained in such respective Certificates last received from theleveral Subdivision Meetings.

XXIV. And be it furfficr enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their said second Meeting, Within any Subdivillomas aforesaid, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish, Tything, and Place within such Subdivision, in Proportion to toe Number last appointed, in the Manner herein before directed, at a General Meeting, to serve for each Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, and shall appoint another Meeting-to be holden, within three Weeks from the Day cm which such Meeting was

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107, 223

holden, within the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, requiring them to give Notice to

the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or miter Officer of every Parish, Tything, or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, or the Number of Men so appointed

to serve for such Parish, Tything, or Place, and of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting;

and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointment,

fluid cause the Number of Aden appointed to serve as aforesaid to be choien by Ballot out of the Lift returned

for every Parish, Tything, or PLce atbrcf.ffij, and Hull appoint another Meeting to be holden within three

Weeks in the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables, or other OfEcers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, to direct the Constable, Tything-

man, Headborough, or other Officer of every Parish, Tything, or Place, to give Notice to every Alan so

choien to lerve in the Militia, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of

Abode, at Rail seven Days before such Meeting, and such ComHble, Tythingman, Head jorough, or other Officer, fty.di attend such Meeting, and make a Return upon Oath of the Days when inch Notice was flrved,;

and every Person 10 choien by Ballot thull, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and there take the perf-ms cUfe«i

following Oath; (that is to lay), to tak-. the 10U

lowing

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty* Oath* u A King George; and 1 do swear. That I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia,

" within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Dctence of the same, during the i ime of live Years for M which I am inioiled, unless I shall belboner discharged."

And every such Person shall be inrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in tobeinro!-the Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of five Years: Pro- led 5 Year,#

vided always. That if any Person so choien by Ballot shall produce for his Substitute a Man of the same County or Riding, or of feme adjoining County or Riding, able and lit for Service, who shall have not more perfom chefea than one Child born in Wedlock, and who shall be approved by the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or iray find Sub-more of them, such Substitute, so produced and approved, shall be inrolled to serve in the Militia of such flitutes, *ho are

County, Riding, or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of live Years, and also for such further /(war*

Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if, within the Spice of five Years, his Majesty shall order and r0iCCan wafn* direct the Militia for which such Man is inrolled to be drawn out and embodied, as herein alter provided; and i'uch Substitute shall take the following Oath:

A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty o*tfcf King G kcrge; and I do swear, That I am a Proteffiant, and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia,

within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Time of live Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if, within the Space of live Years, his Majesty shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be lboner discharged."

And any Person so chosen by Ballot, for whom such Substitute shall have been so produced, approved, inrolled, and swornas aforesaid, ffiiall be exempt from Service in the Militia, in the same Manner as if he hiinfdf had ierved according to the Directions of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if, through the Neglect or Mistake of any Chief Constables, iftHefullNtim* Constables, or other Officers, or from any other Caule, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdi- ber are not in-vision should not be duly inrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose, as before directed, then the De- rolled, a frdh puty Lieutenants, at their said Meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they are hereby required immediately to cause the Lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a frdh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, u en*

or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lifts, as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and it shall be lawful for any one Deputy One Dsoutymay Lieutenant to administer the Oath herein before required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Militia, to rdminiftrr ihe any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer under the Directions of this Act, or to any Per- OaU*, &c. son who, being qualified as this Act requires, lhffil offer to lerve as a Substitute; and such Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorised to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which every such Person by whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to serve, to inroll the Name of every such Person, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such Subdivision.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of p«rfom ch*fiti this Act, to ierve in the Militia (not being one of the People called Quakers), shall refuse or neglect to and not appear* appear and take the said, Oath, and serve in the Militia, or to provide a substitute, to be approved as afore- ,nK» &c. loritic Ltd, who shall take n,c Lid Oath, and lign his Content to serve as his Substitute, every such Person so re- 10

fudng or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds, and at the Expiration of five Years be liable to serve again, or provide a Substitute; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of Efficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person Hull be entered on the Roll, and such com!U

Person shall be delivered over to feme proper Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Com- jdled to serve. puny, for whica he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve for such Term, to be computed from the Time of las bting apprehended, as any other Person who should be then ballotted for would be compelled to serve, ..ad shall be luhjeNt 10 the lame Punishments, for afterwards absconding or defer ting,

as

e

224

Person* herein

specitml i x-emp'ed from laving, 5cc.

Lifti for two

Fl irt-s may he mdued together.

Kew to be made out when any are left.

Penary on Con-ft 'blcs ne^l <£)-ii g their Duty, &c,

50 1. PcnvVy on Pnflnsen ea-to iring ’O procure talfe Return', and IQ 1. on Persons in^ in tmfe Kaxr.es, &c.

Persons must trr e, though removed friim the 1 1 ice where bailutted for, fcc.

Pa-t/h to hfc deemed belong-iag to the County wherein tl e

Churthis B;u<»te,

C. 107.

Anno vicesimo1 sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared, and been duly sworn and inrolled as a Militia Man.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person who flnall serve as a Commissioned Officer in any Regiment, Troop, or Company in his Majesty's other Forces, or in any one of his Majesty's Cadies or Forts, nor any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man, serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces, nor any Commissioned Officer serving, or who has feived four Years in the Militia, nor any Person being a Member of either of the Universities, nor any Clergyman, nor any licensed Teacher of any separate Congicgaiior, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, nor any Articled Cleric, Apprentice, Seaman, or Sea-fari.tg Man, nor any Person mustered, trained, and doing Duty, or employed in any of his Majesty's Docks or Dock Yards, for the Service thereof, or employed and mustered in his Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, JVookvich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs at P0ri[month, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines, or other Storehouses belonging to his Majesty under the Direction of the Hoard of Oulnance, nor any Person being free of the Company of Watermen of the River Lhaincs, nor any poor Alan who has more than one Child born in Wedlock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; and no Person having served personally, or by Substitute, according to the Directions of this Act, or any former Aci or Acts, shall be obliged to serve again, until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn; but no Person who has served only as a Substitute shall by such Service be exempted from serving again, if he shall be chosen by Ballot.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, within their respective Subdivisions, to add together, whensoever they shall think neccfury, the Lifts for two or more Parishes, Tythings, or Places, and proceed upon such Lilts added together, in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for one Parish, Tything, or Place, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot within every such Subdivision as equal and impartial as possible.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Lift of any Parish, Tything, or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawul for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, to cause a ne Lift in such Parish, Tithing, or Place, to be made and returned to them at their next Subdivision Meeting, in the same Manner as the Lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them, by Du xftion of the General Meeting.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdi-vifton, or any two or more of them, from Time to Time, to issue their Order or Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, of-other Officer of any Parish, Tything, or Place, within such Subdivision, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be exprdfed; and if any such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if any Chief Constable or other Officer of any Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, or any Constable, Tythingman, Head-borough, or other Officer of any Parish, Tything, or Place, shall refuse or neglect to return any such Lift as before directed, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall from Time to Time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, or shall in making such Return be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality, or gross Neglect, in his Duty, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the Common Gaol, there to be kept, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of one Month, or at their Discretion to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding live Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall by Gratuity, Gift, or Reward, or by

Promise thereof, or of any Indemnification, or by Menaces, or other wise, endeavour to prevail on any Chief Constable, Constabc, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, to make a false Return of any List for any Parish, Tything, or Place, or to erase or leave out of any such Lift the Name of any Person who ought to be returned to serve as a Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay^the Sum of fifty Pounds; and if any Person shall refuse to tell his Christian and Surname, or shall falsely tell a Christian or Surname, pretending the same to be his true Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell the Christian or Surname of any Man lodging or refilling within his or her House, or shall knowingly tell any faife Name, pretending it to be the true Name of any such Person, to any Constable, Tythingman, or other Officer authorised by this Act to demand the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia shall be liable to such Service, although he may have removed from the Place where his Name was inserted in the Lift, provided he was redding in such Place at the Time when the Lift was, according to the Directions of this Act, prepared; and every Person liable to serve in the Militia, having more than one Place of Rest-dence, shall serve for the County, Riding, or Place where his Name shall have been hi ft inserted in such Lift as aforesaid; and the Clerk to the Subdivision Meeting to which such Lift shall be returned, shall, if such Person requires the same, grant a Certificate grai's under his Hand, that such Person’s Name was inserted in such Lift, and specifying the Time when such Lift was made and returned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parch shall lie in two or more Counties or Ridings, the inhabitants of such Paruh shall serve in the Militia of that County or Riding wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is fttuatej, and that such Paruh shall, for all the Purposes of this Adft, be deemed Part of that County or Riding.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 225

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any two or more Deputy Lieutenants shall at any of their Subdivision Meetings receive Information, or shall suspect, that any Person whose Name is inserted in any List, and described as an Apprentice, has been fraudulently bound Apprentice, in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to summon such Persons as they shall think neceflkry, to appear before them at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and to examine such Persons upon Oath; and in case it shall appear that such binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to appoint such Person fb fraudulently bound Apprentice, to serve as a Militia Man for the Par.ifh, Tything, or Place for which such Lift shall have been returned, if there shall be a Vacancy; and if there shall be no Vacancy at that Time, then upon the first Vacancy that shall happen; and the Person to whom such Apprentice shall have been so bound shall for such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being one of the People called Quaker!) shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the Oath and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then, and in every such Case, any two or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person to serve as a Substitute for such Quaker, and such Substitute shall take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consent to serve in the Militia, for the same Term, and on the same Conditions, as is herein before directed in the Case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and any two or more Deputy Lieutenants may, and are hereby authorised, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expence of providing and hiring such Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus (if any), after deducing the Charges of such Distrds and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels belonging to such Quaker can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such Deputy Lieutenants, that such Quaker is of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to commit such Quaker to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without BaQ or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to such Substitute as aforesaid; and in case any Measures shall be used in making Distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain to the Deputy Lieutenants at their next Meeting, who are hereby impowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Rate shall have been made for the providing of Volunteers, according to the Directions of this Act, and the Churchwardens or Overseers shall make Com-

Klaint to a Justice of the Peace, that any Quaker refuses to pay the Sum or Sums of Money he or they shall e rated at, such Justice shall order such Costs and Charges to be paid for levying such Distrefe as he shall think reasonable, not exceeding ten Shillings on each of the said Quakers, where there are no more than two, and where there are a greater Number than two, not exceeding five Shillings on each of the said Quakers: Provided always, That no Mafi shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a Quaker, within the Meaning of this Act, unless he shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants, at feme of their Subdivision Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of two or more reputable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, acknowledging such Man to be one of their Persuasion.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia is unable, by reason of any Infirmity, or is not of the full Height of five Feet four Inches, or is otherwise unfit for the Service, and is not foiled or possessed of an Estate in Land, Goods, or Money, of the clear Value of one hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or possessed of such Estate, such Deputy Lieutenants shall, and are hereby impowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the Lift for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been sworn and inrolled* shall become unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which such Militia Man shall belong, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County; Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, if the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall then be within the (a»8: County, Riding, or Place, or for the Commanding Officer only, if the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall be absent therefrom, to discharge any Militia Man of his Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company; but another Man shall not be ballotted for, in the Room of such Militia Man so discharged, until such Discharge. shall be confirmed under the Hands of two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, assembled at any Meeting in the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was inrolled.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any Militia Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the Militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court-martial, the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled'up by a fresh Ballot for a Militia Man to serve according to the Provisions of this Act, except as is herein before excepted.

XL. And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, at their several Subdivision Meetings, shall, and they are hereby required to ballot for Militia Men in the Room of all Mi-s6 Geo. III. Gg litja

Pftfo/u fiaodu-

lemly b und Apprentice, liable to serve, and the M after to forfeit to 1. J

Two Deputy Lieutenants may provide SubstitutesforQu alters, and levy the Expence by Distress, &c.

Justices may order Payment of the Costs of levying by Distress, where Quakers refus« to pay Raid.

Petforts unfit ( serve, when chosen may be discharged by the Deputy Lieutenant*,

Perf-rw becoming unfit to serve, may be discharged by the Commanding Officer;

which Discharge mud be confirmed by two Dep. Lieutenants.

Vacancies occasioned by Death See. to be filled up by a freflj Ballot.

At Subdivifi 'n Meet ngJ, Men to be balloilfd

226

Jbr, So room of those whose Term* of Service will expire Kov. %o. not catalog* ttc.

Half the Tnec o» Volunteer* fc» be paid Per font chosen by Ballot* who are not worth 500k

Volunteer* may be raised with the Consent of the Inhabitant*, and a Rate establi filed for pay* ing them Boua-ti*i.

Justices may de* termine Dtfyufei between Sefvanti inrolled as Militia Men. and iheir Mathers

respe6ing

Wages.

C. ioy> Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

litia Men adhially Serving, whole Terms of Service will expire before the twentieth Day of November then next ensuing the holding of such Subdivision Meetings, and shall at a following Meeting, to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed to inroll the said ballotted Men, or their Substitutes; and the Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, is hereby impowered from Time to Time to discharge any Man of his Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, whose Time of Service will expire before the twentieth Day of November then next ensuing, and to receive any other Militia Man in his Room, who shall have taken the Oath, and been inrolled according to the Directions of this Act; and every such Man so discharged, if serving for himself, shall be intitled to the same Immunity from further Service as if he had served his full Term; and if any such Man so discharged was serving as a Substitute, then the Person for whom he served shall be intitled to the like Immunity as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person not possessed of an Estate in Land, Goods, or Money, of the clear Value of five hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not possessed of such Estate, shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia for any Parish, Tything, or Place, when the said Militia is drawn or ordered out for actual Service, and such Person shall be (worn and inrolled, or shall provide a fit Person to serve as his Substitute, who shall be sworn and inrolled, the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Tything, or Place, shall, on receiving an Order under the Hands of any two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting within the Subdivision wherein such Parish, Tything, or Place is situate, pay to every such Person, so chosen by Ballot, any such Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum which such Deputy Lieutenants shall adjudge to be as near as may be one Half of the current Price thea naid for a Volunteer in the County, Riding, or Place where such Person was so chosen, which said Sum of Money shall be taken out of the Poor’s Rate to be made as herein after directed for providing and producing Volunteers, or in case no Volunteers shall be provided or produced by the Churchwardens or Overseers, then out of a Rate, to be made and collected agreeable to the Poor’s Rate, as herein after also dirededI: and in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to pay such Money, upon Demand, and the producing of such Order, every such Churchwarden or Overseer, so refusing or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, one Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Person so chosen by Ballot, in lieu of the Sum ordered to be paid to him as aforesaid: Provided always, That if any Man so chosen by Ballot, and serving for himself, shall, within one Month after his Inrollment, be disapproved of, and discharged by the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, such Sum shall not be paid to the Person so chosen by Ballot, but shall be paid, in Manner before mentioned, to the next Person chosen by Ballot in his Stead; and if any Substitute be disapproved and discharged in Manner aforesaid, then no such Sum shall be paid to the Man so chosen br Ballot, whose Substitute shall have been so disapproved and discharged, unless he shall serve himself, or shall find another Substitute, who shall be approved by such Commanding Officer as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything, ox Place, shall, with the Consent of the Inhabitants, taken at a Vestry, or at any other Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, for the calling of which Vestry or Meeting three Days publick Notice (haff be given, specifying the Cause of calling such Vestry or Meeting, provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting for choosing the Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers who shall be approved by such Deputy Lieutenants, such Volunteer or Volunteers, so approved, shall be then and there sworn in and* inrolled, to serve for such Term, and on the same Conditions, as is herein before provided in case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot: and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for such Parish, Tything, or Place, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish, Tything, or Place; and if any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six Pounds each, to serve in the Militia for such Parish, Tything, or Place, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of such Parish, Tything, or Place, according to the Rate then made for the Relief of the Poor, which Rate (being approved by any Justice of the Peace) it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to colledi, and to reimburse themselves such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have paid, to such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied as Part of the Poor’s Rate; and if any Person shall refuse to pay such Rate, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, returning the Overplus (if any), after the said Rate, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be paid; but no Person chosen by Ballot, who shall have served in the Militia, either by himself, or by Substitute, according to the Directions of this Act, or any other Ail or Acts, or who shall be then serving himself, or by Substitute, shall be liable to pay to any such Rate: Provided always, That if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in like Manner as is provided in the Case of Appeals against Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be inrolled as a Militia Man, and any Dispute shall arise between his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, and such Servant, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant, for or on account of his Service performed before the Time of such Swearing and Inrollment, or to such Time as, under the Conditions of the said Swearing and Inrollment, he shall be obliged to quit the Service of his said Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, by being called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been so sworn or inrolled, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof, within three Months from the Time of quitting the said Service, to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

G. 107. li’j

Town Corporate, of Place where such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complai n, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant, or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, as to stich Justice shall seem jutt and reasonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of tvvt nty Pounds; ami in case of Rcfjfal or Non-payment of any Sums lo ordered by the Space of twenty-one Days next alter inch Determination* such Justice shall and may issue forth his and their Warrant to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall receive Money from any other Person to serve as his Substitute in the Militia, or from any Churchwardens or OverEers of the Poor, to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the ukial Meeting appointed for swearing the Militia Men, or before feme one Deputy Lieutenant, in order to be (Worn according to the Directions of this Act, every such Person so neglecting to appear and be (’worn, being convicted thereof before any Deputy Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, and shall also forfeit and pay, to such Person or Persons, any Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenant or justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so convicted; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the Laid Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Space of fourteen Days, or until the said Sum shall be returned.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia shall have engaged any other Person to serve as his Substitute, or if any Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall have engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and the Person so chosen by Ballot, or such Churchwardens or Overseers, shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged, a certain Sum for such Service, and shall, after such Person has been inrolled, refuse to pay him the full Sum agreed on, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace, on Application made to him, and such Justice is hereby required to order such Sum of Mone y as shall appear to him to be due to the Person so engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the Person or Persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and such Justice shall proceed therein in the same Manner as is directed by an Act of the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, For the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better regulating f such Servants and of certain Apprentices.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Body of Militia shall be embodied, and absent from the County, Riding, or Place to which it belongs, the Commanding Officer of such Body of Militia shall apply to every Man whose Time shall be within four Months of expiring, and who, in his Judgment, shall be fit to serve as a Militia Man. and esquire if he is willing to continue in the Service for such Term as any Man who should be then ballotted to serve would be subject to, and for what Price or Sum he will continue; and such Commanding Officer shall, on the first Day of the Months of January, March, May, Jufa September, and November respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, Riding, or Place, to which his Body of Militia belongs, a List of all such private Militia Men in such Body of Militia, as he shall find willing to continue in the Service, in which Lift shall be set down the Sums they are respectively willing to continue for^ and which Lift shall be signed by every such Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the following h orm; viz*

Tensity on Suo-fli utei, &c. who do not appear, if they do not return the Bounty.

Justicea may order Payment of Bounty to Sub-Aitutes, dec. ae* cording to Act 10 Geo. j. c. 19.

When 1 Regiment it out of ita County, Lists of Men willing to continue to serve after the Expire* tion of their Term, to be transmitted by the Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

Name of the County, Namet of the Men actually (erring. If Substitotet, for whom they serve. Of the Parish of In the Hundred of Time of Service expires on the Sum for which they engage to serve. Signature of Consent.

A.B. C.D. P. H. A.B.

E. F. L. % I. E. F.

G. K. P. N. G. K.

And that the signing of the said Roll shall be binding upon the Persons signing the same to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer* Serjeant, or other Person, shall at any Time wilfully and knowingly inlist any Man to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, who at the Time of such inlisting shall be inrolled or engaged to serve in the Militia, every such Inlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man, at the Time of offering to inlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant, or other Person recruiting for Men to inlist and serve in his Majesty's other Forces, that he is (at the Time of his offering to inlist) a Militia Man then actually inrolled and engaged to serve (which the said Officer, Serjeant, or other Person) is hereby required to a(k every Man offering to inlist in his Majesty's

Inliflment of i Milhia Man into the standing Ar# my to be void.

Militia Men offering to iolift into other Re-fimcAtt to be

228 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

imprisoned six Months, and if actually inlisted, to fenre in such Regiment when dism'ffed from the M litia.

Persons so in-lifting Militia Men to forfeit 401.

Soldiers offering to fenre as Substitutes, forfeit 10 1.

Persons ordering Serj-ants, &c. of the Militia to beat up for Volunteers to for* feu 201.

Serjemts refuting to declare who gave them such Order!, to be imprisoned.

Rolls signed at S'lbdivinon Meetings to be transmitted to the General Meeting.

other Forces), or shall offer himself to be inrolled and serve in any other Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof, upon the Oath of one Witness before any one Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for and during any Time not exceeding six Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person so offending, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong, as a Soldier, to such Corps of his Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have beenfo inlisted; and if any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall inlist any Man belonging to the Militia, to serve in his Majesty's other Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without asking him if he belongs to the Militia, every such Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if any Person actually serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces shall offer himself to serve and be infolled as a Substitute in the Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, to the Person informing of such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Months.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall give Orders to any Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person serving in the Militia, to beat up in any City, Town, or Place, for Volunteers to serve in the Militia, the Person who shall give such Orders shall, upon Proof thereof, and of such beating up as aforesaid, upon Oath, before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Person who shall make Information thereof before any Justice of the Peace; and if such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person, shall refuse to declare upon Oath, before such Justice, from whom he received such Orders, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby requited, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person, to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding three Months.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, within fourteen Days after every Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, Riding, or Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Meeting.

A State of the N umber of Personi liable to fenre, to be transmitted annually to the Privy Council, who are to settle the QjoU for each Place, and transmit the Numbers to the Coyivy Lieutenants,

Penal ties far re-fating to ftrve, Sec, to be applied in providing Substitute*.

Surplus to be a Part of the regimental Stock.

Oathf may be administered by County Lieu’C-fuaca, &c.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, shall, and he is hereby required to transmit td his Majesty's Privy Council, annually, an Account in Writing of the true State of the Number of Persons fit and liable to serve in the Militia for such County, Riding, or Place; and that after the said Account shall be so transmitted, his Majesty's Privy Council shall forthwith fix and settle, as near as may be, the Number of Militia Men who shall for the future serve for each County, Riding, or Place, by the Proportion which the Numbers so returned bear to the whole Number of Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised, and to transmit Accounts of the Numbers so fixed and settled, to the Lieutenants of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid; and where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled shall be greater than the Number of Militia Men who shall be, by virtue of this Act, appointed to serve for any County, Riding, or Place, then, and in every such Case, the Lieutenant for such County, Riding, or Place, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Militia Men shall serve for each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division within such County, Riding, or Place; and the additional Number of Militia Men, to make up the whole Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be provided or chosen in the same Manner as other Militia Men are by this Act to be provided or chosen, and all the additional Men, so provided or chosen as aforesaid, or their Substitutes, and also all Volunteers, shall take the Oath by this Act required to be taken, and shall be inrolled, or sign their Consent to serve in the Militia, in such Manner as is directed by this Act, and in case of Refusal shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the like Cases are inflicted by this Act: Provided always, That where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled as aforesaid shall be iefs than the Number of Militia Men who shall be appointed to serve for any County, Riding, or Place, then, and in every such Case, the said Lieutenant, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) any three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, discharge by Ballot, proportionally out of each respective Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, or other Division, so many Militia Men as shall exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising by Penalties incurred for refilling to serve in the Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied, by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivisions, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who shall have paid such Penalties, which Substitutes shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the same Term, and on the same Conditions, as is herein before provided in the Case of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and if any Surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the Colonels or Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Independent Companies in which such Persons ought to have served as Militia Men, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter or Thing is directed to be inquired of or examined into upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnesses, before any Lieutenant of any County, or any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Lieutenants Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or axe hereby authorised to acuninifter fucfrOathto any Witness or Witnesses; and that all other Oaths to

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

be taken in pursuance of this Act shall and may be respectively administered by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Number of Men is sufficient, the Militia shall be formed into Regiments, confuting of not more than twelve, nor less than eight Companies, of eighty Private Men to a Company at the most, and sixty Private Men at the lead; and the Pield Officers of such Regiments shall be as follows; (that is to lay), one Colonel, one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major; and where the Number of Militia Men shall amount to a Number under eight, and not less than five Companies, such Militia shall be formed into a Battalion, and the Field Officers of such Battalion shall be one Lieutenant Colonel, and one Major only; and where the Number of Private Men shall amount to any Number under five, and not less than three Companies, such Militia shall be formed into a Battalion with one Lieutenant Colonel, or Major, and no other Field Officer; and in each Regiment or Battalion of Militia there shall be one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign to each Company: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for every Battalion, confiding of five Companies, or upward, to have one Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which two Lieutenants shall be appointed, instead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign; and it shall be lawful for every Regiment, confiding of eight Companies, or upward, to have one Company of Grenadiers, and one Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies two Lieutenants shall be appointed, instead of one Lieutenant and one Ensign.

Ll V. And be it further enacted, That in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Number of Militia Men shall not be sufficient to form a Regiment or Battalion, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Militia of such Counties, Ridings, and Places, shall be formed into Independent Companies, each Company to consist of eighty Private Men at the most, and sixty Private Men at the lead, with one Captain, one Lieutenant, and one Ensign, to each Company; and that his Majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any Number of such Independent Companies, and form a Battalion or BattaLons, or may incorporate them with any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia, provided the Number of Companies in any such Regiment or Battalion be not thereby made to exceed the Number of Companies of which a Regiment or Battalion of Militia is herein before directed to consist.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, to act as Colonel or Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia for such County, Riding, or Place, for and during such Time as there shall not be any Colonel or Commanding Officer appointed to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, but no such Lieutenant shall, at any one Time, aft as Colonel or Commanding Officer to more than one Body of Militia, whether Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, shall take the Command of any Body of Militia not being by this Act deemed a Regiment, heiha1! be intitled to the Rank of Colonel, except when the Laid Company shall be formed into Battalion as aforesaid, but shall receive no greater Pay than the proper Commanding Officer of such Body would be intitled to.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be absent from Great Britain, all the Powers by this Act given to such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be veiled in and lawfully may be exercised by the next Officer in Command in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, who shall be rending within Great Britain, until such Colonel or other Commanding Officer shall be returned to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, and the Clerk of the Peace is hereby required forthwith, upon Receipt of such Notification, to transmit an Account thereof to the Officer who shall have been next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters, and Things done by such Officer next in Command as aforesaid, in exercising the Powers given by this Act to Colonels, and other Commanding Officers, shall be good and valid in the Law, equally as if they had been done by the Colonel or Commanding Officer himself.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That when a Battalion of Militia is commanded by a Lieutenant Colonel, who shall have been Commandant of the same for Five Years, or longer, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which such Battalion shall belong, >vith the Content of his Majesty, to give to such Lieutenant Colonel Commandant a Commission of Colonel.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Counties where the Number of Men are sufficient to form fix Companies, but not sufficient to form a Regiment, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant to appoint three Persons, qualified according to the Directions of this Act, to serve, with the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, and Major, but with no higher Pay than if they were appointed Lieutenant Colonel, Major, and Captain; and where the Number of Men shall be sufficient to form four Companies, but not sufficient to form fix Companies, it shall be hwful for the Lieutenant to appoint two Persons qualified as aforesaid, to serve, with the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel and Major, but that only one of them shall be intitled to any higher Pay than that of Captain; and in all Counties and Places where the Number of Militia Men is not sufficient to form more than two Companies, the eldest Captain shall rank as Major, but shall only be intitled to the Pay of Captain.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person duly qualified as a Lieutenant may be appointed to the Rank of Captain Lieutenant in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia,* confiding of not less than fix Companies; but that no Captain Lieutenant shall, by the Date of his Commission

229

How the Militia are to be formed into Regiments, and officered.

How Independent Companies are to be formed; which may thereafter be formed into Bit ta I ion*.

County Lieutc* nantt may aft and bear Rank as Colonels, though the Qo* dies of Men do not inti le their Commanding Officers to that Rank.

The senior Officer in Great Britain to be levelled with the Powers given to Colonels.

The Rank of

Colonel may be given *0 Lieutenant Colonels Commandant of five Years Ser* vice.

How the Militia is to be officered, where the Numbers are not sufficient for a Regiment,

4

Lieutenants may be appointed Captain Lieutenants, where

230 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

theie are fi* mission or otherwise, be intitled to rank above* or to command apy Captain of a Company in the Compand in Militia.

the Regiment. # t n, II L

Adjutants to be

LX. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and shall appoint one proper Person who shall have appointed fr< m served, or shall at the Time of such Appointment actually serve, in some of his Majesty's other Forces, or the Army or in any j]0(]y Qf Militia that has been drawn out and embodied, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment, Batta-

embodied h ill- jjon> or Independent Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, or Place, and such Adjutant, it ap-R*«nk in the pointed out of his Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the Militia, preserv his Rank in Army to be t>re. the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and the Lieutenant of any County, frrved by Adju- Riding, or Place, may give any such Adjutant a Commission of a Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Ad- tarns, who m.y jutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for a Lieutenant or Ensign; and it shall be lawful alter ’j^Com for ^ie Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer,

itniion omngh of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia raised within such County, Riding, or Place, confuting of not less

not qualified, than iix Companies, to appoint the Adjutant of such Re giment or Battalion to the Rank of Captain by

»nd may have Brevet, provided such Adjutant has served five Years in the Rank of Lieutenant, whether in the Militia, or the Brevet Rank in his Majesty's other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualifications required by this Act of Captain, &c. for Captains: Provided always, That no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the same it be specified in what Regiment or Battalion, and w hether of the Militia or of his Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served in the Rank of Lieutenant, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, That no Adjutant so appointed to the Rank of Captain shall, by the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be intitled to rank above, or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militii, nor shall, by virtue of such Appointment, be intitled to receive any greater Pay than that of a Lieutenant, together with his Pay

as Adjutant.

A Paynuftor LaI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Of* °ointedto cr every or Battalion of Militia, confiding of more than two Companies, when such Regi-

Batulion°of ment or Battalion is not in actual Service, may appoint a Regimental or Battalion Clerk, who shall exc-

more than two cute the Office of Pavpialler; but where the Number of Men shall not be sufficient to form more than

Companici f b«t two Companies, no Clerk shall be allowed, but the Receiver General of the Land Tax shall pay the Money the Money i»t* necessary for such Number of Men to the Commanding Officer of such Company or Companies, which Nnmbefto be Commanding Officer shall account with the Receiver General for the same, paid to the Commaadiaf Officer.

Vo Adjutant,

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Surgeon, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Quarter &c. to be ap- Matter in the Militia, shall be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company; and that no Person pointed Captain holding* the Commission of Captain of a Company mail be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Company, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or Quarter Matter: Provided nevertheless, That any Battalion Clerk may be appointed a Captain Lieutenant in any Regiment or Battalion of Mditia intitled by the Provisions or this Act to have a Captain Lieutenant.

Half Pay Offi-

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is intitled to Half Pay, shall be deemed or cma ftrving »a taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Bat-mat to7^f talion Clerk, Pay matter. Quarter Matter, or Surgeon, in any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Com* their°Half Pay. PanY of Militia, hut that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath directed by the Act for punishin? Mutiny and Defer tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to be takea rby such Officer, he shall take the following Oath:

T A’ B. do swear, That I had not, bewccn the any

u Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half M Pay as a reduced in late Regiment of

M save and except my Pay as Lieuterfant, Ensign, Adjutant, Battalion Clerk, Pay matter. Quarter Matter,

" or Surgeon [as the case may fc], for serving in a Regiment of Militia.

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to intitle such Person tg receive his Half Pay.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be appointed to the Militia in the following Proportions v (that is to say), when not in actual Service there shall be one Serjeant and one Corporal to every thirty Men, and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, an Addition shall be made, so that there shall be one Serjeant and one Corporal to every twenty Men, and when not in actual Service, there shall be one Drummer to every Company, with an Addition of one Drummer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions confuting of fix or more Companies, and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, there shall be an Addition of one Drummet to every Company so drawn out; and the daily Pay of every such Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, shall be as follows; (that is to say), to every Serjeant one. Shilling, to every Corporal eight Pence, and to every Drummer six Pence; and such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers shall be new cloathed, when not inadual Service, once in two Years: And all Serjeants and Corporals shall take the following Oath; (that is to lay),

« 1 A. B»

Form of Oath Co be taken by such Oficcra.

Proportion of Honcommifftooed Officers and Drummer*, when the Militia ia not on odual Service, and their Pay,

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

4i T A\ S. do sincerely promise and (wear. That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to his Majesty fC A King George; and I do swear that I am a Protestant, and that I will faithfully serve as a Serjeant, or u Corporal [as the Case shall be]% in the Militia within the Kingdom of Great Britain, for the Defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged."

And the Colonel of every Regiment or Battalion, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer of every Battalion confining of four or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant Major out of the Serjeants, and a Drum Major out of the Drummers; and that all Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, having received any Pay as such from any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, until they shall be legally difehareed: Provided always, That no Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall /ell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail,/hall be capable of being appointed or serving as a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, in the Militia: Provided always, That if it shall happen that in any Regiirumtor Battalion there shall be a Surplus of fifteen Men or upwards, after the Apportionment of one Serjeant and one Corporal to every thirty Men, such Regiment or Battalion shall be intitled to have one additional Corporal, when not in actual Service, for such Surplus Number of Men.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, may be discharged by the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) by the Commanding Officer (with the Con/ent of the Captain of the Company); and that the Captain (with the Approbation of the Commanding Officer), may appoint any proper Person in the Room of every Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, who/bail die, desert, or be di/-chaxged, all which Serjeants and Corporals, so appointed, shall take the like Oath as is hereinbefore required to be taken by Serjeants ancf Corporals.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case his Majesty's Lieutenant for any County, or the Commanding Officer of 3ny Regiment, Battalion or Independent Company, shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than one per Company, to be employed as Fifers or Musicians for the Use of the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to retain in their respective Corps any Number of the Drummers who now are employed as Fifers or Musicians therein, over and above the Number of one Drummer per Company established by this Act, or at any Time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Corps; and all such Drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such Corps as Fifers or Musicians, shall be deemed as Drummers of Militia within the Meaning of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same Orders, Regulations, Penalties and Punishments, as other Drummers of Militia are by this Act subject, and shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive the same Pay and Cloathing as other Drummers have, or better. Cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person being a Serjeant bn the Establishment of Chelsea Ncfpitaiy at the Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, and being appointed to serve in the Militia, shall and may receive the said Allowance of twelve Pence a Day, together with his Pay from the said Militia; and any Person who shall have faithfully served as a Serjeant in the Militia for fifteen Years, or as a Corporal or Drummer for twenty Years, and who shall be ddcharged on account of Age or Infirmity, shall, on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to which he belongs, and the Lieutenant, and two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding, or Place, to which the said Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company belongs, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, by the Commanding Officer, and three or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding, or Place, be intitled to Examination at the Chelsea Board, and be capable to be placed on the Pensionot five Pence per Die:n, if the said Board /hould judge him deserving thereof: Provided that no Person who shall be appointed a Serjeantin the Militia after the passing of this Act, shall be intitled to such Recompence, until he shall have served in the Militia, or in the Army and Militia, for twenty Years.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Militia to be appointed as aforesaid shall be trained and exercised by Regiment, Battalion,* or Independent Company, once in every Year for twenty-eight Days together, in the Manner herein after directed, at such Time and Place as shall be lead inconvenient to the Publick, such Time and Place to be appointed by a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy, to be* holden as herein before directed, within every County, Riding, and Place, or in Default of any such Meeting being holden then by the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place, or by three Deputy Lieutenants, authorised by his Majesty to ait when the Lieutenant shall be out of Great Britain as aforesaid; and during such Time as the Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in any Act of Parliament, which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with rcfiieil to the Militia, and all the Officers, Non-commi/Iloned Officers, and, Private Men of the same, in.all Cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to Lois of Life or Limb.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise of the Militia Men of each Parish, Tything, and Place, shall be sent, by the Clerk of the General Meetings, to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the Zeveral Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds* Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, which Constables, Tythingmen,

231

Form of the Oath ro be taken by Serjeanti, See,

Serjeant Major* and Drum Major* 10 be appointed.

No P*iblican,4re. capable of Terming as a Ser^ jrant. &c.

A Surplus of 15 Men, above the Proportion of 30 to 1 Corpora), to intitie the Battalion to an additional Corpora). Commanding Officer* roaydif-charge Serjeants, Sec, and the Captains may appoint Successora*

Extra Drummers

may be kept as Musicians, hot not at the Expence of the Publick.

Serjeant* of Che) Tea Hospital may receive theix Allowance there* from, together with their Pay* What Service intitie* Serjeants, &c. to a Recommends* tion to 'heChel* lea Pension.

Militia to be ex* erci fed for 28 successive Days annually, and amenable to the Mu iny Laws.

Notice of the Time and Place of Exercise to be affixed on the Church Doors*

232 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Tea Dm prior ft) the Annual Exercise, Lists of the Men inrolled, to be sent to the respefUro Commanding Officers, dec.

Headboroughs, or other Officers, shall cause such Notice as^ aforesaid to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings, or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything, or Place thereunto adjoining j and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise, according to such Notice.

LXX. And be it hardier enacted, That the Clerics of the several Subdivision Meetings, in every County, Riding, or Place, shall, ten Days at leait before the Time so appointed for the Annual Exercise, cause a full and true Lift, specifying the Name and Date of the Inrollment of all the Persons inrolled (within each Subdivision respectively) to serve in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to be transmitted to the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, or to such Person as shall be appointed by Inch Commanding Officer to receive the same; and shall in like Manner cause a Duplicate of such Lift to be transmitted to the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company.

From which Lifts, two Thirds of the complete Number shall be chosen by Ballot, at the first Meeting for Exercise.

The Dsy after the Ballot, the Regiment, dec. to be mattered, dec*

Vacancies by Death, &c. to be filled of by Ballot at the first Meeting.

The Men bal-Jofted to be exert i fed, and the Remainder discharged from Attendance*

The Men fo discharged, liable to Military Law, while they remain where the Regiment h af-iembled;

and to appear on Notice, at aoy subsequent Place of Exercise.

Persons not chosen by Ballot, may serve for Inch as are.

Authority to Magistratet to billet the Militia.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That at the first Meeting for Annual Exercise that shall be appointed after the passing of this Act, the Commanding Officer of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall, on the first Day oh which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company is directed to assemble as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers as shall be then and there assembled, proceed to cause such a Number of the Persons inrolled to serve in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lift returned for each Subdivision, as shall be equal to two Thirds of the comnleat Number that ought to be inrolled on the Lift of such Subdivision: Provided always, that where the Number of Men that ought to be inrolled for any Subdivision, cannot be divided into three equal Parts, the two Thirds, to be choien by Ballot as aforesaid, shall be computed upon the next highest Number that can be divided into three equal Parts.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That on the Day next after such Ballot, the Commanding Officer shall cause the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to be mustered according to the Subdivision for which each Person shall have been inrolled to serve, and shall cause the Roll of each Subdivision respectively to be publickly called; and as the Name of each Person contained therein shall be read, he shall declare whether such Person is, or is not (as the Case may be) ballotted out of such Roll in the Manner herein before provided.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Vacancy or Vacancies shall happen by the Death or Discharge of any Person or Persons so ballotted as aforesaid, or by the Expiration of the Term for which any Person or Persons so ballotted as aforesaid shall have been inrolled to serve, the Commanding Officer of eaefi Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall, at the next Meeting to be appointed for Annual Exercise after such Vacancy shall have happened, proceed to Ballot in the Manner herein before directed, for such further Number as shall be wanting to com pleat the full Proportion of two Thirds of the Number of which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, ought to consist.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Rich Person or Persons as the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall declare to have been so ballotted out of such Roll as aforesaid, shall be trained and exercised for the Time, and in the Manner herein before directed, during every Year for which such Person or Persons is or are inrolled to serve; and all and every such Person or Persons as the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall declare to have been not so ballotted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further Attendance during the Remainder of the Term appointed for the Annual Exercise.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every such Person or Persons so discharged as aforesaid, shall, during the Time he or they shall remain in the Town or Place where such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company is assembled, be subject and liable to the same Orders, Regulations, Penalties, and Punishments, as the Persons so chosen to be trained and exercised as aforesaid are by this Act subject, unless such Person or Persons shall be usually resident, or have his or their Place of Abode in such Town or Place.

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all such Persons as shall be so discharged as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required personally to appear at any subsequent Time or Place of Exercise, of which due Notice shall be given as required by this Act, and shall, on Default of such Appearance, be subject to the same Penalties and Punishments as any other Person or Persons inrolled to serve in such Regiment, Battalion or Independent Company, is or may by this or any other Act be subject to.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any inrolled Person, not chosenby Ballot as aforesaid, shall offer himself as a Volunteer to be trained and exercised in the Room of any Person so chosenby ballot, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to accept such Volunteer in the Room of such Person so ballotted as aforesaid; and such Person so accepted, shall be trained and exercised in the same iVlanner, and under the same Regulations, and for the same Term, as if he had himself been chosen by Ballot as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tyth-ingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Magistrates, and Officers of Cities, Towns, rarishes, Tythings, and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any such City, Town, Parish, Tything, or Place (but for no others), and they or he are or is hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men (erving in the Militia, at the Times when they shall be called out to Annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Victualling Houses, and all Houses of Persons felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine, or Metheglin by Retail, upon Application made to any such Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or

other

Militia Men falling sick on the March ro bp relieved* and ibf Expence to be repaid by the County Tiea-furer.

Justices mty grant Warrants for impressing Carriages for tht Militia on its March.

A.D. 1786V Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 2

other Chief Magistrates, or Officers, by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or bjrthe Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Militia of the County, Hiding, or Placte, where they shall be so called out to exercise as aforesaid; and when the Militia fe not embodied, all Mayors and other Chief Magistrates, and Officers aforesaid, or (in their Default or Absence) any one Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may, and they or he are or is hereby required to order and provide convenient Lodging, in such Houses as aforesaid, for the Serjeants,

Corporals, and Drummers of the Militia.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall on his March, or at the Place where he shall be called out to Annual Exercise, be difebled, by Sickness, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order him such Relief as such Justice, Mayor, oj Chief Magistrate, shall think reasonable, and the same shall be given by the Officers or the Parish, Tything, or Place where such Militia Man shall then be; and the Officers giving such Relief shall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof to the Treasurer of the County,

Hiding, or Place, for which such Militia Man shall serve (such Account being first allowed under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace), be reimbursed such Expences by such Treasurer, and he shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Place, being thereunto required by an Order from the Lieutenant, or from any Deputy Lieutenant, of such County, Hiding, or Place, or from the Colonel, or other Chief Commissioned Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Company, or Detachment of Militia, being within such County, Riding, or Place, to issue his Warrant to the Chief Constables of Hundreds,

Rapes Laths, Wapentakes or Divisiotis, or to the Constables, Tythingmen, Head boroughs, or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings, or Places, from, through, near, or to which any such Regiment,

Battalion, Company, or Detachment of Militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient Carriages to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Powder, Match, Bullets, and other Stores, with able Men to drive such Carriages, as shall be mentioned in the said Order; and in case such (efficient Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything, or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for any adjoining County,

Riding, or Place, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his Warrant to the Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headborough*, or other such Officers of any Hundred, Rape, Lath,

Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything, or Place within such adjoining County, Hiding, or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make ud such Deficiency of Carriages and Men; and such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant, or Colonel, or other Chief Commissioned Officer, requiring such Carriages and Men to be provided as aforesaid, shall, at the same Time, pay to every such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Head-borough, or other Officer, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with five Horses, and any Wain with l*ix Oxen, or with four Oxen and two Horses, shall respectively travel, and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel, and so in Proportion for any Carriages drawn by any less Number of Horses or Oxen, for which respective Sums every Chief Conftame, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer receiving the same, is hereby required to give a Receipt to the Person paying the same; and every such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, \\rapen-takes, Parishes, Tythings, or Places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men according to the Warrant aforesaid, and every Person so ordered is hereby required to provide and fumtfb the same accordingly for one Day’s Journey, and no more; and in case any such Chief Constables,

Constables, Tythingmen, headboroughs, or other Officers, shall be at any Charges for such Carriages, over and above the Money which shall be so received by them as aforesaid, such Overplus shall be borne by every County, Riding, or Place where such additional Expence shall be incurred, and be repaid to them, without Fee or Reward, by the Treasurer of every such County, Riding, or Place, out of the publick Stock.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company of Militia, shall, and is hereby required, as often as the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall be called out to Annual Exercise as before directed, to return, to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place to which the same belongs, a true State of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company; and in case any such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall refuse or neglect, for six Months after the said Annual Exerci(e, so to do, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and nay the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for Annual Exercise, according to the Directions of this Act (Notice having been published as this Act requires), shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken until after the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and also every Militia Man who, having joined the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which he belongs, shall desert or absent himself during the Time of Annual Exercise, and shall not be taken until afterv the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and if such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any such Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence shall commit such Militia Man to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of six Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty,

a6 Geo. III. H h LXXXIII. And

Rates to be paid for such Clf-riages.

If the Expellee exceed the Ratct of Carriage, the Surplus to be paid by the Treasurer of the County, Arc.

When the Militia is called out to Annual Exercise, Sta^e thereof to be sent to the County Lieu* tenant.

Militia Men not appearing at, «X absenting the m-lelves during lb* Annual Bxer-cife, and not taken up fill after the Ere*. «»fe, to fetfelt

9 k

y

234* p. to7* 'Aaiuo vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Another Man to be ba lotted for, if a Defector does not return in three Months.

Defected liable to feree their Term, whenever taken of.

Substitutes de-fertipg. liable to serve their full nr, *her-~ ever taken up.

’Notice of apprehending Desert-e/9 to be Cent to the Clerk of the $ubdi vilion.

Mnikets to be narked.

Penalty on fell* aog Arms, &c.

Penalty on boy* srg Arms, &c.

t

Men may be pot under Stoppages to buy themNc diaries, &c.

Adjutant*, &c. may be tried by 11 Court-martial, for Offences committed when the Militia i« not embodied.

Serjeants and Corporals may be reduced to brve as Privatec.

Arms, whexuiot wanted, to be kept in a Place to be appointed by the Com* standing Officer. One Third Part of the Serjeanti,

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return, or be taken within the Space of three Months,* from the Time of his so deferring or absenting himself, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, to the Deputy Lieutenants at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was inrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned* to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, in the Room of every such Militia Man; and in case such Militia Man shall at any Time return or betaken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner, and for the same d erm, as if no Person had been so chosen in his Room.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being sworn and inrolled to serve as a Substitute in the Militia, shall afterward desert or absent himself from the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which he belongs, every such Person shall be liable to, and shall serve as a Militia Man, in such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, for and during the full Term for which he shall have been inrolled, to be computed from the Day on which he shall be apprehended, and shall also be subject to such other Penalty or Punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such Offence by virtue of this Act; and the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, shall cause Notice to be given to the Clerk of the Subdivision for which such Person was inrolled, of the Day on which he was apprehended, and such Clerk shall make an Entry in the Roll of the Militia Men of the Name of such Person, and also of the Time of his being so apprehended.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be marked distinctly, in feme visible Place, with the Letter (M), and the Name of the County, Riding, or Place, to which they belong; and in case any Militia Man shall sell, pawn, or lose any of his Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good Order to his Captain, or to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding three Pounds; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in Exchange, conceal, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, or Accoutrements, belonging to any Militia Man, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of three Months, or shall cause such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company to put the Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding six Pence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with Linen, and also with Stockings and otter Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man’s INegled: Provided always, That every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deduded what shall have been laid out and paid for Necessaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if any there shall be) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the same belongs, before such Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, and Drummer of the Militia, shall be at all Times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for die Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to direct the holding of Courts-martial whenever such Regiment or Battalion shall be embodied for the Purpose of Annual Exercise, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major, or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, for any Offence committed during the Time such Regiment or Battalion was not embodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant or Corporal of the Militia may, by Sentence of aCourt-martial, be reduced to the Condition of aJPrivate Soldier of the Militia, to serve as such during any

iNoi>-

Time not exceeding fifteen Months; after which Time, if not regularly re-appointed to the Rank of a J commissioned Officer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the Arms belonging to every Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, when not embodied, shall be keot in such convenient Place as the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) as the Commanding Officer mail direct, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, or Place*

XCI. And be it further enacted, That one Third Part at the lead in Number of the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers in every Regiment, Battalion, and Independent Company, shall confront] y be reddest

A.' D. 1788. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. -C. 107.

Jident within the City, Town, or Place where the Arms belonging to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company are kept, and shall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who shall act in such Command under the Orders of the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) of the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company; and that the Adjutant, and in the Absence of the Adjutant the Serjeant Major, shall make a Monthly Return of the true State of the Seij^ants, Corporals, and Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion, or Company, severally, to the Lieutenant of the County, and the Commanding Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion, or Company, in Default of which, on each such *Neg!e£l, such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall be subject to such Punishment as a Court-martial shall adjudge; and that no Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall be absent from such City, Town, or Place, without a regular Furlough from his Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) from the Commanding Officer; and every Serjeant, Corporal, and Drummer, who shall absent himself without such Furlough, shall be liable to be apprehended as a Deserter; and such Adjutant shall never absent himself from such City, Town, Or Place, without Leave of the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) of the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company: Provided nevertheless, That whenever such Adjutant shall be absent, with such Leave as aforesaid, then such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, shall be under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of foine Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the said Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Militia Man shall not join the Regiment or Battalion to which be belongs at the Time of Annual Exercise, or shall desert during the Time of Annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise, and if the Commanding Officer or the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion, or the Commanding Officer of the Company of such Regiment or Battalion, to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment or Battalion at the Time of Annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the Time.of Annual Exercise (as the Case may be), and fend the same, by a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion of the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Offender is suppoied to be or refuie; and the Adjutant or Serjeant Major to whom such Certificate shall be sent, shall direct a Party of the Screams, Corporals, or Drummers of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs^ to assist in apprehending such Offender, and in conveying him before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place wherein such Offender shall be apprehended; and ifj by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such justice, it shall appear or be found that such Person is guilty of such Offence^ such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, Riding, or Place, in the Way to the County, Riding, or Place to which such Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regiment or Battalion, who mall cause him to be conveyed in like Manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion of the next County, Riding, or Place, and so in like Manner, until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as this Act directs in Cases of Militia Men deferring or absenting themselves from their Duty; and from the Time of his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until he is brought before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Offender shall be subsisted at the Rate of six Pence per Day, from the Stocks of the County, Riding, or Place to which &ch Regiment, Battalion, or Company belongs, for which Subsistence such Justice is hereby required to make an Order upon the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place: And if any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, shall desert from the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Head-borough, Constable, or other Officer, of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably fuf-pe$ed to be such Deserter shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended, and taken before any Justice of the Peace living in or near to such Town or Place, who is hereby impowered t6 examine such suspe&ed Person; and if. by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is such Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith Cause him to be conveyd to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other publick Prison. in the Town or Place in or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons authorised to receive him as herein after directed, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Deserter belongs; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Person, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter, for his Maintenance, during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, but shall not be intitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and such Clerk of the General Meetings receiving such Account dull immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of his County or Riding, and also to the Adjutant, or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, of such Regiment or Battalion, and where there are more than one Regiment or Battalion, such Clerk shall fend such Copy to all the Colonels or other Commanding Officers of Regiments and Battalions, and also to all the Adjutants, or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, within his County or Riding; and the Colonel, or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant, or Officer commanding the Serjeants* Corporals, and Drummers of such Regiment or Battalion, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid* to fend any

*35

&c. to refine inhere the Anns are kept.

Monthly Return* of the S-r-jeinn, Sec, to b« Tent to the County Lieutenant* Serjean «, &c. absenting the m* feltei without Fu'ioughr, to be deemed Desert* tn.

Adjutant n*>? to beaofent with* cu Leave. Serjeant M *ior to a 5* as Acjj-tant in hM /*b-ien.e.

Method of Proceeding when Information if received of the Refience of a Milica Man* n^t joining at the Annual Ejock ife.

Method of Pifl^ ceeding when Serjeanti. Sec, defe.t.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

,236 C. 107.

A.D. 1786.

Deserten tniy

be trier! by a

Court-martial,

&c<

Gaoler* refuting to receive De-frrfen, to forfeit aoa. -

Serjeanti employed in apprehending, &c.

Persons apprehending Deserters, to be paid ao«»

Personi concealing, &c. Deserter*, forfeit 51.

His Majesty may oeder the Militia to be embodied in Caset of Invasion, Sic. and commanded by General Officers, Ate.

While embodied to be subject to the Articles of War, lee.

Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers of his Regiment or Battalion, to the Place where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shall also fend, by such Secant, Corporal, or Drummer, or the Serjeant commanding such Pam* of Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand and Seal, to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, re-ouiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case one only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion of the County, Riding, or Place, where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers, under his Command, to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, in the same Manner as before directed with respect to the conveying of private Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion to which they belong; and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall take such Deserter before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place co which he belongs, w: o shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol, House of Correction, or other publick Prison of such County, Riding, or Place, where he shall remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until the Regiment or Battalion to wh.ch he belongs shall be embodied for Annual Exercise or for actual Service (which mail first happen): and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion shall then ilFue an Order, under his Hand and Seal, to the Keeper of the Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, where such Deserter shall be confined, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and such Colonel or Commanding Officer is hereby impowered and required to summon and hold a Court Martial for the Trial of such Defeiter, in such Manner, and with the same Power and Authority, as shall be given and directed by any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if upon any such Trial such Deserter shall be found guilty, it shall be lawful to punish such Deserter in such Manner as such Court Martial shall, in their Discretion, think fit, according to the Powers and Provisions of such Act, and of the Articles of War, but so that no such Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb: And all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall (if required so to do by any Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, employed in conveying any such Militia Man, or Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer, so offending, to the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs as aforesaid) receive into their Custody, and confine such Offender for such Time as they shall be respectively 1b required as aforesaid, not exceeding twenty-four Hours; and every such Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, while they are employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, shall be billetted in like Manner as Serjeants, Corporals, or Drummers belonging to his Majesty's other Forces, employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters, are to be billetted.

Defcrten to 'be billetted.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace, before whom any Deserter shall be convicted, shall and may issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter shall belong, or (where there is no Clerk) to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Clerk, or such Commanding Officer, to pay, out of the Stock of such Regiment or Battalion, the Sum of twenty Shillings to the Person who shall have apprehended such Deserter; and such Clerk or Commanding Officer is hereby authorised and required to pay the lame accordingly upon Demand.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any Deserter, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion* or upon imminent Dangerthereof, and in all Cases of Rebellion or Insurrection, it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then fitting or in being) to order and direct the Lieutenants of the said several Counties, Ridings, and Places, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence from their respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, of any of them, then any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, with all convenient Speed, to draw out and embody all the Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies of Militia within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, herein before appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty shall in nis Wisdom judge necessary, and in such Manner as shall be belt adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger, and to put the said Forces under the Command of such General Officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Forces to be led by their respective Officers into any Parts of this Kingdom, for the repelling and Prevention of any such Invasion, and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection within this Realm of Great Britain \ and the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and private Men of the several Regiments, Battalions, and Independent Companies of the Militia, shall, from the Time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall be returned again, by his Majesty Orders, to their respective Parishes or Places of Abode, remain under the Command of such General Officers, and during such Time as aforesaid all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be in force with respect to the Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non-commi ffioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Militia, in all Cases whatsoever.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole, or any Part of the Militia directed by this Act to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall cause the Militia to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within fourteen Days, his Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet And fit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to fit and ail, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Ruling, or Place) any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any such Order as aforesaid from his Majesty shall be tiire&ed, shall issue his or their Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers, of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, or other Divisions, within their respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, with Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officeis, of the several Parishes, Tythings, and Places, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and Divisions, and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Pariftes, Tythings, or Places, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order: and if any Militia Man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as afore-6td (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended, and punuhed as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in force for punishing Mutiny and De-fcrtton, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and if any Person shall harbour or conceal any Militia Man when ordered out into actual Service, knowing him to be a Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of five rounds.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in the Militia shall fit in any Court Martial, upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces; nor shall any Officer serving in any of his Majesty's other Forces fit in any Court Martial, upon the Trial of any Officer or Private Man serving in the Militia.

C. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, and during (he Time they shall continue in actual Service, the Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer thereof, shall and may appointan Agent to such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, and shall take Security from such Agent; and such Colonel, or (where there is no Colonel) the Commanding Officer, shall be and is hereby made subje&and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen, from the said Agent or from him-IHf, upon Account of the Pay, Clothing, or publick Stock of such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company.

CI. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Riding, or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such County, Riding, or Place shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay, to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Militia lo ordered out, the Sum of one Guinea, for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Company; and the said Receiver General shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company as aforesaid the Sum of one Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may be after such Recruit shall have joined his Company, while out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Money, so paid by the said Receiver GeneraL shall be allowed him in his Account), and the Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer (or lb much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper), shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, before any Militia Man of his Company receives his Discharge, account to such Militia Man how the said Sum of one Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Militia Man.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Person so ballotted and inrolled for any Regiment of Militia shall be prolonged, as aforesaid, beyond the Term of five Years, then and in such Case the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place, to which such Militia Man shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain, or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively, the Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose Term of Service shall be so prolonged; and in case such Term shall be prolonged for more than three Years, then at the Expiration of three Yckrs he shall pay the like further Sum of one Guinea for every Person whose Term shall be it further prolonged $ and shall in like Manner, at the Expiration of every additional Term of three Years, pay the like further Sum of one Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer (or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Militia Man; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, from Time to Time, account to such Militia Man how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such Militia Man receives his Discharge, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied, dilpoied of, and accountei for

m

Not to be ordered out of Great Britain.

When the Militia is called " out, hi» M may issue a Proclamation, for the Meeting oft Parliament in 14 Days.

When the Militia is rdered to be called oii% the County Lieutenant, fee to iflut.Orderi accordingly.

Militia Officers not to fit on ibe Trial of Officers of the other Forces.

An Agent any be app tntrd by the Colonel, from whom he is to take Security.

When the Militia is ordered our, the Receiver General of the Land Tax to pay one Guinea for the Use of each Maa.

Captains to account with the

Men for the same.

Bounties to be paid when the Terms of Service are prolonged.

238 C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

Militia emb#-di -J, i» titled to the same Pay at the other Forcet.

Non commissioned Officer*,

&c, mairr.ed in Service, inti’ied

to ihe Benefit of Chelsea Hospital.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That, from the Date of his Majesty's Warrant for drawing the Militia out into actual Service, the Officers and Private Men of the Militia shall be intitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Private Men of his Majesty's other Regiments of boot receive, and no other; and if any Noa-commissioned Officer or Private Man of the Militia shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally intitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man belonging to any of his Majesty's other Forces.

Militia, when difsmbodird, to be liable only to the (Jrden they w.-re before {Uawn out.

The Powers, arc. give a to Nar-thumbf rJand, to extend to Berwick upon Tweed, dec. and their Militia r« join that of Nor* tbombciijod*

CIV. And be it further cuafled, That when the Militia, or any Part thereof having been so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Private Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men, shall be subject to the same Orders, Directions, and Engagements-only as they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

CV. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given, and Provisions made by this Act, with re-fpc£t to the County of Northumberland, and the Militia thereof, shall extend to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the Liberties thereof (except only in such Cales where by this Act it is otherwise expressly provided for); and that out of the Persons returned in the Lifts for the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed, a Number of Private Militia Men shall be chosen by Ballot to serve for the said Town, in the same Proportion with the Private Militia Men appointed to serve for the other Hundreds, Wards, and other Divisions within the said County of Northumberland; and if Persons can be found within the said Town and Liberties thereof, with such Qualifications as are required for Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, within Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, the Chief Magistrate of the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed fhd\\ appoint five Deputy Lieutenants, and such Number of Officers of the Militia^ as shall be proportional to the Number of Militia Men which the said Town shall raise as their Quota, towards the Militia of the County of Northtntiberland \ and the Lieutenant of the said County, and Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers and Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, for railing and training the Militia within the said County, are hereby authorised and required to put this Act into Execution within the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, but subject nevertheless to such Penalties as are inflicted upon Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers of the Militia for adtingnot being duly qualified; and that the Militia Men to be chosen for the said Town shall join the Militia of the County of Northumberland, and be exercised together, and shall then, and also ip-Time of actual Service, be deented Part of the Militia of the County of Northumberland.

CVI. And whereas the ordering the Militia in' the Isle of Wight has always been in the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said island/ be.it enacted, That after the Number of Persons which the said island is to furnish to the Militia of the County of 'Southampton fh$l hayt; beeo"apppint?4,;^s' by.this Act is directed, by his Majesty's Lieutenant and the Deputy Lieutenants, or by the XJepuJ^L^u^nants'of the said County at large, the Governor of the said island shall appoint the Officere bfe'jja^fed ip ffie

said island, and shall and is hereby impowered and required to act in the Ex&ciitlon of in the same

Manner as his Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties ardfiereby impowered and required ft/adl, and shall appoint five or more Deputies to act with hito in, and for the said ;Islandj. which Deputies.and. Officers oT ^he Militia shall be qualified in the same Manner, andarfe hdreby ifnpowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act in the same Manner, and under the same DiVedfions, Provisions, and Penalties, as Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, in the: several Counties within the Dominion of Wales, are by ]>dt to; and the Militia of the said Iilqnd shall be raised in the farpe Manner‘as the Militia of ,tii£ County of Southampton, and shall be deemed a Part of the Mifipa of the Taid Co.unty; and after the same /halt be so ra.fed, the said Governor, Lieutenant Govei'nbr/ and exercising the said Militia within the said'

and the Deputy Lieutenants are by this Act authonied hnd'diiycteti any % e urny, vvj thin that Fyt

of Great Britain called England; and the Militia so raised within the said island /ft&Kbe continued aiij remain within the said island as an internal Defence thereof, unless his Majesty shall "oUapr^ilc.order and direct.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That for the several Purposes of this^A^t, the Constablety jptfi\ Graihy which is a Parcel of the County of Durham, surrounded by Part of the North Riding, of tte:‘County of Torky shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of the said North Riding;- and that that Part of the Parish of Makery which lies in the County of Cornwall shall be deemed.to be situate within, and Part of the County of Cornwall; and that the Town and Parish of Wokingham f hkll be ^oerned to be fituarte/ within, and Part of the County of Berks; and that the Township of Filey fhifi^e deemed to be situate eciks; Fifey of part of the East Riding of the County of York; and that Threapwood fhifl rbe. deemed tp. be situatCriftithiiu IfVwklhirc1"* anc* ^art °* Parish of Worthenbury, in the County of Flint \ and that die Parish of Saint N/artin, called Threapwood of Stamford Barony in the Suourbs of the Borough and Town of Stamfora\ on the South Sidethe Waters Flint; and called Wellandy shall be deemed to be situate within, and Part of the County of Lincoln.

Stamford Baron CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Towns and Places herein before mentioned, and of Lincolnshire; deemed to be situate within, and Part of the several Counties, Ridings, and Places aforesaid, for the Pur-^b« Authority P°^es of this Act, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, oftbeLitute- T T*joes of the Peace, and other Officers of the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, within which such »ant», &c of Towns and Places are hereby deemed to be situate: any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not-Hiofc Couatiff, standing

3 ClX.ProvkW

t»oxernnr of the Me of Wight to appoint the Officrts, *c. for that Mi ilia, Sec, who art to be qualified like fkofe for Walcf.

To be raised a», and deemed ft Fart of, the Southampton Militia; and continue in fhd Wind, un-otherwise ordered by his Majesty.

Craike to be tlrcmed Part of the North Riding of Ynk-ih\re; Maker of Cornwall; Wokingham of

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

CIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Tinners in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall; but that the Warden of the Stannaries in pursuance of his Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he shall commissionate and authorise under him* shall have and use the like Powers, and array, alfefs, arm, muster, and exercise the said Tinners within the said Counties, or either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient Privileges and Customsof the said Stannaries.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the several Lieutenants who are or shall be commissioned for die Militia of the City of London, shall continue to lift and levy the Train Bands and Auxiliaries of the said City, in Manner as heretofore.

CXI. And whereas the Militia of the Tower Division, in the County of Middlesex, commonly known by the Name of The Tower Hamlets, is, and always has been, under the Command of his Majesty's Con-4 (table of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, for the Service and Preservation of that Royal Fort \ be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Constable or Lieutenant, from Time to Time, to appoint his Deputy Lieutenants, and to give Commissions to a proper Number of Officers to train and discipline the Militia, to be raised within and for the said Division or Hamlets, pursuant to ati Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of Kir,g Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, and to form the same in two Regiments, of eight Companies each, in such Manner as the said Constable or Lieutenant hath used to do; and for defraying the Decenary Charges of Trophies, and other incident Expences of the Militia of the same Division or Hamlets, it shall be lawful for the said Constable or Lieutenant to continue to raise, in every Year, the Proportion of a fourth Part of one Month’s Assessment of Trophy Money within the said Division or Hamlets, in such Manner as he hath used to do, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

CXII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Lieutenant of the said Tower Hamlets shall be out of the Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Deputy Lieutenants of the said Hamlets for the Time b6ing, or the major Part of them, airembled at a public Meeting to be called for that Purpose, to do all Acts, Matters, and Things, relating to the said Militia of the said Hamlets, which might lawfully have been done by the said Lieutenant, and the same shall be good and valid in Law, as if done by the said Lieutenant; and that no Commission, Warrant, or Appointment, granted or made to any Deputy Lieutenant, or other Perfom of, for, or concerning the Militia of the said Tower Hamlets, shall be vacated or become void by reason of the Death or Removal of such Lieutenant of the said Ttnver Hamlets.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Constable of the Tower% or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shall appoint a Treasurer of the said Trophy Money, for receiving and paying such Monies as shall be levied by virtue of the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second 5 which said Treasurer shall yearly account, in Writing, and upon Oath, for the same to the said Constable or Lieutenant, or his Deputy Lieutenants, or any three or more of them, and which Accounts for the same shall be certified to the Justices of the Peace for the said Division or Hamlets, at their next General or Quarter Sessions; and that the said Constable or Lieutenant shall not issue out Warrants for raising ukf Trophy Money, until the Justices of the Peace^or the major Part of them, at such Sessions, shall have examined, rated, and allowed the Accounts of the Trophy Money raised, levied, and collected for thepre-Ceding Year and certified the same under the Hands and Seals of four or more of such Justices, unless in Cases where it shall appear to such Justices that, by reason of the Death of such Treasurer, or otherwise, such Accounts cannot be passed.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, and their Members, and in his Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall put in Execution, within the said Ports, Towns, and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, in like Manner as Lieutenants of Counties, and their Deputy Lieutenants, may do, and shall keep up and continue the usual Number of Soldiers in the said Ports, Towns, and Members, unless he or they find Cause to lessen the same 1 aOd the Militia of the said Ports. Towns, and Members, shall remain separate from the Militia of the several Counties within which the said Ports, Towns, and Members are situate; and it shall be lawful for the said Warden, or his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, in pursuance of Orders from his Majesty, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, notwithstanding one or more Months Pay advanced be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the Soldiers into actual Service, and to cause the Persons charged as by the said Act, to provide their Soldiers with Pay in Hand, not exceeding one Month’s Pay, in such Manner as if all the ray advanced and provided had been reimbursed, and to use the like Powers, and to array, affels, and arm, tnufter, and exercise, the said Soldiers, and to make Assessments, and rflue Warrants for the Assessments made, or to be made, for raising any Trophy Money, and for defraying the necessary Charges of Trophies, and other incident Expences of the Militia of the said Ports, Towns, and Members, as hath been heretofore used, and according to their ancient Privileges and Customs, any Thing in the said Act, or this Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXV. And whereas, for the different Rapes in the Counties of Sussex and Eqjl Kent, there are no Peace Officers who can aft officially for such Rapes: And whereas the Rapes in the said Counties are the

ooft convenient Districts to be appointed as the Subdivisions for the Deputy Lieutenants to execute the several Purposes directed by this Act, and do contain within their Boundaries several Hundreds, to each of

which there is a Peace Officer belonging: And whereas the Boroughs and Tythings over which there arc

Headborough$, Tythingmen, or other Peace Officers, are uncertain in their Boundaries, and often include Parts of various rarifljes, from which great Inconveniences arise, both ia ballotting for the Men to be

‘drawn

2S*

Warden of the

Stannaries to con inue to array, Stc. the Tinners of Devon and Cornwall.

The Lieutenant* for London to continue to till thtTrain Band'.

The Constable of the Tower to, appoint Deputy Lieutenant, 5sc. for the Tower H-imleti, according to Act 13 St LfCar. x. c. 3.

Drputy Lieutenants to act when the Lieutenant of the H*miets is out of the Kingdom. Commissioni not to be vacated by Death of the Lieutenant.

Constable to appoint a Treasurer of the Trrphy Money, who is to account for the same yearly. See. No Trophy Money for a (tic-ceeding Year to be levied, till the Account of the former Year hat been allowed.

Warden of the Ctpquc Ports, See, may ad as L;eutenants, fttc» of Counties mm do.

Militia of the Porta to remain separate from the Militia of the Chuntica^and may be called out notwithstanding the Pay advanced may not have been reirabutfedy

340

Choteh warden!

an^ OverCeert to Kent and Sussex, to make Return! of Men li.ble to serve, Skc. tn4 to have the Authority her-by franrrd to Confab I es in*other Placet, Ate,

Certified Re-tarn* of the Militia to bean* Dually sent to the Cterki of the Peace to be filed.

Where oo such Return is received. the fane it to be certified by the Clerk of the Peice.

5 1. per Man for the Number to be raisedt to be aflfrfled annually on Placet from whence no such Returns are feat.

No Person who hat ferret four Yfiu nan Officer, to bear aojr Part of the Ibid.Afle&aem.

Mow the Assessment shall be extortioned between CouUtiet, ond Citict being

C. icy. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

drawn by Lot for the Service of the said Militia, and also in the Payment of the Money directed to be paid by the Parishes to those who may be allotted to serve: And whereas it would be more expedient that the ballotting for Men to serve in the said Militia for the Counties of Sussex and Kent should be by die

Division of Parishes, to which Division there is no Peace Officers Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the last Tuesday in October next, his said Majesty's Lieutenant, or on his Death or Removal, or on his Absence, any three of more Deputy Lieutenants of the Counties of Sussex and Kent respectively, shall and may issue out his or their Orders to the Chief Constable of the several Hundreds in the Rapes in the said Counties where their Subdivisions may have been or may be appointed, directing such Chief Constables to issue their Precepts to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor>of each Parish within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the Days by them directed, fair and true Lifts, in Writing, of the Names of all the Men usually dwelling within their respective Parishes, between the Ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing the ir, respective Ranks and Occupations, and for such several other Purposes as are by this Act directed to be done and performed by the Constables, Tythingmen, Headborough, or other Officer of each Parish, Tything, or Place, within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes in the said Counties to whom such Orders shall be issued, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed the Officers of such Pariftu and Hull be inverted with all the Powers and Authorities, and be liable to the several Pains. Penuries, and Forfeitures, as the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Officer of any Parifo, Tything, or Place, are subject and liable to, for or upon account of his refusing or neglecting to return such Lifts as aforesaid, or being guilty of Fraud or wilful Partiality in making thereof, or not attending the Orders issued by his Majesty's Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants, respectively, or for the several other Offences in the said recited Act, or in the present Act, contained.

CXVI. And whereas it may happen, through Neglect or otherwise, that in some County or Place the Militia may not be raised, according to the Directions of this Act; and it is just and reasonable that all his Majesty's Subjects should contribute equally toward the Expence of railing and supporting a Militia for the Defence of the Kingdom be it therefore wither enacted, That the Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants, of every County, Riding, and Place, where die Militia shall be raised, according to the Directions of this Act, shall, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year, tranunit a Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace, containing an Account of the Names, Number, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of Private Men of the Militia in that Year and the Time during which such Militia hath been trained and exercised; and every such Clerk of the Peace shall deliver such Certificate to the Justices of the*Peace, at their General Quarter Session to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year, on the Day on which such Session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed amongst the Records of such Session; but where no such Certificate shall be received by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, he shall certify the same under his Hand and Seal to the Justices lb assembled, and such Certificate of the said Clerk of the Peace shall be filed by him amongst the Records of such Session.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every County and Place where no such Certificate (baB be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, the Sum of five Pounds shall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private Militia Man by this Act directed to be raised within the same County or Place; and the Justices of the Peace shall and are hereby required, at their said General Quarter Session, to rate and assess the Sum of five Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon cveiy such County or Place, in such Manner, and according to such and the same Proportions, upon every Town, Parish, and Division within such County or Place, and the same shall be levied, collected, received, paid, and accounted for in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers of Distress, and other Remedies for enforcing the Cqlle&ion and Payment thereof, and for punishing all Persons whose Duty it shall be to collect or account for the lame, who shall make Default therein, as are directed with respect to County Rates by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the easy assessing, collecting, and levying of County Rates, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament: Provided always, That no Person refid ing

or having an Estate within any such County or Place, who shall have served as an Officer in any Body of Militia raised within this Kingdom for the Space of four Years, or who shall be then actually serving as an Officer in the Militia, shall be liable to pay any Part or Share of such Rate or Assessment to be made as aforesaid, provided such Person shall have delivered a Certificate of such Service to the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Place wherein he shall claim such Exemption, and also a Roll or Lift of his Tenants, and the Places of their Abode: which Certificate, and Roll or Lift, shall be signed by such Person, and every such Clerk of the Peace mall forthwith file such Certificate. Roll, and Lift, amongst the Records of the Quarter Session: and whenever the said Rate or Assessment shall be ordered to be raised within such County or Place, such Clerk of the Peace shall certify to the High Constables of every such County or Place the Names of all Persons whose Certificate shall nave been so filed, and who shall have claimed such Exemption as aforesaid, and the Names of their Tenants, so inserted in such Roll or Lift, and such High Constables are hereby required to transmit such Certificate, and Roll or Lift, to the Petty Constable of every Township or Place wherein the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such Person claiming to be exempted are situate, in order that the same may not be assessed or charged y> such Rate or Assessment.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a certain Number of Militia Men are directed to be raised for any County, together with any City or Town being a County of itself, and the Militia shall not be raised for such County and City, or Town, the Payment oTthe said Sum of five Pounds per Man upon the whole Number of Militia Men ib directed to be raised as aforesaid shall be divided and

apportioned

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

Ci 107* 2^1

apportioned between such County, and such City or Town, in such Proportion as the respective Quotas paid to the Land Tax for such County, and City or Town, respectively bear to each other, unless the Apportionment of the Number of such Militia Men shall actually have been made in pursuance of the Lifts directed to be returned by this Act, in which Case the said Sum of five Pounds per Man shall be borne by such County, and by such City or Town, in such Proportions as the respective Numbers of Militia Men, so apportioned to be raised by (iich County, and by such City or Town, bear to each other.

CXIX. And whereas there are several Cities, Towns, and Places, which do not contribute to the Payment of the said Rate called The County Rate\ and Doubts may arise whether such Cities, Towns, and Places can be legally rated and assessed towards the Payment of the Rate of Assessment to be laid in purfu- ance of this Act \ be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Militia shall not be raised within any City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate, the Proportion of the said Sum of five Pounds tr Man, to be borne by such City, Town, or Place, shall be raised, levied, and collected within such City, Town, or Place, by a separate Rate or Assessment in like Manner, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and by such and the like Ways and Means as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor can or may be raised, levied, and collected, and such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall, from Time to Time, pay over the same to the Treasurer of the County with which such City, Town, or Place shall be joined of united for the Purpose of railing the Militia.

CXX. And whereas there are some Towns which lie in two Counties; and Doubts may arise whether such Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties towards raising the said Money / be it therefore further enacted, That where any Town lies in two Counties, the Proportion of the said Money to be paid for such Town, in lieu of raising the Militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County wherein the Church of such Town is-situate.

Counties of themfcivei*

Where there ire no County Rates, the AireilVncat to be raised as the Poor's Rfctef arc.

Where a Tow* lies intwo Couo-ties, the Money assessed to be paid to the Treasurer of the County wherein the Church Sands*

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Sum of Money which ought to be paid by any City, Town, or Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Treasurer of the County or Place as aforesaid, before the first Day of June, in every Year, the Justices of the Peace for such County or Place shall, at their next M'tdjummer Quarter Session, issue out an Order to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish or Place within such City, Town, or Place, requiring such Overseers to certify and return to the said Justices, at the next Michaelmas Quarter Session, the several Quotas that every Parish or Division within such City, Town, or Place, pays to the Land Tax for that Year and such Overseers of the Poor are hereby required to make such Certificate and Return accordingly; and upon such Certificate and Return being made, the said Justices so assembled at their Michaelmas Quarter Session are hereby required (by their Warrant directed to any Constable or Tythingman of every such Parrth and Division) to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish and Division, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Money, and the reasonable Charges attending such Dif-trefe and Sale, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and all such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall be reimbursed the Money (o levied on them respectively by the same Ways and Means as Overseers of the Poor are reimbursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor, by the Laws now in being.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer for every County or Place, who shall receive the said Sum of five Pounds per Man as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, is hereby required to pay all the Money he shall so receive to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such County or Place, within one Calendar Month after he shall receive the same; and every Receiver General of the Land Tax, to whom any such Money shall be paid, shall give a Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons paying the same, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised in any County or Place as aforesaid shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land Tax, in pursuance of this Act, such Payment shall be; a full Discharge and Indemnification to such County or Place for the Failure or Neglect in raising and training of the Militia for the Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be made; and every such Receiver General shall, within ten Days after the Receipt of any such Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and forthwith pay the same into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Money so paid into the Exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from all other Money, and shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament, and disposed of as Parliament shall direct, and no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer for or on account of receiving or issuing any such Money; and the High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, is or are hereby authorised to allow to the Receiver General of any such County or Place, upon the clearing of his Accounts, such Salary or Reward, for his Pains and Trouble in receiving and paying in such Money, as the said High Treafuirr or Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding two Pence in the Pound for so much Money as he shall pay into the Exchequer in pursuance of this Act.

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of every County or Place, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble in collecting, receiving, and paying the Money to be raised in every such County or Place as aforesaid, shall be allowed the Sum of one Penny in the Pound upon the whole Sum so by him received and paid; which Allowance every such Treasurer is hereby authorised to detain in his Hands out of the Money so received by him befor? Payment made to the Receiver General as aforesaid; and every High Constable, Petty Constable, Churchwarden, and Overseer of the Poor, who shall act in the raising. and collecting of the said Money, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such. 26 Geo. III. I i Treasurerj

Ifthe Assessment fora Place where there are no County Rates be not paid, it may be levied by lh* Justicea.

Treasurer to pay

the Assessment to the Receiver of the Land Tax for the County.

Receiver General to certify the Receipt thereof to the Treasuryj and pay the Money into the Exchequer.

A Salary may be allowed the Rev ceiver.

County Treasurer to detain 1 d. per Pound of the Money he receives; and to pay a like Sum to the High Con* {tables, Src. on the Money they are concerned 49 coUe&iflf*

Clerk i of the Peace to trans* nit Copies of Certified RetvtUi to the Treasury,

to

24a C. 107. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 178.6.

Treasurer, as a Recompence for their Trouble therein, the Sum of one Penny in the Pound of all fijeh Money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively ad as aforesaid; and such Treasurer is hereby authorised and required todedud the same out of the Money so received by him as aforesaid, and to pay the respective Proportions thereof to such High Constables and other Officers aforesaid.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County or Place shall and is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held next after the twenty-fifth Day of December yearly, to transmit to the Lord High Treasurer* or the Commissioners of the Treasury, and also to the Receiver General of the Land Tax for such County or Place, a Copy, signed by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which he shall have received from the Lieutenant, or any three Deputy Lieutenants of such County or Place as aforesaid; and where such Certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of the Peace shall certify such Omission to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of the Treasury, and also to the Receiver General of the Land Tax, and that such Clerk of the Peace hath certified the lame to the Justices at such General Quarter Session, and required such Justices to proceed according to the Directions of this Act; and such CTerk of the Peace shall aufo certify what Proceedings have been had at such General Quarter Session, in relation to the assessing and raising the said Money, where the Militia shall not have been raised: and in case such Justices shall omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed to raise the said Money according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of the Peace of such County or Race shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen Days next after such General Quarter Session of the Peace, to certify to the Solicitor of the Treasury such Omission, Neglect, or Refusal, of such Justices, and the Names of the Justices who shall be present at such Session; and the Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed, by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such Justices to pay dus Obedience to this Act, and to cause the said Money to be raised, collected, and paid.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of five Pounds per Man, to be raised and paid in any such County or Place as aforesaid, shall not be levied, collected, and paid into the Exchequer, in Manner herein before directed, the Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required forthwith, upon Knowledge or Information thereof, to proceed by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and collecting of such Money, and the Payment thereof into the Exchequer as aforesaid.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, file, make, record, or traasmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown 5 and if any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Treasurer, Chief Constable, Petty Constable, or other Officer, who ought to ad and assist in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit, or neglect or refuse to ad and assist therein according to the Direction and true Meaning of this Act, every such Receiver General or Treasurer, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and every such Chief Constable, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every such Petty Constable and other Officer, so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds: And the Solicitor of the Treasury shall and is hereby required, with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General of the Land Tax, Treasurers, and other Officers who shall omit, neglect, or refuse to perform the Duty required of them respectively by this Act, touching the raising, collecting, and paying of the said Money; and in case the Solicitor of the Treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General of the Land Tax, Treasurers, or other Officers aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office and/or indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty's Lieutenants, and to all Deputy Lieutenants acting in the Execution of this Act, or any other Act relating to the Militia, in like Manner, and as fully and effectually as die feme extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to ferye in Parliament \ and that no Person being an Officer of the Militia shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff, serve at Sherifit.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer of the Militia, or private Militia Man, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Absence during the Time he shall be going to vote at an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time tys shall be returning from such Election.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer of the Militia, nor any Private Man, from the Time of his Inrohment, until he shall be regularly discharged from the Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or to perform any Highway Duty, commonly called Statute-work^ or to serve in any of his Majesty's Sea Forces.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in the Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exerdfe any Trade in any Town or Place within

nod to certify Omifioas or Justices to the Solicitor of the Treasury.

Solicitor of the Treasury to compel the levying of Afieff-menis.

Penalty on Neglect of Duty im Clerks of the Peace, Receiver! Central, Ire*

Provisions of

Act 24 Geo. t. c. 04. resetting Justices, to extend to County Lieutenants, &c.

CommUBons in Militia out to vacate Seats in Parliament, nor Officers liable to

Voters not punishable for Absence while going to an Elec* tion, &c.

Militia Men not liable to serve as Peace Officers, &c.

Married Militia Men may set 19 TiMciinagy

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. roy.

Great Britain, without any Let, Suit, or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason of using or exercising such Trade, as freely and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the two Universities, as any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-fecotid Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariner j, and Soldiers as haw been in his Majesty's Service fmce his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades; and no such Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any such Totoi or Place until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham (as the Case shall require), wherein no Eflbin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient Distress such Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein before directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding three Months, and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Clerks, or (where there are no Clerks) to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments, Battalions, or other Bodies of Militia of the respective Counties, Ridings, or Places, where such Offences shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made Part of the publick Stock of such Regiments, Battalions, or other Bodies of Militia respectively.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County, Riding, or Place, or by any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any one Deputy Lieutenant, together with any one Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Towm or Place wherein such Order or Conviction was made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall (uperfede Execution or other Proceedings, upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon $ any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within six Months next after the Fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter irt Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon: And if the jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or tf the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff 0* Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That all former Acts of Parliament relating to the Militia of this Kingdom (except only such Acts as relate to the Militia of the City of London, the Militia of the Tower Hamlets, and the Militia of the Cinque Ports, and the two ancient Towns, and their Members) shall be, from the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and they are hereby repealed; and that the Militia raised by virtue of such of the said former Acts as are hereby repealed, shall be subject to the Provisions and Regulations contained in this Act, in like Manner as the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act are subjected thereto.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the repealing of the said Acts shall not annul or in any wise affect any Commission of Lieutenancy or any other Commission already granted by virtue or under the Authority of the said former Acts, or any of them, but that the several Persons to whom such Commissions have been granted, shall and may aft, in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as they might have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, in case this Act had not been made: Provided nevertheless, That no Person shall act in the Execution of this Act as Deputy Lieutenant, or as Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, or Captain, by virtue of any Commission already granted as aforesaid, unlefe he is qualified as herein before directed, and also unless he has delivered, or shall deliver in a Certificate, containing a spe-ctfkk Description of his Qualification, to the Clerk of the Peace, according to the Directions of this Act^ any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That all Proceeding? of General and Subdivision Meetings which have been held under and according to the former Laws relating to the Militia, shall be good, valid, and effectual 5 and such further Subdivision Meetings as have been ordered and directed by the last General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, within the respective Counties, Ridings, and Places, shall be held according to such Orders and Directions, and shall be deemed to be Subdivision Meetings held pursuant 16 the Directions herein before contained.

Ii a

CAP.

Dy

*4J

Town; fee. as Soldiers may under Act si Geo. i. c. 44.

How Penaftfeo are to be recovered, sod how applied where not otherwise distributtd by this AcU

Mo Order of County Lieutenant, fee. to be removed by Certiorari.

Limitation of Adioaa,

General I flu*

Treble CoSs,

All former Mb litia Act» repealed, except those relating te London, fee.

But not to annul Commissions already granted under them, where the Par-tits are legally qualified, fee*

Proceedings of Meetings held under former Acts to be valid*

C. 108

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

244

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for explaining, amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the feverat Acts passed for more effectually preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Wtfimnfterr^ and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in

the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Uolborny as

lies in the County of Middlesex,

[Preamble.]

19 GeGua. c. 35.

1 Geo. 3. c. 34. Mitinuiag for-»er Adhtojons *795*

List) CoaJ-me-ters Office to be provided in \Vcdmiofter*

Their Title. Office Hour*.

Justice* to ad-tpihito Oaths, he.

Pnncipali to be ffrOTA,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary fe Bon, ana such Part of the Pariffof Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, it was, amongst other Things*

enabled, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-

fix, there should be and continue within the City and Liberty of Westminster one Publick Office, which should be called by the Name of The Land Coal-meters Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster^ 4 which said Office should, from Time to Time, be managed by two Persons, to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and should be called and known by the Name of The Principal Land Coal-meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster 5 which Act was to continue in force for three Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas his said late Majesty did appoint Thomas Paulin Merchant, and William Arnold Fishmonger, to be Principal Coal-meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, and afterwards, by his Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, did grant unto the said Thomas Paulin and William Arnold the said Land Coal-meter’s Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster, to have and to hold the said Office unto them the said Thomas Paulin and William Arnold jointly and severally, together with all PowerSj Privileges* 4 Advantages, and Emoluments thereunto belonging, and as are granted in and by the said recited Act for and during his Majesty^ Royal Will and Pleasure: And whereas the said Office of Principal Coal-meters hath been held, from Time to Time, by Pefons appointed thereto by his said late Majesty and his present Majesty and John Paulin and John Arbuthnot are now the Principal Land Coal-meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster* and other Places aforesaid, and such Office hath been granted to them* the said John Paulin and John Arbuthnot^ by his said present Majesty, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain: And whereas the said recited Act of the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was continued by several subsequent Acts, passed in the twenty-third, twenty-fourth- thirty-first, and thirty-second Years of the same Reign* and was amended by the last of such Acts; and* 4 by an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was, subject to such Amendments, further continued* and was also explained and further amended; and, by an Act passed in

the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, the said former Acts were further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and a further Amendment was made with respect to feme of the Provisions contained in the said Act of the twenty- third Year of his said late Majesty: And whereas the said Acts have been found useful and beneficial* but they might be rendered much more so if the same were further explained and amended, and proper Provi- fions made for obviating Mischiefs and Abuses which were not foreseen nor sufficiently provided against and the said Acts would more effectually answer the Purposes thereby intended, and might be more easily understood and better executed* if the same were compnfed in one Act of Parliament:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That* from and after the twenty-fourth Day of^ar^r one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there shall be provided and continued within the City and Liberty of Westminster, one Publick Office* which shall be called by the Name of The Land Coal-meters Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and shall be managed by the said John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, or* in case of their Death or Removal* by such other two persons as shall, from Time to Time, be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; which said John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, or such other two Persons so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be called and known by the Title of The Principal Land Coal-meters of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and such Office shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be kept open every Day (Sundays excepted), from the tweftty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September, yearly, from the Hour of Five in the Morning till Nine in the Evening, and from the twenty-ninth Day of September so the twenty-fifth Day of March, yearly* from the Hour of Six in the Morning till Six in the Evening.

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, in all Cases where any Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are by this Act authorised to examine any Person or Persons on Oath Or Affirmation* it shall be lawful for such Justices respectively to administer such Oath* and take such Affirmation.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who shall hereafter be appointed one of the Principal Land Coal-meters* shall be capable of acting as such* until he

C. Io8r

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

or they shall, before tW6 or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster (who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), take an Oath or Affirmation in the WordLs following \ to wit,

I A.B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will truly and faithfully, according to the best of my Judgement and Ability, execute the Office of one of the Principal Land Coal-meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

'So help me GOD,"

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Principal Land Coal-meters, or any one of them, and they, or any one of them, are and is hereby authorised. directed, and required, to appoint from Time to Time a sufficient Number of Persons to be Labouring Coal- meters, within the Limits of this Act; one or more of which said Labouring Coal-meters shall attend every Day (Sundays excepted) at such of the Coal Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale, within the Limits aforesaid, at which he or they shall be Rationed by the Principal Land Coal-meters, or anyone of them, during the Continuance of this Act, at such Time as is required by the Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals where such Meter or Meters is or are Rationed, to measure out, or fee measured, the Coals which shall from Time to Time, be sold at any of the said Wharfs, Warehouses, or Places where such Labouring Coal-meters shall be so Rationed as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of acting as one of the Labouring Coal-meters to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberty of Westminster (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following \ to wit.

I A.B. do swear [or, being of the People called Quakers, do solemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faith- fully, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Office of one of the Labouring Coal-meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Gies in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and for that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; and that I will truly and impartially measure, or fee measured, all Coals between Buyer and Seller, without Favour or Hatred.

So help me GOD."

And the said Justice or Justices respectively, who shall administer the Oaths or take the Affirmations by this Act directed, i9 and are hereby required to certify the same to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Middlesex, after the taking of such Oaths or Affirmations respectively, there to remain on Record.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or any of the Persons to be employed under them or him, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during their or his respective Continuance in their or his Office or Employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, every such Principal Land Coal-meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and such Labouring Coal-meter respectively shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds, and such Labouring Coal-meter, being thereof convicted before the said Court of Quarter Sessions, shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holdings. or executing the same, or any other, under this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Notice in Writing, or otherwise, being given to any of the said Labouring Coal-meters, or left at the said Principal Land Coal-meter’s Office, for a Labouring Coal-meter or Meters to attend at any Wharf within the Limits of this Act, to be named in such Notice, in order 10 measure, or fee measured, the Coals of the Person giving the Notice, such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters shall attend, pursuant to such Notice, within the Space of one Hour from the Time of giving the same, or sooner if possible, and do his or their Duty according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act j and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend accordingly, such Labouring Coal-metert>r Meters shall, (or every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings each; and the principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, neglecting to fend such Labouring Coal-meter or Meters as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence,-forfeit and pay the like Sum of twenty Shillings.

Vm. And, in order to prevent Confederacy, be it enacted, That the Stations to be appointed to and for the Labouring Coal-meters shall be frequently varied by the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or the Persons or Person executing the Office of Principal Land Coal-meter, in such Manner as they or he shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals which, from and -after the ferd twenty-fourth Day of July, shall be sold as and for Wharf Measure, at any Place or Places within the Limits of this Act, shall be measured in the Presence of one of the said Labouring Coal-meters, in such Manner as is directed in and by an Act passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals; and the said Labouring Coal-meters shall and may, and are hereby respectively authorised and required to fill up any BuOiel

or

2*5

Tbc Oatfe

Principal! tb apt point Labouring Coal.meten.

Their Stations*

They are to be /Worn.

Labouring Me* tei’a Oath.

Justices to certify the Oath or Affirmation*

Meters not to be interested in the

Sale of Coals.

Penalty on Prliir. cipals neglecting to fend a Labour* ing Coal-meter, and on Labour* ing Coil-meterr

not attending o» Notice.

Stations of Labouring Mmu to be varied.-

Coals tfl

fuied in Pr fence of a Labouring Meter.

16 & 17 Car* %* c. a*

246

Coil-meter* F«e, 4<J. per Chaldron, to be plid bj Seller,

Tiekert to be delivered to the Seller or Car* man.

Contents of the Tickets.

Tickets to be delivered by Labouring Meter to Carman, and by him to the Con Turner,

Consumer to repay Metage to the Seller. Penalty on Labouring Coal-meters neglecting to deliver Ticket to the Carman; and on the Carman altering it, kc,

Penalty on Vender, for Tending Coals unmea-sured, or without a Ticket.

Sacks not to be fealedor marked, which shall not be lull Feet Inches long, and 16 Inches broad. Dimensions of Sacks to be used.

Penalty on Wharfingers, &c. bribing Meters.

C. ic8. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

or Bushels of Coals that shall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons vending or contracting for the Sale of the said Coals.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That four Pence by the Cnaldron for every Chaldron of Coals which, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of July, shall be fold and delivered at any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place within the Limits of this Act, shall be paid by the Person who keeps the Wharf, Warehouse, or Place where such Coals are carted, from or by the Seller of such Coals to the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being, as a Recompence for their or his Labour and Trouble, and for defraying the Charges of Clerks, Messengers, House Rent, Fire, Candles, and all other Expences incident to the Execution of the Office aforesaid, and for the Hire of the Labouring Coal-meters; and thereupon such Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver, or caute to be delivered, to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the same, a Paper, Writing, or Ticket, signed by one of the said Principal Land Coal-meters, and countersigned by the Labouring Coal-meter attending and delivering the same, in which shall be contained as well the Christian and Surname of the respective Sellers as of the Consumers of the said Coals, the Quantity, and Day of the Week, Month, and Year of the Delivery and Admeasurement, the Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Cartnen or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the same Coals; and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, she, or they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, such Dissatisfaction must be expressed to the Carman before any Part thereof is (hot or unladen from the said Cart; which said Ticket being thus made compleat, and Metage paid, shall be delivered, unaltered, by the Labouring Coal-meter countersigning the same, without Delay, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals described in such Ticket to the Consumer therein named; which said Ticket, unaltered, the Carman, or Person therein named, to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers therein named, or to Their Agent or Servant, who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, for the Use of such Consumer; and thereupon he, (he, and they are hereby required to pay to the Seller, named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified; and if the Labouring Coal-meter countersigning such Ticket, shall, after Payment of the Metage Charge in pursuance of this Act, refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket, as herein before directed, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the Coals therein described. such Labouring Coal-meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and if such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Coal-meter countersigning the same, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the Consumer therein named, or to the Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket,' such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cart or Carts loaded, or in which any Quantity of Coals, exceeding seventeen Burnels, shall be sent or driven, from any Wharf, Warehouse or Place situate within the Limits of this Act, without having been measured under the inspection of the said principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or of such Labouring Coal-meter, or without having first obtained such Ticket as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case, the Vendor of the said Coals, being convl&ed thereof, by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Shakers, by Affirmation) of two or more Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, no Sacks to be made use of for the Carriage of Coals, within the Limits of this Act, which shall not be full four Feet four Inches in Length, and full twenty-six Inches in Breadth, after they are made, shall be sealed or marked, at any Office or Offices, or by any Officer or Officers appointed or to be appointed for the Purpose of fealtng and marking such Sacks, by any Law now in being respecting the same.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger or Carrier of Coals shall, at any Time or Limes hereafter, during the Continuance of this Afi, make use of any Sack or Sacks for the carrying of Coals, within the Limits of this Act, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length, and two Feet in Breadth; or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made or used, any selfe Bushel or other Measure, and be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called uakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five rounds.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer in Coals shall, directly or indirectly, give, or cause 10 be given, to any Labouring Coal-meter within the said Limits, at any Time or Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the four Pence her Chaldron herein before enacted and allowed for the Charges of Metage, and shall be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakersj by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

Dy

he did not Cm measured.

Ecemptionswitli. respect to Watct Works, and Per-

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108. 247

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter shall, Penitry on Me-

at any Time or Times hereafter during the Continuance of this Act, use, or permit or suffer Sacks to be J^"5 "jj* made use of, for the measuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than four Feet in Length, and two

Feet in Breadth, at any Place or Places within the said Limits, and be convicted thereof by the Oaths (or,

being of the People called 'uaiers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster% he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Labouring Coal-meter, Penalty on Li-

to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this Act, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter during the Con- bouring Meter tinuance of this Act, deliver a false or counterfeit Ticket to any Dealer, Consumer, Carman, or other Person, iywing false with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever; or shall take and receive from any

Dealer in Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the Reward bt 7 lour Pence per Chaldron herein before enacted and allowed to be taken for the Metage Charge; or if any tides 4d. per such Labouring Coal-meter shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false Measure of Coals, or Chaldron;

shall deliver a Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any miking; false Place or Places within the said Limits; and shall be, in any or either of the said cases, convicted thereof by 0rVeK»ering#any the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation) of two or more credible Witnesses, before Ticket for Co«U one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and j:j — * Liberty of Westminster^ he shall be rendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the Office of a Coal-meter; and the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter for the Time being shall, for every such Offence of such Labouring Coal-meter so convicted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sutn of forty Shillings.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act shall not extend to the Owners of any Works for raising Water by Fire, nor to the Owners of any Coals to be bought, fold, and delivered as and for Pool Measure, but that they shall and may have one Chaldron of Coals, or more, delivered under the In- f s. speftion of his or their own Agent in the Absence of a Meter, and in that Case such Persons are hereby respect chaidron'or00* lively exempted from the Payment of any Metage Charge by virtue of this Act; but if such Persons shall re- more of Coilt at quire the Care or Attendance of any Meter, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, then, and in such Case, Pool Measure. they shall pay the Metage Charge of four Pence by the Chaldron hereby laid, as other Consumers of Coals

are hereby obliged or ought to do, in pursuance of this Act; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Labouring Coal-meter shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of July, wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals sold as and for Wharf Measure (exceeding the Quantity of seventeen Buftiels) to be sent from any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Limits of this Act, without being measured in the Manner herein before directed, and shall not give Information thereof to the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, or their or his Deputies at the said Office, within two Days next after such Coals shall have been sent as aforesaid and shall be duly convicted thereof by the Oaths (or, being of the People called Quakers, by Affirmation^ of two or more credible Witnesses, before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, such Labouring Coal-meter shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a Labouring Coal-meter within the Limits comprised in this Act, and forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Driver of any Cart or Carriage with Coals loaded therein, from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, within the Limits of this Act, or any Person belonging thereto or employed therewith, shall take or deliver, or suffer to be taken or delivered, from mch Cart or Carriage, any Coals under his Care, otherwise than to or for the Use of the Owner or Owners. Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings 5 and in case of Nonpayment thereof, every such Offender shall and may be committed, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, to the Hcrufe of Correction for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of WeJhninjUr^ thereto remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty or Forfeiture be (boner paid, and (arisfied.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be dissatisfied with, or think himself or herself aggrieved by or in the Measure of any Coals sold to him or her by Wharf Measure within the Limits aforesaid, and (nail, upon Delivery to him or her of the Meter's V0*1]'!

Ticket accompanying such Coals, signify his or her Desire to have the same remeasured, then, and in every DeCre/1"* such Case, the Carman, or Driver of the Cart or other Carriage in which the said Coals shall be brought, Dmer to con. shall continue at the House or Lodging of the Purchaser of the said Coals, with the said Coals, and the said Cart or Carriage, until they are remeasured, under the Penalty of five Pounds on the Owner or Proprietor, and twenty Shillings on the Driver of the said Cart or Carriage; and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend, or cause to be sent, to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Warehouse, or Place,

Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to be remeasured, and also fend Notice thereof to the Land Coal-meter’s Office; and thereupon a Principal Meter, or one of the Labouring Meter9 (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally measured), shall, within, the Space of two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Land Coal-meter’s Office aforesaid, attend to remeasure the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same, Sack by Sack, in the Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the fiudCoals^or their A gents or Servants, if any, of them, shall attend, and, detire to see the same remea-

fiired*

Penalty on Miters suffer inf Coals to pass without beifif measured.

Penalty on Car*, man talcing or permitting Coali to be taken out of his Cart.

Person* d:flViffied may hate

tinue with the Coals and Cart till ra-measured. Purchaser 10 fend Notice in Writing to Vendor and Mttuy

HS

orcWen so ,paye>1. per Chaldron for re* measuring.

Penalty on Vender, See, %h-n Coals prove deficient.

Carmen to be

raid a*, fid. per Hour, when stopped to re-mc«jforc Coals.

Dealers offend-i 'f under this Act not liable to Penalties of Act 3 Geo. a. Scc.

For tmpowering

the Justices of Middlesex and Westminster to take Cognizance of Complainti against Coal-meters.

Recovery and Application <of Fcoaltier, &:

<C. 108- Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

sured, and glib in the Presence of one of the Principal or Labouring Land Coal-meters of or for the City of London% or of or for that Part of the County of Surrey lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, if such rurchafer shall think proper to require the Attendance of such last mentioned Coal-meter: who shall, and is hereby directed and required to attend accordingly within the Space of two Hours after Notice in Writing left at such last mentioned Coal-meter’s Office; and in case such last mentioned Coal-meters or Coal-meter shall neglect or refuse to attend pursuant to such Notice, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds: For which Remeasurement the Purchaser shall pay the Principal Land Coal-meters or Coal-meter, appointed by this Act, and also such other Land Coal-meter from the City of Lon-dony or from that Part of the County of Surrey aforesaid, as shall attend such Remeasurement, the Sum of six Pence each, for every Chaldron of Coals so remeasured; and in case the Coals thus remcafured shall not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushel of Coals found deficient, the Sum of five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient or wanting in Measure, to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the said Coals shall be (o remeasured; and the Labouring Meter, under whose Inspection the Coals were first measured, shall, for every Bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds: which Sum, if not paid within five Days next after his Conviction, shall and may be recovered from the persons or Person executing the Office of Principal Land Coal-meter for the Time being, established by this Act; and the Coal Porters, who shall measure the same for the Vender thereof, shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Cart shall be stopped or detained for the Purpose, or on Pretence, of remeasuring the Coals laden thereon, the Owner of every such Cart shall be indtled to the Sum of two Shillings and six Pence per Hour for every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals, which two Shillings and six Pence per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the same shall, upon such Remeasurement, be found deficient in Measure: or by the Purchaser of the said Coals, in case the same shall not be remeasured, or shall, upon such Remeasurement, be found to amount to the Quantity for which the same were fold.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Seller of, or Dealer in Coals, within the Limits aforesaid, shall, for any Offences under this Act, be subject or liable to any other Penalty, Forfeiture, or Disability than, what are herein before respectively inflicted or enabled; any Thing in the Act of the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade% or in any other Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, in General or Quarter Session assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required to inquire into, hear, and determine any Complaint of Fraud, Neglect, or Misbehaviour of the said John Paulin, John Arbuthnot, and the Principal Land Coal-meters for the Time being, or any or either of them, in the same Manner as they are by Law authorised to inquire into, hear, and determine Misdemeanors; and if any such Land Coal-meter shall be found guilty of any Fraud, Neglect, or Misbehaviour, he shall forfeit and pay, for the Use of his Majesty, such Fine as the Court before whom such Complaint shall be made shall think fit, not exceeding forty Pounds, together with such Costs as the Court shall think proper to award and direct, and in Default thereof, be committed to the House of Correction for the said County till such Fine and Costs are fully paid and satisfied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or inflicted, and to be incurred, by virtue of or under this Act (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), shall be recovered and applied in the Manner, and to and for the Purposes following; that is to say, Such and so many of the said Penalties and Forfeitures as do and shall respectively exceed the Sum of five Pounds, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, one Moiety whereof, when recovered, shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Success, and the other Moiety thereof (with all Costs of Suit) to and for the Use of such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same; and all other the aforesaid Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by way of Complaint made unto any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or crity and Liberty of Westminster; who is and are hereby required to call the Parties before him or them, and to hear and examine such Complaint, on Oath, or upon Affirmation (in case any Testimony in this Respect shall be given by any of the People called £>uakers)y and, upon due Proof thereof made, to his or their Satisfaction, to grant a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for levying such Penalties and Forfeitures accordingly; one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Offences shall have been respectively committed; and, in case such last mentioned Penalties or Forfeitures shall not (after such Conviction or Convictions) be forthwith paid, that then the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender or Offenders; and which said last mentioned Penalties and Forfeitures, when paid or recovered, shall be immediately transmitted by the said Justice or Justices to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Person complaining shall reside, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish; and for want of sufficient Distress, such Offender or Offenders shall be committed to the House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding thirty Days, nor left than seven Days, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour.

A.D. 1786. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108 - 111.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any Person, so convicted as aforesaid, shall think himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County of Middlesex next after such Conviction, but not afterwards; of which Appeal such Appellant shall give to the Prosecutor or Informer seven Days previous Notice of his Intention of trying the same; and such General Quarter Sessions, when so appealed to, shall then hear and finally determine the same; but in case there shall not be seven Days between such Conviction and the then next Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal shall be heard and finally determined at the following Quarter Sessions, such Notice being first given as aforesaid: And if the Appellant in such Appeal shall not make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal, or prosecute the same with Effect, the said Court of Sessions shall then award such Coils as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there in open Court, with the Penalty adjudged on and by such Conviction, paid to the Prosecutor or Informer; and for Want thereof, to commit the Person or Persons thus appealing, to the Common Gaol of and for the County of Middlfx, there to remain until he or they shall and do make actual Payment of such Costs and Penalty to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the Purposes aforesaid; but in case the said Appellant shall make good, support, and succeed in such his Appeal, and be acquitted of his Conviction, the same Court shall, in that Case, award to such Appellant reasonable Costs, to be then and there in oj>en Court paid to him or them, by the Person or Persons on whose Information or Prosecution such Conviction shall have been founded or made; and for Want of such Payment, the said Court of Sessions shall commit such Informers and Prosecutors respectively to the Common Gaol of the said County of Middlesex% there to remain until he or they shall and do actually pay to such Appellant the Costs so respectively awarded to them as aforesaid; but no Conviction, to be pronounced or made by virtue of or under this Act, shall be auashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, lliat rio Writ of Certiorari shall issue, or be issuable, to remove the Record of any Conviction or Proceedings thereon, to be taken, made, or pronounced, in pursuance or by the Authority of this Act, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take place upon Monday the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and shall be in force and have Continuance until the twenty-fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five (being the Residue and Remainder now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the said recited Acts of the nineteenth, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, thirty-first, and thirty-second 1ears of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, and of the sixth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, (half be, and is and are hereby repealed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Information, or Suit, shall be brought, filed, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the lame shall be commenced or filed within two Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in or to such Actions, Suits, or Informations, may plead the General Ifltie, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, on any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of this Act: And if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action, Suit, or Information, shall be brought or filed after the lime for that Purpose limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, then the Jury, in every such Case, shall find fof the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be siven against the Plaintiff or rlaintins, the Defendant or Defendants shall have full Costs, and such Remedy for the Recovery of the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or haye for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same*

CAP. CIX.

An Act for incorporating the Members of a Society to be called The Clyde Marine Society; for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs; and for levying certain Duties from Shipmasters and others for that Purpose.

CAP. CX.

An Act for supplying North Shields*. and the Shipping retorting thereto, with Water.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the thirty-third Yeat of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding* widening and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of Bristol, and ere5ibig a temporary Bridge adjoining; and for widening the Streets* Lanes* Ways* and Passages leading thereto; and for building another Bridge over same other Part of the said River, within the said City (if necessary); and for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto; and for making a Way from the Bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said City.

249

Person«Aggrieve* may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

The Court to award Costs, &c.

Conviction nit to be qua/bed for Want t f Futm cnly.

No CcTtioraru

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

Act of 19.13, »4« 31, and 32., Geo. a. and of 1 6 and at Geo. 3. repealed*

Limitation of Actiont.

General ISvie,

Cuflf.

[Publick Act.]

1250 C. ii2 - 121. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

CAP. CXII.

An Act for raising a competent Sum of Money to defray the Expence of a proper Number of Watchmen, Patroles, and Beadles, within the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the City of Westminster.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh; for opening a Communication from Queen9* Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the Burial Ground; and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the Poor, in the Parish of St. John Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

CAP. CXV.

An Act for providing a proper Workhouse, and better regulating the Poor, within the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex; and for regulating the Common Wharf within the Town of Barking.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for paving the Footways and Passages in the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester; and for better cleansing and lighting the said Town; for taking down certain old Buildings now Handing the rein; and for removing and preventing other Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Church of Ail Saints? in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the Church Yard, and making convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town and Port of Folieftono? and the Parishes of Folkestone, Cheriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Poshing, Lyminge? Elbam, Paddhsworth? Acris? Swing fields and Hawkinge, in the County of Kent.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within the Borough of Newport?, in the Isle of Wight; and for the Removal of present, and Prevention of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Manor of Southwark? otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of WinchefleAs Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Savionr Southwark, in the County of Surrey; for the Removal of present, and preventing of future Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for laying out two new Streets, and widening and regulating several other of the Streets and Passages within the said Liberty; for discontinuing the raffage through Globe Alley, and for shutting up in the Night-time the Way leading from Clink Street? in the said Liberty, to the River Side.

---

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo septimo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-third Day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; being the fourth Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being for suppressing unlawful Lotteries.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the good and wholesome Laws, from Time to Time made and provided for the Suppression of unlawful Lotteries, and against: adventuring in Lotteries established by Acts of Parliament, in Great Britain or Ireland, by unlawful Sales of Chances of Tickets, and by Insuring for or against the Drawing of such Tickets, have not been found effectual for the Purposes intended thereby: And whereas, in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, to raise Money by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and for transferring the Deficiencies of a late Malt Alt to the Land Tax for the said Tear; and for giving Time for inserting the Money given with Apprentices in their Indentures; and touching loft Bills, Tickets, or Orders; and for exchanging the Tickets in the Exchequer for Certificates; and for suppressing Lotteries denominated Sales, and other Private Lotteries; and for enlarging the Time for the Accountant General of the Bank of England to return Duplicates of Annuities into the Exchequer; it is, amongst other Things, enabled, That all and every Person or Persons who, after the twenty-first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty-one, shall make, print, advertize, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, advertised, or published, Proposals or Schemes for advancing small Sums of Money, by several Persons, amounting in the whole to large Sums, to be divided among them by the Chances of the Prizes in some publick Lottery or Lotteries established or allowed by Act of Parliament; or shall deliver out, or cause or procure to be delivered out, Tickets to the Persons advancing such Sums, to intitle them to a Share of the Money so advanced, according to such Proposals or Schemes; or shall make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or published, any Proposal or Scheme of the like Kind or Nature, tinder any Denomination, Name, or Title whatever, and shall be thereof convicted, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by two or more justices of the Peace of the County, Division, or Liberty, where such Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be found, shall, for such Offence, over and above any former Penalties inflicted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, made against any private or unlawful Lotteries, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds: And whereas, in and by two other Acts of Parliament, the one thereof made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George^ the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming; and the "other thereof made and passed in the twenty- second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keeper, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets; many good and wholesome Provisions are enacted, which require to be maintained and carried more effectually into Execution: And whereas great Difficulties have arisen upon the Methods of Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Acts, before Justices of the Peace, and many Evasions of the said recited Acts are daily put in Practice For‘Remedy whereof, may it please

8 Geo. 1. e.*;

11 Geo. 2. c. 28.

and 22 Geo. 3. c. 47, recited j

252

and the Powers thereby given to continue in force, except such as are hereby altered.

After the passing of this Act, Penalties incurred tinder the recited Acts m^y be sued for by any Persons whom-' soever within six Months. Application of Penalties.

In every Action for Penalties, the Defendant to pive Bail to answer it*

Bail not to exceed 5001.

17 Geo. a, c. 5. iccited,

and extended to Persons who shall deal in Tickets without taking out a Licence pursuance to 22 Geo. 3. or fcllChan<es>^ie.

Jufices to commit Cfr'ends rs to the House ct Correction till

C. 1. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the said recited Act?, and every Article and Thing in them contained, touching and concerning Lotteries, and not by this Act altered or repealed, or other Provision made in lieu thereof, shall be duly put in Execution, according to the Tenor of the said recited Acts, and under the Penalties therein contained, to be raised, levied, and disposed of, as in and by this Act is directed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore said, That, from and after the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Allent, no pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, which shall be incurred by any Person or Persons offending against such Parts of the said Acts, or any of them, as touch and concern Lotteries, shall be recovered or recoverable before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, but shall and may be sued for by any Person or Persons whomsoever, at any Time within six Calendar Months next after fuel* Offence shall he committed, and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; in which jio Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of the said respective Penalties, when recovered* shall, in every such Case, go and be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same respectively, and upon every such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, a Capias, or other Writ* shall and may issue; the firit Process specifying therein the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sued for, whereof an Affidavit shall be first duly made and filed; and the Defendant or Defendants shall, in such Case* be obliged to give fuilicient Bail or Security, by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens* to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias, or other Writ, shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Process shall be issued, at the Day of the Return of such Process, to answer such Suit or Prosecution; and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs of Suit, in case he, she, or they, shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Body or Bodies to Prison: Provided always, That the Bail herein-before required to be given shall, in no Case, exceed the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

III. And whereas, in and by an Act made and passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds) and ether idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction, it is enacted, That all Persons playing or betting at any unlawful Games or Plays, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds within the true Intent and Meaning of that Act: And whereas all Lotteries not established by Act of Parliament, in Great Britain or Ireland, are declared to be common and publick Nuisances: And whereas all adventuring with Lottery Tickets, in such Lotteries as are established by Act of Parliament, other than by the actual Sale of Tickets, and of such Shares thereof as are permitted by Law to be sold, is wholly pro- hibited by the faith Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: And whereas it would tend greatly to suppress such Abuses in the Lottery now established, and in all future Lotteries that may hereafter be established by Law, if the Person and Persons guilty of any of the Offences against this Act, or such Parts of the herein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, as touch and concern Lotteries- might be punishable under the said Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty- except in Cases of Insurances on Tickets by Persons actually possessed thereof, under the Restrictions herein after mentioned Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, all and every Person and Persons who shall publickly or privately open, set up, continue, or keep, by himself or herself, or by any other Person or Persons, any Office, or other Place for buying, felling, or otherwise dealing in any Tickets, or any Share* of Tickets, in any Lottery now established, or hereafter to be established, by any British or Irish Act of Parliament, or for registering the Numbers of such 'Pickets, without the Authority of a Licence duly obtained for that Purpose from the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being, in the Manner in and by the said recited Act of the twenty- second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty directed; and all and every Person and Persons (except as herein after is provided), who shall, by himself, herself, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons, or for his, her, or their own Account* or for or on the Account, or as the Servant, Agent, or Factor, of any other Person or Persons, fell, or cause or procure to be sold, the Chance or Chances of any such Ticket or Tickets, or any Share or Shares thereof for a Day, or Part of a Day, or any lc(s Time than the whole Time of Drawing in any such Lottery then to corner or insure, or cause or procure any other Person or Persons to insure, for or against the Drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets; or shall receive any Money or Goods whatsoever, in Confederation o: any Agreement or Promise to repay any Sum or Sums of Money, or to deliver the same, or any Plate, Jewels* or other Goods whatsoever, if any such Ticket or Tickets shall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or upon any ether Chance or Chances, Event or Events, Contingency or Contingencies, relative or applicable to the Drawing of any such Ticket or 'Pickets, whether as to the Time of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, within the true Intent and Meaning of the fold- recited Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and shall be punishable as such Rogues and Vagabonds accordingly; and ail Persons who shall be found offending against this Act, in the Manner above-mentioned, shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before some Justice or Justices of the Peace, as ia and by the said recited Act, in relation to the Rogues and Vagabonds therein deferihedj is directed; and the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be brought, such Offender not having been sued or prole cuied for the lame Offence, without Covin or Collusion, in some of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1. 25,

such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, as aforesaid, shall and may, upon full and sufficient Proof of the Offence, in the Manner in and by ne last recited Act directed, order such Offender to be lent to the House of Correction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Suddens of the Peace tar the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where the said Offence was committed 5 and the Justices, at fu.cn Sefficwns, shall enter upon the Examination of the Case, and proceed therein according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the seventeenth Year of his said late Majesty; and all Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Headboroughs, and other his Majesty's Civil Odicers, within their respective Jurii-didfions, are hereby impowered and itridlly required to use their utmost Endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the Offences aforesaid, by all lawful Ways and Means; and shall be, and are hereby indemnified for any Thing done in Execution of this Act

li e n*xt Quarter SetTiuni,

From the passing of this Act, the PolftHor of a whole Ticket may insure if, by a written Agreement, for it* own Value.

When an In-

and Vagabonds within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, not hereby altered, shall be applied and carried into Execution in relation to the Persons hereby declared to be Rogues and Vagabonds, as fully, to 2ll Intents and Purposes, as if the tame Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Punishments, and Frovi-fions, and every of them, had severally and respectively been re-enacted in this Act

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Day

on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, it shall and may be lawful for any Person, actually possessed of any whole undrawn Ticket, in any Lottery now established, or hereafter to be established by Law in Great Britain^ to make, or cause to be made, any Insurance on his or her Ticket, for the indemnifying himself or herself against any Loss which he or she may sustain by adventuring in the said Lottery for or by reason of Inch Ticket, so as every Contract or Agreement for such Insurance be reduced into Writing (without being subject to any of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps) before The Time of such Ticket being drawn in the said Lottery; and so as the Name of the Possessor of such Ticket at the Time of such Insurance, the Number thereof, the Lottery to which such Ticket shall belong, and the Amount of the Premiums received thereon, be respectively infested and expressed in such Agreement; and so as every fuel) Insurance be made upon a whole 'Picket or whole Tickets only, on Condition to pay the full Amount or Value thereof, and not otherwise; any Thing contained in this Abb, or in the said Act of the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, For Ucenjing Lottery Office Keeperx, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That no such Insurance shall be for a less Time than shall then remain of the Drawing of the said Lottery; and that every such Ticket so insured shall be deposited, by the Person so insuring the France is madr, same, in an Office established, or to be established, by the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon it/nJ,ftrt*for the stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being, for the Deposit of "Tickets intended to be sold *ai‘n*n{r of*he" in Shares, by virtue of an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, Drawing; and An Act for licensing Lottery Office Keepers, and regulating the Sale of Lottery Tickets; and shall be there left the Ticket muil with the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by be deponed with him to receive the same, and who is and are hereby authorised and required to receive the same: Provided

also, That every such Ticket so deposited may be assignable, together with such Insurance. StampVutie*,or

some Person appointed by him to receive it. Tickets and Insurance* assignable.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Persons not duly whatsoever, not being duly licensed under the said Act of the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, shall, from and after the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, grant, ligo, or underwrite any Agreement for any such Insurance as aforesaid, or shall take or receive any Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, for such Insurance, every such Person or Persons, not duly licensed as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are in-Hidted on Persons keeping Lottery Offices without the Authority of such Licence by the said Act of the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or by this Act, to be levied and recovered, inflated, applied, and carried into Execution, as in and by this Act is diredeed, and according to the true Intent and Aleaning thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, or such Parts of the lie rein-before mentioned Acts, or any of them, as touch and concern Lotteries, by both the Ways by this Act prescribed; nor shall any Person against whom any Action, Suit, or Information, for the Recovery of a pecuniary Penalty, hath been commenced and carried on with Effect, be liable to Imprisonment as a Rogue and Vagabond under this Act for the same Offence; and that where any Person shall be convicted and sentenced to imprisonment as a Rogue and Vagabond under this Act, such Person shall hot be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any pecuniary Penalty for the same Offence.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to any Prosecution before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for any Offence against the herein-before mentioned Acts, touching and concerning any Lottery now established, of heretofore eita-blished in this Kingdom, unless information thereof shall have been made on or before the fifth Day of February y one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

has been made before Feb. 5, 1787,

IX. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and F Or- His Majesty's feitures, and Sums of Money, which shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and which shall be received by any Officer or Officers in the Execution of this Act, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Stamp Office for the Time being, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account

licensed making Insurance*, liable to the Penalties of keeping unlicensed Lottery Offices.

Offenders not to be liable to Prosecution* for pecuniar) Penalties. and also as Vagabonds:

Nor before a Justice for Offences respecting Lotteries already e;UWiffied, un-Ufa Information

Share of Penalties to be paid to the Receivers General of the S;ani£> Office.

---

254 C. 1, 2. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

thereof, and thereout shall pay the Expence the said Office shall be put to in executing this Act; and the said Receiver General shall pay the Residue into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as other Penalties and Forfeitures, due and payable to his Majesty, are or shall be paid or payable.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained,

[General Issue.]

such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suited,

[Treble Costs.]

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. II.

An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature on the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, and the Parts adjacent.

[Preamble. 24 Geo. 3. c. 56.]

'WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Transportation of Felons, and other Offenders; and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it is enacted, That, from and after the passing of that Act, when any Person or Persons, at any Sessions of Oyer or Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or at any Quarter or other General Session of the Peace to be holden for any County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty, or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, or at any Great Session to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, or within the Principality of Wales, shall be lawfully convicted of Grand or Petit Larceny, or any other Offence for which such Person or Persons shall be liable by the Laws of this Realm to be transported, it shall and may be lawful for the Court before which any such Person or Persons shall be convicted as aforesaid, or any subsequent Court holden at any Place for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Borough, Liberty, or Place respectively, with like Authority, to order and adjudge that such Person or Persons, so convicted as aforesaid, shall be transported beyond the Seas, for any Term of Years not exceeding the Number of Years or Term for which such Person or Persons is or are, or shall be liable by any Law to be transported; and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to declare and appoint to what Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either within his Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere out of his Majesty's Dominions, such Felons or other Offenders shall be conveyed or transported; and such Court as aforesaid is thereby authorised and impowered to order such Offenders to be transferred to the Use of any Person or Persons, and his or their Assigns, who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation: And when his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, shall be pleased to extend Mercy to any Offender or Offenders who hath or have been, or shall be convicted of any Crime or Crimes, for which he, she, or they, is, are, or shall be by Law excluded from the Benefit of Clergy, upon Condition of Transportation to any Place or Places, Part or Parts beyond the Seas, either for Term of Life, or any Number of Years, and such Extension of Mercy shall be signified by one of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, it shall be lawful for any Court, having proper Authority, to allow such Offender or Offenders the Benefit of a conditional Pardon, and (except in Cases where such Offenders shall be authorised by his Majesty to transport himself, herself, or themselves) to order the Transfer of such Offender or Offenders to any Person or Persons who shall contract for the due Performance of such Transportation, and his or their Assigns, for such and the same Term of Years for which any such Offender or Offenders shall have been ordered to be transported, or for such Term of Life or Years as shall be specified in such Condition of Transportation: And whereas his Majesty, by two several Orders in Council, bearing Date respectively on the sixth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, hath judged fit, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to declare and appoint the Place to which certain Offenders, named in two Lists to the said several Orders in Council annexed, should be transported, for the Time or Terms in their several Sentences mentioned, to be the Eastern Coast of New South Wales, or some one or other of the Islands adjacent: And whereas Sir James Eyre Knight, and Sir Beaumont Hotham Knight, two of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coiffe, according to the Authority to them given by the said Statute, did, on the thirtieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, order that the said several Offenders, in the said two several Lists to the said several Orders in Council annexed, should be transported to the Place, and for the Time and Terms aforesaid: And whereas it may be found necessary that a Colony and a Civil Government should be established in the Place to which such Convicts shall be transported, under and by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, the said two several Orders of Council, and other the said above recited Orders, and that a Court of Criminal Jurisdiction should also be established within such Place as aforesaid, with Authority to proceed in a more summary Way than is used within this Realm, according to the known and established Laws thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[His Majesty may authorise the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of New]

That his Majesty may, by his Commission under the Great Seal, authorise the Person to be appointed Governor, or the Lieutenant Governor in the Absence of the Governor, of such Place, as aforesaid, to convene from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, a Court of Judicature for the Trial and Punishment of all such Outrages and Misbehaviours

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 2 - 7. 255

[South Wales to convene Court of Judicature for the Trial of Offenders.]

as, if committed within this Realm, would be deemed and taken, according to the Laws of this Realm, to be Treason or Misprision thereof, Felony or Misdemeanor;

[Who are to be Members of the Court, and how they are to proceed in trying Offenders.]

which Court shall consist of the Judge Advocate to be appointed in and for such Place, together with six Officers of his Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land: Which Court shall proceed to try such Offenders, by calling such Offenders respectively before that Court, and causing the Charge against him, her, or them respectively to be read over; which Charge shall always be reduced into Writing, and shall be exhibited to the said Court by the Judge Advocate; and by examining Witnesses upon Oath, to be administered by such Court, as well for as against such Offenders respectively, and afterwards adjudging, by the Opinion of the major Part of the Persons composing such Court, that the Party accused is or is not (as the Case shall appear to them) guilty of the Charge, and by pronouncing Judgement therein (as upon a Conviction by Verdict) of Death, if the Offence be Capital, or of such Corporal Punishment, not extending to Capital Punishment, as to the said Court shall seem meet; and in Cases not Capital, by pronouncing Judgement of such Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as to the said Court shall seem meet.

[Provost Marshal to execute the Judgement of the Court.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the Provost Marshal, or other Officer to be for that Purpose appointed by such Governor or Lieutenant Governor, shall cause due Execution of such Judgement to be had and made under and according to the Warrant of such Governor, or Lieutenant Governor in the Absence of the Governor, under his Hand and Seal, and not otherwise:

[If five Members do not concur in adjudging Capital Offenders, the Proceedings to be transmitted to his Majesty.]

Provided always, That Execution shall not be had or done on any Capital Convict or Convicts, unless five Persons present in such Court shall concur in adjudging him, her, or them, so accused and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the Proceedings shall have been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him approved.

[Court to be a Court of Record.]

III. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court shall be a Court of Record, and shall have all such Powers as by the Laws of England are incident and belonging to a Court of Record.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service off the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

[4s. in the Pound.]

CAP. VI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. VII.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, and to render the Provisions thereof more effectual.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[23 Geo. 3. c. 39.]

intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States; which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven:

[24 Geo. 3. c. 45.]

And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail Cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltick, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said last mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: And whereas it is expedient that the said several Acts before mentioned should be further continued:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Recited Acts continued until April 5, 1788.]

That the said several Acts, and all the Matters and Things therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

256 C. 7, 8. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

[No Flour, Bread, &c. nor Lumber, to be imported from any foreign West India Island into any British one.]

II. 'And whereas it is expedient that Provisions or Lumber (being the Growth or Production of the Territories belonging to the United States of America) should not be imported into the Islands under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West India, from any foreign Island in the West Indies; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, no Flour, Bread, Rice, Wheat, or Grain of any Sort, and no Staves, Heading, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, shall be imported or brought into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies (in which Description the Bahama Islands, and the Bermuda or Somers Islands, are included), from any Island in the West Indies under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[In Cases of Emergency, his Majesty's Governors, &c. of the West India Islands, with their Councils, may authorise the Importation of Flour, &c. from other Islands.]

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful, in Cases of publick Emergency or Distress, for any of the Governors or Commanders in Chief, for the Time being, of any of the said Islands under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in the West Indies, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorise the Importation of Flour, Bread, Rice, Wheat, or Grain of any Sort, Staves, Heading, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort, for a limited Time, from any Island in the West Indies, under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State; and the said Articles so authorised shall, in every such Case, be allowed to be so imported during such limited Time, and no longer.

[If Goods of the Growth of the United States of America be imported into the West India Islands contrary to Law, they are forfeited, with the Vessels, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods or Commodities whatever, of the Growth or Production of the Territories belonging to the said United States of America, shall be imported into any of the said Islands under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are or shall hereafter be permitted to be imported into the said Islands; or if any such Goods or Commodities as aforesaid shall be imported into the said Islands, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall be imported or brought, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel belonging thereto.

[How Forfeitures are to be recovered and applied.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Forfeiture incurred by this Act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue or Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in the said Islands respectively where the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied, in like Manner in the said Islands respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Continuance of this Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and no longer.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

---

Where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver General of the County is to issue four Months Pay in Advance; with Haifa Year’s Salary to the Regiment and Battalion Clerks; and the Allowances to the Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings; and Pay for Clothing of Serjeants and Drummers, r* The Money is to be paid by the Receiver General to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion (except the

Allowances to the Clerks of the Meetings), upon producing the Warrant of his Appointment; and for Independent Companies to the respective Captains, or to their Order; according to the FTtebli some nt 4C laid down in the Militia Act of Lift Session. A second Payment is also to be made within three Months after the first; and a third within three Months after the Second. Receipts of the Persons to whom the Money shall be so paid, to discharge the Receivers General. The Regimental and Battalion Clerks are to pay in Advance one Month’s Pay to the Adjutant; and two Months Pay to each Captain for the Serjeants, Drummers, and Corporals; and for the Serjeant-major and Drum-major two Months Pay to be paid to the Commanding Officer of the Company to which they belong: Captains to distribute the Pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the Clerk, or Receiver General if an Independent Company; and pay back the surplus Monies in his Hands. On Discharge of Serjeants or Drummers as unfit for Service, no Pay to be issued till others are appointed; nor any Payment made to such as are discharged by the Commanding Officer. Regimental Clerk to pay to the Commanding Officer, out of contingent Money, 1 d. a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying Hospital Expences; and Mo- ncy for repairing Ai ms, tdc. And to account annually to the Commanding Officer. Money allowed for contingent Expences of Independent Companies to be applied and accounted for by the Captains. Clerk to retain Money in his Hands for his own Salary. Lieutenant, or three Deputy Lieutenants, to certify to the Receiver General the Days of Exercise, who is to pay to the Regimental Clerks, at the Rates

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 8, 9. 257

herein specified, for the Officers and Men while at annual Exercise. Captains of Companies to make up Accounts of the Money they receive, &c. on account of such Exercise, fcrV. During the Time the Troops are embodied, and called out into actual Service, and receive Pay as the King’s other Forces, all Pay and Allowance from the Receiver General is to ccafe. Receivers General to pay the Allowances to 14 Clerks of the General Meetings, and to the Clerics of the Subdivision Meetings, upon producing Orders from the Lieutenant or Deputy-lieutenants; which Order to be a Discharge to Receivers General. Regimental and Battalion Clerks to give Security for paying and accounting for the Monies received by them; the Bonds to be lodged with the Receivers General, and put in Suit by them on Non-performance of the Conditions; and they are entitled thereupon to full Costs and Charges; and 5 /. per Cent. of the Money recovered \ the Residue to be accounted for to the Auditor. The Regimental and Battalion Clerks, and Captains of Independent Companies, are to deliver in Accounts of their Receipts and Disbursements. Costs, &Y. to be recovered in any Court of Record at Westminster. No Fee payable for any Warrant or Sum of Money issued in pursuance of this Act. Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to an Allowance as having served in the reduced Horle Guards, may, though serving in the Militia, receive the same. Receiver General, upon receiving a Warrant from the Commanding Officer, certifying the Receipt of the Clothing, and an Order for Payment, is to pay the lame accordingly. Deputy Lieu- tenants, and Officers above the Rank of Subalterns, who shall deliver in their Qualifications to the Clerks 4Uof the Peace before July 1, 1787, to be indemnified from any Penalties under Ati 26 Geo. 3. c. 107. No Militia Man inrolled prior to November 1, 1786, shall be required to join, unless his Regiment be called into actual Service. No Man inrolled only for three Years, and of whom no Attendance has been required, shall be entitled to Pay or Clothing. If any Regiment, idc. shall cease, 3 s. per Diem is to be paid'

to the Adjutant from such Time to March 25, 1788."

---

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting Rates of Portage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets, between Great Britain and the Port of Waterford, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by way of Milford Haven.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been found necessary, for the convenience and improvement of trade and commerce, and for the more speedy conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain end Ireland, to establish packet boats between the port of Milford Haven in the county of Pembroke, and the port of Waterford in the kingdom of Ireland; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[From April 5, 1787, Postage to be taken for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets from Milford Haven to Waterford.]

That, from and after the fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies, by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the use or his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the port and conveyance of all and every the letters and packets that shall be carried or conveyed, by packet boats, to or from the port of Milford Haven aforesaid, or to or from any other convenient port in the kingdom of Great Britain, from or to the port of Waterford aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient port in the said kingdom of Ireland, (over and above all other rates payable for the portage and conveyance of such letters and packets), according to the rates and sums hereafter mentioned, (the same being rated either by the letter, or by the ounce), that is to say,

[Rates of Postage.]

For every single letter, sixpence:

For every double letter, one shilling:

For every treble letter, one shilling and sixpence;

And for every ounce, two shillings:

And so in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, and other things.

[Postage of Letters from or to London or Waterford, by way of Milford Haven, not to exceed the Rates of Postage between London and Dublin, by way of Holyhead.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no letter or packet, sent by the post from or to London, to or from the port of Waterford aforesaid, by way of Milford Haven, shall be charged with an higher rate of postage than letters and packets sent from or to London, to or from Dublin, by the way of Holyhead, are now rated and liable to pay.

[Monies arising under this Act to be appropriated as the present Rates of Postage now are.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the monies to arise by the rates and duties aforesaid, (except the monies which shall be necessary to defray such expences as shall be incurred in the collection and management of the same), shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same uses as the present rates and duties of postage are now, or shall be respectively made applicable.

258. C. 10. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

CAP. X.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

[Preamble, reciting 26 Geo. 3. c. 81.]

---

Tkat Part of the Clause of recited Act, which refolds the Bounty of ao*. person to decked Vessels, repealed

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, it is enabled, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Space and Term of

seven Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, a Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton shall be paid annu'diy, in the Manner therein after prescribed, to the Owner or Owners of every decked Vessel of not Ids than fifteen Tons Burden, manned and navigated according to Law; which shall be fitted out for and employed in the British White Herring Fishery, in c the Manner and under the Regulations therein-after directed and provided: And whereas, by Part of a 4 Clause in the said Act, it is also enacted, That every Buss or Vessel, in order to be deemed properly fitted out for and duly employed in the said Fishery, so as to entitle the Owner or Owners thereof to the said Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton thereby granted, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, should be a decked Buss or Vessel built in Great Britain, after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty: And whereas it is just and expedient that the said Bounty should be extended and paid to the Owners of all Bufles and Vessels whatever built in Great Britain? and employed in the said Fishery, subject to the Directions and Provisions of the said Act:’ May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this present Act, that Part of the said Clause above recited, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

from the passing of this Act,

and the said Bounty extended to all Vessels whatever built in Great Britain, and employed in the said Fiifhery, agreeable to the said Act.

96 Geo. 3. x. «i. recited.

v

No Vessel to

deemed tn have a foil C*rgo, it

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bounty granted by the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to the Owner or Owners of Bulies or Vessels, built after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty, shall be extended and paid, and the same is hereby extended and directed to be paid to the Owner or Owners of all Bufles and Vessels whatever, built in Great Britain, and employed in the said Fishery, subject to the Directions and Provisions of the said Act, which is hereby declared to be in full Force, in all the Provisions, Directions, and Clauses thereof, except in so far as the same are hereby altered.

III. And whereas by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for the Space and Term of seven Years then next ensuing, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, a Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton shall be paid annually, in the Manner therein pre- feribed, to the Owner or Owners of every decked Vessel, of not less than fifteen Tons Burthen, manned and navigated according to Law, which mail be fitted out for, and employed in the British White Herring Fishery, in the Manner and under the Regulations therein-after directed and provided; and that every Buss or Vessel. in order to be deemed properly fitted out for, and duly employed in the said Fishery. so as to entitle the Owner or Owners thereof to the said Bounty, shall be a decked Buss or Vessel built in Great Britain, after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and shall have on board (barrelled up in new Barrels) twelve Bushels of Salt for every Last of Fish which such Buss or Vessel is capable of containing, and as many more new Barrels as such Buss or Vessel is capable of carrying, and also two hundred and fifty square Yards of Netting for each Ton of Buss Measurement, together with the customary Quantity of other Materials for the Equipment and Mounting of the said two hundred and fifty Yards of Netting in the Fishery Business, but with Liberty to make use of such Nets therein as shall be best adapted to the said Fishery; and shall have on board not less than five Men for the first fifteen Tons, and one additional Man for every five Tons by which such Buss or Vessel shall exceed fifteen Tons; and so stored, accoutered, furnished, and manned, shall clear out of some Port of Great Britain, at some Time between the first Day of June and the first Day of October in one and the same Year and shall proceed immediately on the Fishery, and shall there begin and continue to fish in an orderly regular Manner, without impeding or obstructing any other Vessel which shall be employed upon the Fishery, for the Space of three Months at the least, to be computed from the Day upon which the Master and Crew of such Buis or Vessel shall first (hoot or wet their Nets, unJefe such Buss or Vessel shall within that Space of Time return into Port with a full Cargo of Fish, taken wholly by the Master and Crew of such Buss or Vessel: And whereas it is expedient, in order to prevent Difficulties and Misunderstandings in regard to what is meant by a full Cargo of Fish, to declare what shall be deemed and taken to be a full Cargo of Fish, according to the Intent and Meaning of the said herein-before recited Act; and it is also expedient to make further Provisions for encouraging the said Fishery, which is a valuable Nursery of Seamen, and is the Means of employing a great Number of industrious Men, who have no other Way of living but by the Sea;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Buss or Vessel shall be deemed or taken to have a full Cargo of Fish on

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 10, 11. £59

board, according to the Intent and Meaning of the said herein-before recited Act, unless the Quantity of Her- *he Pr0-rings contained in such Cargo shall amount to, or exceed the Proportion of four Barrels of Herrings once packed, or of three Barrels of Herrings twice packed, and completely cured, for every Ton of the said Bui's ri^r5cence packI or Vessel by Admeasurement. ed, or three

twice packed, for every Ton Burthen.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June one June r, thousand seven hundred and eighty-leven, the Owner or Owners of every decked Buis or Veiled of not Icfs y ^js than fifteen Tons Burthen, built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, the Crews of which jcfa ch^a ic° shall, between the first Day of January in any one Year and the thirty-first Day of December in the same Ton?, shall be Year, have taken in the deep Sea Fishery such a Quantity of Herrings as shall amount, when completely entitled to the cured, either as White Herrings or as Red, to the Proportion of fix Barrels of Herrings for every Ton of Bouniiei her Burthen by Admeasurement, shall, during the Continuance of the said Act, be entitled, at the End of forfeit* every such Year, to a Bounty of twenty Shillings /ter Ton on her said Burthen, and shall also be entitled to Act^iTiher the further Bounty granted by the said Act of one Shilling per Barrel on the Quantity of Fish so taken and take In one properly cured, either as Red Herrings or as White, notwithstanding such Veiled may not have been fitted Year the Pm, cut with the Quantity of Nets, Salt, and Barrels, required by the said recited Act; which Bounties of portien of fix twenty Shillings and one Shilling shall be paid by such and the same Person or Persons, and in such and the ®*rrel1 °* Wcr-same Manner, as the Bounties of twenty Shillings and one Shilling, granted by the said recited Act, are by co"*/ To^every that Act directed to be paid. Ton Burthen,

though they may not have keen fitted out with the Quantity of Salt required by the said Act*

V. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Quantity of Herrings delivered from onboard any Vessel which shall have been fitted out on the Herring Fishery, without being furnished with the Quantity of Nets, Salt, and Barrels, required by Law, and on which the Bounty shall be claimed, shall be taken at the respective Times of such Delivery by the proper Officer of the Port, which Account shall be verified by the Oath of the Master and Mate of the Vessel, taken before the Collector or Comptroller, or other chief Officer of the Port (which Oath the said Collector or Comptroller, or other chief Officer, is hereby authorised and required to administer); and the said Master and Mate shall also swear, that all the Herrings so delivered were caught by the Crew of the said Vessel only; and for every Last of Herrings so delivered as aforesaid, the Owner of the Vessel claiming the said Bounty shall, within the said Year, or within fourteen Days after its Expiration, produce to the proper Officer of the Port ten Barrels of Herrings projierly cured, either as White Herrings or as Red: Provided always, Y hat of the Vessels fitted out from any one Port in Great Britain in any one Year, not more than fifty shall be entitled to the said Bounty of twenty Shillings per Ton, which is henein-before declared to be payable to such Vessels built and navigated as aforesaid, and of not less than the aforesaid Burthen, as shall have taken, within the Time aforesaid, the Quantity of Herrings aforesaid, without being furnished with the Quantity of Nets, Salt, and Barrels, required by the said recited Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty; and that if more than fifty Vessels of not less than the aforesaid Burthen, and built and navigated as aforesaid, shall have fitted out from any Port in Great Britain in any one Year, without being furnished with the Quantity of Nets, Salt, and Barrels, required by the aforfc-said Act, and shall have taken, within the aforesaid Time, the Quantity of Herrings aforesaid, thd ftid Bounty shall be paid to those fifty Vessels, the Crews of which shall have taken, within the aforesaid Time, the greatest Quantity of Herrings. the u mote ,h, u* AnU

Aii Account the Quantity ef Herrings deli, vend from V«£* felt not fitted oot agreeable to the recited Act* to be tikea et vbe Port of Cte* livery, &c. j

and no more than 50 such Vessel, fitted oet in one Year from the same Port, shall be entitled to the Bounty of tot, per, Tonr which shall be paid to the 50 Vessel that shall have taken be fitted out#

CAP. XI.

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in

the tenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing County Gaols-, and also an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Ail of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Ships of War and Forces by " Sea," as gives discretionary Power to Magistrates to commit Vagrants, and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with small Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen, whether such of the Provisions contained in an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled, An Act for making 6 Geo<

perpetual so much of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of If. fen Anne, for the reviving and 9

continuing everal Aits therein mentioned, as relates to the building and repairing County; and also an

Ail of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more effectual Suppref-

2j Geo. III. Mm fun

26b

Justice* may c^tnmir V*. g'ami, &c. to the House of

Correction.

[Preamble.]

From May I a, 1787, the present Duties of Goflomsr tod yxefent Draw* kaeki) to ccait.

The Duties of Package, &( payable to the City of London* &c. not to be altered by chit. Afl, &c.

C. 12, 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

fion of Piracy; and for making more effectual the Atl of the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Ring Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majestf s Ships of War and Forces by Sea,") as give a discretionary Power to Justices of the Peace, in their refoe olive Jurisdictions, to commit Vagrants, and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with 4 /mail Offences, either to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, extend to Offences committed against the*

Provisions contained in Acts of Parliament made fuice the passing of the said recited Act, where such Of- fenders are ordered to be committed to the Common Gaol: And whereas it may be proper to extend the Provisions of the said Act May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, to commit either to the Common Gaol, or to any House of Correction, within his or their respective Jurisdictions, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem most proper, such Vagrants, and other Criminals, Offenders, and Persons charged with or convicted of small Offences, as by any Law now in force, or hereafter to be made, be os they is or are, or shall be authorised to commit to the Common Gabt.

CAP. XII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Right Honourable Sir John Skyrmer Knight* late Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in confutation of his diligent and meritorious Services, and of his faithful and upright Conduct in the Execution of that Office.

[His Majesty empowered to grant to Sir John Skynner a nett Life Annuity of 2,000l. per Ann.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt.

WHEREAS the present Mode of charging and computing the several Duties of Customs and Excise,

and other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, is in many Instances intricate and complicated, and productive of much Embarrassment

to the persons who are to pay the same, as well as of great Perplexity in the Accounts of the Publick Revenue: And whereas it is necessary, for Amplifying the Collection of the Duties to be granted by this Act, that new Provisions should be made for the Payment of the several Charges to which different Branches of the said Duties are appropriated; and it will tend at all Times to strengthen the Public Credit, that one general Fund should be established, comprehending all the different Branches of the Revenue* and liable to all Charges which are now payable out of the same be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and Angular the Subsidies, Customs* Impositions, or Duties whatever (respecting the Revenue of Cystoms) payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, upon the Importation of any* Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into Great Britain; or Hpon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Great Britain; or upon any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the said Kingdom, and the several and respective Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Great Britain; or on any other Account whatever, respecting the Duties of Customs; and also the additional Imposts or Duties charged upon the Product and Amount of the said several Duties of Customs, shall cease and determine, favo and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or anywise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliace, or Portage, or any other Duties, payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within the Kingdom of Great Britain y or to repeal

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 261

or any wife alter the Prisage of Wines, the Duty called Butlerage, or the Duty of Twelvepence upon every Chaldron of Sea-coal exported from Newcastle upon Tyne, to any other Port or Ports of this Realm, or to any special Privilege or Exemption, to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

II. And whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Customs should be granted to your Majesty as aforesaid, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Pailia- ment assembled, have therefore given and granted to your Majesty the several Duties herein after mentioned:

And do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-1even, in lieu and in stead thereof, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money (except as herein after is provided), without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Parts beyond the Seas; or upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize from the Kingdom of Great Britain, or upon Goods, Wares, or Merchandize brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively inferred, described, and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked ( A.B. C.D. E.); and that there shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs, as the lame are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule and Tables marked (A.B. C.D. ii); any Law, Custom, or Usege, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act, or in any of the Schedules and Tables hereunto annexed marked (A.B. O. D. £.), shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give, grant, or allow, to the Exporter from Great Britain to foreign Parts, of any foreign Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, any Drawback of the Duties of Customs, paid upon the Importation thereof into Great Britain, or to authorise the Repayment or Allowance of the same, unless such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

shall be duly and in the Manner heretofore practised, entered for Exportation, with the proper Officer of the Customs, and actually shipped on board the"Ship or Vessel in which the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are intended to be exported, within the Space of three Years from the Time such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, were originally imported into Great Britain (the Time of such Importation to be accounted from the Matter’s Report inwards of his Ship), and unless sufficient Proof be also first made by Certificate from the proper Officers of the due Entry and Payment of the Duties inwards upon such foreign Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and by the Oath or Affirmation of the Merchants importing and exporting the same, verifying and affirming the Truth thereof, and the Name of his Majesty's Searcher or Under Searcher in the rort of London, or of the Searcher of any other the Out-Ports, testifying the shipping thereof to be exported, and unless such Drawback be duly claimed within two Years after such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize,

shall be shipped for Exportation.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties of Customs by this Act

imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being \ and such thereof as shall arile in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland far the Time being.

Scotland

From May to, 1787, the Duties contained in the Schedules hereto anoexed to be levied, and the Drawbacks therein to be allowed, in lieu of those which are then to ccafe.

Drawbacks not to be allowed except the Goods be properly entered for Exportation, and actually Arpped within three Years from their Importation, dec.

nor unless they are claimed in two Years after to shipped.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissionera of Customs in England and respeditely.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Sums of Money Co respect New Duties and tively inserted, described, and set forth, in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A.B. Drawbacks to be C.D. E.), zs the Duties of Customs, and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs, upon, for, or in re- ,*£e *M°a*J spect of d>e several Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, inserted therein, shall and may be respectively managed, ner as ,hc old ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed (except where any Alteration Duties, is exprefely made by this Act), in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, W ays, or Methods, by which the former Duties of Customs and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, upon Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also by any or either of the special Means, Ways, or Methods, respectively, by which the former Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, upon Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, and the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (o by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with. Duties of Customs, or so entitled to Drawback Duties of Customs, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in the Lid Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked (A. n. C. I). E.), upon the Importation thereof into, or Exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other Account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules,

Restrictions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, respecting the Revenue of Customs, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and all ami every Pain. Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, as well Pains and the Peaih-of Death as others, for any Offence whatever, committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Par- tic* for 0*c£* tiament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-leven, made for (tearing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several 1Q, 17s7 t0r1

C,

curing the Revenue, extended to this Act, <m* Ief» hereby altered.

The A£>« in furte on M ay 10, 1787) relative to the Custoios, to remain in force, unlers heiebj altered*

What^hi))* ate meant by Br»-

«ifh built in the Schedule.

Goode permitted to be entered Duty-free by Asti in force bn May 10, 17S7# not to be subject to Duty, unless particular^ charged there-with in the Schedule.

No Drawback to

be granted unless allowed Acts in force on May 10, 17*7.

No Goods to bp imported or exported contrary to Acts in three On May 10, *787, un-b fs permitted by this Act.

Bonds for Duties may bt given as heretofore, except for Coals.

AM Goods imported to be catered at the Custom-hou.fr, and landed, Scc. except Dia-poodi, kc«

If more than three Dozent of Bottles^or zo Galli ns in Cask of 'Wine imported into anp ©fct-Pwt, he

C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this Act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Act?, Glaufes, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Act of Parliament in force on and

immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, by which any Conditions, Rules, Regulations, or Restrictions, were made, established, or directed, for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into, or Exportation from, Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Codlwile, or from Port to Port within the same Kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, shall, and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the lame into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act. 1

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That wherever the Words British-built Slip, or British-bailt Ships, are inserted in the said Schedule or Tables marked (A. C. E.), hereunto annexed, the same shall be understood, deemed, and taken to mean a British-built Ship, or British-built Ships, or a Prize Ship taken at Sea, by Letters of Marque or Reprisal, legally condemned in a Court of Admiralty, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and none other.

V ill- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in this Aor in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, shall extend, or be Conffrued to extend, to fuhjed to Duty any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which, by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, may, under particular Circumstances and Conditions, be permitted to be imported and entered without Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, or other Duty, unless the same are particularly charged with Duties in the Schedule or 'Fables hereunto annexed, marked (A.B. C.D. E.); and no Notes are subjoined to any Article therein, referring to any former Act or Acts which provide an Exemption from the Duties of Customs under certain Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, on the due Performance of which, the Exempt tion from any of the said Duties hereby repealed, on such Articles, would have depended if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to allow a Drawback upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to any Port or Place to which a Drawback was not allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on

and immediately before the tenth Day of A say one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

X. And whereas in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, certain Goods, Wares, or Merchan-f dize are enumerated, and certain Duties and Drawbacks affixed thereto; which Goode, Wares, or Mer- chandi^e, although not absolutely prohibited, yet under particular Circumstances, by the Laws in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of Afay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, are not permitted to be imported into, or exported from, this Kingdom be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing contained in the said Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever to be imported into, or exported from, Great Britain, in anyi Way or Manner contrary to any Act or AcU of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of Afay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, except in any Case where Provision is expressly made for that Purpose in the Body of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent the Importers or Proprietors of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from securing by Bond the whole Duties due and payable thereon by this Act (except the Duties on Coals, which shall be paid in ready Money, without any Discount, or Liberty to bond the same), provided the whole Duties due and payable upon such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, might have been so secured by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven,

XII. And be it further enacted1 by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported or brought into Great Britain with an Intent to be landed, except Diamonds, Jewels, Pearls, precious Stones* and Bullion, and fresh Fish, British taken, and imported in British-hu^t Ships or Vessels* owned, navigated, and registered according to Law? and also except Turbots and Lobffers, however taken or imported; whether such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are or shall be liable to Duty or not, shall be regularly entered at the Custom-house, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers, who shall examine the same, and shall not deliver them put of his or their Custody and Possession, until he or they shall have taken a particular Account of the Quantity and Species of such Goods.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, no Wine Qf any Sort, -exceeding the Quantity often Gallons, which at any Time shall have been imported from foreign Parts into, any Out-Port of this Kingdom, shall be brought, removed, or carried from such Out-Port, or from any Port or Place whatsoeverv either by Land or by Water, into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatsoever within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London% before the Owner or Proprietor: of such Wine shall have

*3

c.

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 263

have paid unto the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs nearest to the Place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed, the Difference of the respective Duties payable at the Out-Ports and in the Port of London* in Addition to the Duties which shall have previously been paid on the Importation of such Wine at any Out-Port, which Duties are respectively ascertained, described, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.); and if any Quantity of Wine in Bottles exceeding three Dozens, or in a Cask or Caflcs exceeding ten Gallons, shall at one and the same Time, and in one and the same Carriage, he brought, removed, or carried, either by Land or by Water, into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatever within twenty Miles of the said Royal Exchange* without a Certificate from such Collector or other proper Officer of his Majesty's Customs, expressing the Quality and Quantity of such Wine, and certifying that the Difference between the Duties payable at the Out-Ports and those, which aie due in the Port of London, on the Importation of such Wine, have been duly paid and satisfied, or that the same was Wine fold for Salvage, or that the same has been compounded for, or condemned, such Wine shall be forfeited, together with the Casks and V tikis containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and prosecuted in such Manner as any Wines, for which the Dudes of Customs or Excise have not been paid, may be seized and prosecuted.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, after the Removal of any such Wine, and after Payment of the Duties payable thereon, in any of the Out-Ports, and also of the Difference of the ref]native Duties payable at the Out-Ports and the Port of London, on the Importation of such Wines, and before the same shall be brought into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatever within the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, such Wine shall happen to be staved, or to be loft, or perish, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, or any four of them (Proof having been made upon Oath, to their Satisfaction, that such Wine has been so staved, or has been loft, or has perished, as aforesaid), shall cause Repayment to be made to the Owner or Proprietor of such Wine, of so much Money as the Difference of the Duties payable for such Wines in any Out-Port and in the Port of London shall amount to; such Repayment to be made out of any of the Duties of Customs payable by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of India, Onna, or of any Place or Country within the Limits of the Charter or Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and imported by the said Company, on which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, specitick Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of the said Duties, are not particularly affixed as such in the Schedule marked (A.), hereunto annexed* shall be subject and liable to such Duties of Customs on Importation into, and entitled to such Drawbacks on Exportation from Great Britain, as are respectively affixed thereto, and set forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked (B.); and that the Value and Price of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, according to which the Duties ot Customs respectively affixed, and the Drawbacks respectively let forth in the said Table hereunto annexed marked (B.), are to be secured, levied, collected, answered, paid, and allowed, shall be ascertained by the gross Price at which such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been respectively (old at the publick Sales of the said United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, without any Deduction or Allowance of any Kind whatever j any former A<stor Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. % And whereas, in framing*the Schedule of the Duties and Drawbacks hereunto annexed marked (A.) 4 it was deemed expedient to omit certain Species of Goods which had been inserted in the two Books of Rates, one of which was made by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and the other by and in pursuance of another

Act of Parliament made and passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Eirft, some of

those Articles having been described in Terms obsolete, and not at this Time generally understood, and others therein mentioned being not now in use; and to omit other Articles in the said Schedule, by reason that the great Diversity of Value of the several Species thereof would render it impossible for proper Duties-

to be imposed thereon, payable according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure of such Articles: In 4 order therefore to ascertain what Duties shall be paid on the Importation, and what Drawbacks shall be repaid on the Exportation, of all Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize not otherwise particularly charged with Duties in the said Schedule or Tables, and not exempted or excepted therefrom by any Ad: 4 of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies? be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May. one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which certain (pecificlc Duties, according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure thereof, are not imposed, affixed, and ascertained, in the Schedule marked (A.), and not being exempt from Duty by any Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall be subject and liable to such Duties on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, and entitled to such Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, as are imposed, ascertained, and set forth in the Table hereunto annexed marked (D.J, except as is herein after provided.

carried therefrom to within ao Miles of

London without a Certificate that, the Difference of the Du<ie<! at London and the Out-Port is paid, the Wine, &c. to be seized, Ac*

If Wine so removing from an Out-Port toLon-, don, for which the Duties have, been duly paid, should be lLved* the Owner (halt be repaid the Difference, of the Duties at th^ Out-Port and at, London.

Goods Import'd^ by the East India Company from Places within the Limits of their Charter, the Duties on which are not Specified in Schedule (A.)* to be liable to the Duties set forth in Tabla (B.), &c.

Recital of the Books of Rate of the 12th Car. 2. and tht' 11th Geo. i*

All* Goods whose Duties art* nnt fixed by Schedule (A«), to be liable to the Duties, and entitled to the Drawbacks set forth in Table (D.), unit (a exempted by Law* or imported by the India Company,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Value of non-enumerated Goods, The Value of Wares, or Merchandize, according to which the Duties hereby imposed and ascertained, and set forth in the "on^numer*t«d Tables hereunto annexed marked (C. and D.) are to be levied, collected, and paid, shall be ascertained by ifecruined by

the 1

264. C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

the importer off th? Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, or his known Agent or Factor, in Manner

ih^Manner ° an<^ ^orm ^ow‘ng i (that IS tO say,)

- c< T do hereby declare. That the Goods mentioned in this Entry, and contained in the Packages

[Here Specifying the several Packages^ and describing fbe several Adarks and Numbers, as the Cqfe may

ci be] are of the Growth* Production, or Manufacture [as the Cefe may be] of

and that I am the Importer or Proprietor thereof or that I am duly authorised by him [as the Case may " be] and I do enter the lame at the Value of Witnds my Hand, the Day of

if Em

The above Declaration, signed the Day of in the Presence of

" C.D. Collector.

u £. E. Controller, or other Principal Officer."

Which Declaration shall be written on the Warrant of the Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Factor, in the Presence of two of the principal Officers of the Customs at the Port of Importation, of which the Col-T)«cl*r*- feftor shall be one, who shall certify the same under their Hands; and such Declaration, so made and signed as herein-before directed, shall be to all Intents and Purposes whatever of the same Force and Effect, and the the importer or Importer qt Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall beinevery Respect bound by such Proprietor, aa Declaration, as fully and effectually, as if the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, had been as fully as if it had heretofore ascertained by the Oath or Affirmation of such Importer or Proprietor; and if, upon View and been made on Examination of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, ?ath g JOd* b lt appear to them that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are not valued according to the

undervalued, true ^>r*ce ^a^ue thereof, and aocordinr to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall and they are to be may be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to detain such Goods, Wares, or Mer-

taken^for the chandize, and to cause the same to be conveyed into his Majesty's Warehouse, or otherwise properly

Vfe of the secured, at the Port of Importation, and to take such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize* for the U(e and in for th^m*at Crown, within eight Days from the Landing thereof, in case the Goods shall have been im-

«he Rates 'hire- P°r^ into the Ports of London or Leith, and within fifteen Days from die Landing thereof, in case the xi mentioned. Goods shall have been imported into any other Ports in this Kingdom than the Ports of London or Leith 5

and the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, are hereby empowered to direct the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs, in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have been imported into the Port of London, to pay, out of any Money in his Hands arising from the Revenue of Customs, to the Importer or Proprietor or such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Value thereof so ascertained as aforesaid, together with an Addition of ten Pounds per Centum thereon, and also the duties paid on the Importation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, but without any further Allowance, either on Account of Freight, or any other Charge or Expence whatever, which Payment shall be made within fifteen Days after the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have been so taken, in case the Value of the same shall exceed twenty Pounds, and without Delay, if the Value of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall not exceed twenty Pounds; and in case such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall have been so taken and detained in any Port of this Kingdom other than the Port of London, the Collector of the Customs in such Port, with the Privity of his Comptroller, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to make such and the like Payment, out of any Money in his Hands arising from Customs, to the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, fo/aken and detained as aforesaid.

CooJs so taken X

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Payment so made to the Importer

for the use of or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be in full Satisfaction for the same, to all Intents be%old°"aoITif anc* ^urP°fes* 1f the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, had been regularly fold; and it shall and may be they°prodece " lawful fertile Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England, or any four or more of them, and the

more than Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, respectively, to cause

ail Costs and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be fairly and publickly sold to the best Advantage; and in case

charge*, a there shall be aay Overplus remaining from the Produce of such Sale, after deducting the Value so afeeruined

Over may 35 a^ore^a^» together with the Addition of ten Pounds ter Centum thereon, and of the Duties paid on the

given the Importation, and also the Charges arising from the Warehousing and Sale of such Goods, the said Commil-Orticera who sioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, shall and may order one Moiety of mmined them, such Overplus to be paid to the several and respective Officers of the Customs concerned in the View and Examination of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, as an Encouragement for the faithful Discharge of their Duty; and the other Moiety of such Overplus, together with the Amount of the Value of the Goods, fi> ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of ten Pounds per Centum, and also of the Duties paid or payable on the Importation thereof, shall be paid to the Collector of his Majesty's Customs in that Port within which the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been fold; but in case it shall so happen that the Produce of such Sale, after deducting the Charges arising from the Warehousing, Securing, or Sale of such Goods, shall not exceed the Value of such Goods so ascertained as aforesaid, with the Addition of ten Pounds ter Centum thereon, and of the Duties paid on the Importation thereof, that then, and in such Case, the whole Produce of the Sale of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, after deducting the Charge arising from the Warehousing, Securing, and Sale thereof, shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of his Majesty's Customs in that Port within which the said Goods shall have been so sold.

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 265

XIX. And whereas certain Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, are by this Act charged with, and made subject to Duty on Exportation from this Kingdom, according to the Value thereof;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be ascertained by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in Manner and Form following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do hereby declare. That I am the Exporter or Proprietor of the Goods mentioned in thifr Entry; and I do enter the same at the Value of Witness my Hand, the Day

tt of

A.B.

The above Declaration, signed the Day of in the Presence of

C\ D. Collector.

E. F. Comptroller, or other Principal Officer."

Which Declaration shall be written on the Entry outwards of such Goods, Ware9, or Merchandize, ancT shall be subscribed with the Hand of the Exporter or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Factor, in the Pirefence of two of the principal Officers of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, of which the Collector shall be one, who shall certify the same under their Hands; and such Declaration, so made and signed as herein directed, shall be to all Intents and Purposes whatever of the same Force and Eftest, and the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall be in every Respect bound by such Declaration as fully and effectually, as if the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize had been, as heretofore, ascertained by the Oath or-Affirmation of such Exporter or Proprietor; and if. upon View and Examination thereof by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, it shall appear to nim of them that such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are not valued, by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor thereof, according to the true Price or Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Officers of the Customs to detain the same, in such and the like Manner as the Officer* of the Customs are by this Act authorised to detain Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Great Britain from foreign Parts, and liable to pay Duty at Value according to the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Factor, and which shall. appear to be undervalued; and such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, so appearing to be undervalued by the Exporter or Proprietor thereof, shall be secured in such Manner, and under such and the like Regulations, and shall and maybe disposed of, and the Produce applied, in such Manner, and under such and the like Regulations, as Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into Great Britain from foreign Parts, and % liable to pay Duty at Value according to the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; and which shall appear to be undervalued, are by this Act directed to be detained, secured, and disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied; and the Exporter or Proprietor shall in such Case be paid in like Manner, and unde* the like Authority, by the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs, in case the Goods* Wares, or Merchandize shall be entered for Exportation in the Port of London, or by the Collectors of his Majesty's Customs at the other Ports of Great Britain respectively, if the Goods shall be entered for Exportation at any other Port than the Port of London, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from the Revenue of Customs, the Value of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so ascertained as aforesaid by the Exporter or Proprietor thereof, together with ten Pounds per Centum, and also the Customs paid on the Entry for Exportation of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, without any further Allowance on any Account whatever, which Payment shall be made within fifteen Days after the said Goods, Wares, or Mer-» chandize shall have been so taken and detained.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Money shall be paid into the Hands of any Collector of the Customs in any Port of this Kingdom, on Account of the Produce of such Sale, shall be, by every such Collector, applied in like Manner as if the same had been received by him on Account of the Duties of Customs by this Act granted and imposed*.

The Value of Goods, chargeable with Duties according the re— to, on Exportation, to be af-ceriained in the Manner hereitt-mentioned-;

which Declare* lion of the Valve shall be as binding as if made on Oath y and if the Good! are undervalued, to be disposed of, &c. at Goods imported and undervalued are directed to be.

Chlle&ots of the Customs to account for Money received for Sale of Goods undervalued, as for Dntiet granted by this A

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, fronvand after the tenth Day of May one thofuand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the Bounty or Allowance to Masters of Ships inwards, commonly called and known by the Name of Portage, shall cease and determine, and the same shall not be paid or allowed to the Matter of any Ship or Vessel who shall not have duly made his Report at the Custom House on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, any Custom or Ulaee to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas, by a Treaty of Navigation and Commerce lately concluded between His j5r/-tarmuk Majesty and the Most Christian King, signed at Versailles the twenty-sixth Day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and by a Convention signed on the fifteenth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, it is agreed, that Olive Oil, Vinegar, Brandy, Linen, Porcelain. Earthen Ware and Pottery, Plate Glass and Glass Ware, Beer, Hardware, Cutlery, Cabinet Ware, Turnery, Musical Instruments, Cambricks, or French Lawns; all Works of Iron, Steel, Copper, and Brafc, pure or mixed; and all Sorts of Cottons and Woollens, whether knit or wove? including Hosiery manufactured in the European Dominions of the French King; Sadlery, Gauzes, and Millinery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Cambrick, or Gauze, or of any other Article which may be legally, imported into this Kingdom, of the Manufacture of France, or of any of the European Dominions of the French King, and also French Wines, shall, for a limited Time, be imported into Great Britain on Payment

Portage to Mastera of Shipt to cease at May 10, 17*7*

Recital of Treaty between his Britannick Majesty and tl t Most Christian King.

266, C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

frcm May io, 178*. to M*y lo, 1800, the Articles herein enumerated may be imported drom the tu-ri pean Dominions of the French King, on paving the Duties Specified it the annexed Tabl«, (C.J and

Cambnclci or French Lawns may be imported, worn, or luld.

Camhricki legally imported for Exportation, before May xo, 1787, may be received into the Custody of the Own cm, on paying the Duties imposed by this Act j

and Cambrlek* 1cized before the same Day, may be sold for Home Consumption.

Cambricks imported in Ships of less than 60 Tons Burthen, and in Bales not containing the Quantity of xoo Piece*, and French Wines in Packages containing less than three Dozen Quarts, to be forteiied.

The Commissioners of Cuf-Coms may settle the Accounts of Collectors or ftcccittrs, who

‘ ment of certain Duties, as in the said Treaty and Convention are respectively stipulated and agreed on, and

that other Merchandizes shall pay the Duties payable by the most favoured European Nations: And- whereas some of the before-mentioned Articles are either positively orcircumstantially prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom*/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, until the tenth Day of Afay which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, and no longer, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great Britain, either for Sale or otherwise, directly from France, or from any Place in the European Dominions of the French King, any Vinegar, Brandy, Linen, Porcelain, Earthen Ware and Pottery, Plate Glass and Glass Ware, Beer, Hardware, Cutlery, Cabinet Ware, Turnery, Musical Instruments, Cambricks or French Lawns, Thread, Bone Lace, Works of Iron, Steel, Copper, and Brass, pure or mixed, Cottons and Woollens of all Sorts, whether knit or wove, including Holiery, Sadlery, Gauzes, and Millinery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Cambrick, or Gauze, or of any other Article which may be legally imported into this Kingdom, being of the Manufacture of France^ or of any of the European Dominions of the French King; also French Wines in Casks from any Place hi the European Dominions of the French King, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as such Wines may now by Law be imported from France; and also French Wines in Bottles or Elafks, as well for Sale as for private Use, except as is herein after provided, from any Place in the European Dominions of the French King, or from the Islands of Guernsey\ Jersey, or Mlcrney, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as tire same may now by Law be imported from France, for private Use; and Olive Oil, the Product or Manufacture of Frame, or of any Place in the European Dominions of the French King, from any Part of the Netherlands belonging to or under the Dominion of the French King, in British built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered, according to the Laws in force on or immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, or in French-built Ships or Yeilels owned by and belonging wholly to the Subjects of the French King, and whereof the Matter and three Fourths of the Mariners, at the least, are the Subjects of the French King, on Payment of the several and respective Duties due and payable on the Importation thereof, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Table and Schedule hereunto annexed marked (C.) and (F.j.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cambricks or French Lawns legally imported, shall and maybe worn, used, or consumed in Great Britain, or sold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation, nor shall the Person or Persons who shall import, wear, use, or consume the same, or who shall fell, or expose to Sale, the same, or have the same in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines whatever, for wearing, using, consuming, felling, or exposing to Sale the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That thelmporters or Proprietors of any Cambricks or French Lawns, which, before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall have been imported into Great Britain for Exportation, from any Part or Place in the European Dominions of the French King, and lodged according to Law in a Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, or which shall, on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be lawfully so imported into Great Britain for that Purpose, shall, after the tenth Day of Afay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-ieven, be at Liberty to take and receive the same into their own Custody and Possession, either for Sale and Consumption in this Kingdom, or otherwise, such Importers or Proprietors first making a regular Entry of all such Cambricks or French Lawns with the proper Officer of the Customs, and paying such Duty for the same as Cambricks or French Lawns, imported after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-ieven, are by this present Act made subject and liable to; and all Cambricks or French Lawns under Seizure by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or which shall or may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, on or before the tenth Day of Aliy one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall and may, alter Condemnation, be (old for Consumption in this Kingdom, and no Person shall be subject or liable to any Penalty for having the same in his Custody or Possession, the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof first making a regular Entry of all such Cambricks or French Lawns with the proper Officers of the Cudoms, i.nd paying such Duty for the same as Cambricks or French Lawns, imported after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, are by this Act made subject and liable to* any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit or allow, during the Time limited by this Act, the Importation of any Cambricks or French Lawns, other than in Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of sixty Tons or upwards, and in Bales, cases, or Boxes, covered with Sackcloth or Canvas, each of which Bales, cases, or Boxes, shall contain one hundred whole Pieces, or two hundred demi -or half Pieces, of Cambricks or French Lawns; or the Importation of any French Wines in Bottles or Elafks, other than in Packages, each of which shall contain at the lead three Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks; and in case any Cambricks or French Lawns, or any French Wines in Bottles or Flasks, shall be imported in any other. Way, Form, or Manner, or in any less Quantity, the same shall, and are hereby declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs.

XXV. And whereas divers of the late as well as the present Collectors or Receivers of the Revenue of Customs, by reason of the great Numbers of Branches of the Revenue of Customs heretofore granted to his present Majesty, and to his Royal Predecessors, have, in many Instances, applied erroneously to one Branch of the Revenue of Customs the Money properly belonging and applicable to another, by which Means the Accounts of such Collectors or Receivers remain unfculed and unliquidated / be it therefore

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 267

»ng to one branch of the Revenue to an# ether Brack*

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Ma- h»e *pp»>c4 Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the Commissioners of ^oll<y his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, finally to settle and close the Accounts of such late or present Collectors or Receivers of any Part of the Revenue of Customs, or other Duties under their Management, notwithstanding their having so erroneously applied to one Branch of the Revenue of Customs the Money properly belonging to another; and thtTaid Commissioners are hereby respectively empowered to correct such Application, in order to prevent the Accounts of any such late or present Collectors or Receivers from heing kept open, unsettled, and unliquidated; and all such Corrections shall, and are hereby directed to be allowed by the Commissioners for better examining and auditing die Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in the passing the general Account of Customs, Subsidies, and,

Impositions.

XXVI. And whereas it is expedient that the several Duties of Customs granted by this Act should be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs, as soon as may be,

and that the Accounts of the several Persons employed in the Collection or Receipt of such Duties shouM 4 be frequently settled and adjusted, in order that the Balance of Cash remaining in their Hands (if any)

may at all limes be clearly ascertained and known / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority East India Com-aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, Panrt0 p»y.« the Onited Company of Merchants of England trading to the East India shall pay, or cause to be paid, the they into the Hands of the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, all and i^w^tboir Du-every Sum or Sums of Adoneydue and payable from the said United Company, on Account of the Duties ties to iheUe-of Customs, at the several and respective Times and Periods when the same shall become due and payable ceiver General by Law; and that the said Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs shall give, or cause to be of the given, to the said United Company, a Receipt for the Monies so paid for and on the Account of the Collector

- R<*e^l4

of his Majesty's Customs, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money are by Law now due and payable, af cast! by Vhe which Receipt, when delivered to such Collector, shall be received by him as Cash; any Law, Custom, or CclieCor. Ufaee to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of Datlea college* Anyone thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, every Person employed in the Port of London in the in the Port of Collection or Receipt of any Part of the Duties of Customs, shall pay into the Hands of the said Receiver Ldon General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs the Whole of the Monies which he shall receive on Account £ifw°Oeneraf of the Duties of Customs, on the Day on which he shall receive the same, or as near the Whole as may be, on the Daystbeyc save and except such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, from Time^o Time, by virtue of the special Order vt received* 1 of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them

(as heretofore), be directed to be deducted, paid, or allowed therefrom.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of Afay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and every Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to be due on any Debenture for the Payment of any Part of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares,

or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, or any Debenture, Certificate, or other Instrument or Document whatever, for the Payment of any Money by way of Premium, Bounty, Allowance, or otherwise, directed by this Act to be paid out of the Duties of Customs, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, or by the special Order or Direction of the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for die Time being, or any four or more of them, where such Payment or Allowance shall become due in the Port of London, shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, properly authorised to receive the same, by the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, out of any Monies in his Hands arising from the Duties of Customs; and every such Payment or Allowance, so made by the said Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs, thaN* and is hereby directed to be allowed by the Commissioners for the better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom, in the settling or Auditing of the Accounts of the Receiver General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs; any Law, Custom, or Osage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any of the Collectors or Receivers of his Majesty's Customs in any Port of Great Britain, other than the Port of London, from making such Payments or Allowances, oat of any of the Monies in their Hands, arising from the Duties of Customs, on Account of any Debenture or Certificate, or by virtue of any Instrument or Document whatever, as they would have been authored to have done if this Act had not been made.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or any way affect any Bounty or Premium whatever, now payable by Law out of any Part of the Revenue of the Customs, >on the Importation into, or on the Exportation from, this Kingdom, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize 5 but that the same shall continue, and be paid and allowed as heretofore; and the proper Officers of the Customs, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, are hereby authorised and required to pay and allow the same, out of any Money in their Hands arising from Customs.

XXXI. And whereas certain Rules, Orders, Directions? and Regulations, are annexed to the two Books of Rates herein-before mentioned, under the following Titles or Heads; (that is to fav,) Thole annexed to the said Book of Rates made in the said twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

under the Title or Head of Certain Rules, Orders, Directions, and Allowances* for the Advancement of Trade, and Encouragement of the Merchant, as also for the regulating, astvell of the Merchants in ?naktnp 27 Geo. III. - Nn 4 due

Moniev due on Debentures for Drawbacks or Premium*, if due in Lond<m, to be paid by the Receiver General*

SuchDcbenturfS not due in London, may be pi id

by the respective C*lltrtorf«tthe Out Puru.

This not to alter or aftest ny Bounty or Premium now payable out of the Revenue uf Customs.

From May to# «y&7, ike Redn anac ie4 to tl e two Books of Ratet oha €u. %. and 11 Geo. i. to b« repealed.

FHh caught by any Vessels built in his Majesty's Dominions, and owned by his Majesty's European Subje£l% may be imported without pay-irg any Duty.

If Goods on which Dutiee are payable according to their Weighty Sic, should be damaged on the Voyage, a proportionable Allowance cur of the Duties shall be paid to the Merchant, to be ascertained as herein Ajfcfted.

Goods to contl* nue to be laden nd* unladen,

and Officers of the Customs to attend at the same Hours, and the same Fees to be received, as now established by Law.

From May io, 1787. the present Duties of Excite to ceate, except in certain Instances j

bftd in lieu thereof there shall be levied he Duties spe-

Gr jgv Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

1 dot Entries and just Payments of their Customsj as of the Officers in all the Ports* of, this Kingdom-in th?

faithful Discharge of their Duty; and those annexed to the said Book of ^tes made in the said eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, under the Title or Head of Rules, Orders.

1 and Regulations: And whereas it is expedient that the same should be repealed,:' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That# from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the several Rules, Orders, Directions, and Regulations, annexed to the said two Books of Rates, and every Thing therein contained, shall be repealed $ and the same are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever, except such Part or Parts thereof as are re-enacted in this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fresh Fish of every Kind or Sort whatever, caught or taken in any Part of the Ocean, by the Crews of any Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, the Blands of jersey, Guernsey*, or Man, or in any of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, which now belong, or at the rime of building such Ships or Vessels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the Possession of, his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and wholly-belonging to and owned by his Majesty's Subjedfcs usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsy, jferjey, or Man, and navigated and registered according to Law, shall and may be imported into Great Britain, in Ships built, owned, navigated, and registered as aforesaid, without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatever; any Thing in this Act\ contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goods, Wares, or Mer-

chandize whatever, on which specifick Duties are payable by this Act> according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge, or Measure thereof, and which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from foreign Parts, after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven (except Wine, Tobacco, Raisins, and Currants), shall receive any Damage by Salt Water or otherwise, during the Course of the Voyage, after such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall have been laden or shipped in foreign Parts, and before the same shall be unshipped or discharged from the Ship or Vessel in which they shall be imported into Great Britain, so that the Owner thereof* shall be prejudiced in the Sale of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the principal Officers of the Customs, or any two of them, whereof the Collector for the Time being, shall be one (the Proof of such Damage being first ascertained in the Manner required by Law, on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven), shall hav£ Power to choose two indiffcreiU Merchants^ experienced in the Values of such Goods, Ware$, or Merchandize, who. upon.viewingnhe-feme shall certify and declare, ,-upon their corporal Oaths, first admii)ifteretj by the said Officers ( who are hereby authored and empowered to administer die same), what Dapiagg fpph Goods, > Wares, or Merchandize, have received# and much the same are lessened in their true V;alu^y according to such Damage, in relation to the Duties set on them in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (A.); and thereupon the proper Officers shall, a*nd $hey are hereby authorised and required.,;© make a just, rqafooable, and proportionable Allowance to the Merchant, r by way, of Return or Repayment Out of the Duties due and which shall have been actually paid.for the same.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in fbU Act contained shall extend, or be construed to* extend, to permit or allow anfy Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be laden or unladen at any other Places, or at any other Times or Houfs than is nowiby Law allowed, nor to alter or vary the lawful Hours for the Attendance of the Officers of his Majesty's Customs respectively, nor to alter, vary, repeal, or in, any Respedi encrease the Fees established by Law to the Officers of his Majesty's Customs; but the same shall, and are hereby declared to continue and remain severally and respectively as they were on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thoofarid seven hundred and eighty-seven.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one, thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and Angular the Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, and also the additional Imposts or Duties charged upon the Product and Amount of the said several Duties, shall cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and further, save and except the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, granted by two several A Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six \ and the other, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and save also and further except the Rates or Duties payable for any Licence or Licences which the said Commissioners of Excise, or any or either of them, or the"Collectors, Supervisors, or Officers of Excise, or any of them, are Or have been, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty*»even, authorised or empowered to grant.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from *n*after the said tenth Day of Mat one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, in lieu and in stead of the said Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respe&iYcly, by this Act repealed,

there

A.<P. i (fit*. C. 1.3. 269

Acre shall be ipifed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the several «>fhd»«Sche- Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities,.unentioned and described in the Schedule marked (F.) 4^eSf^ hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excile, as they are respectively 'inserted, e 9 c* described, jztnd set forth in the said Schedule; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in fefpeft of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this-Ail imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the tame, the several Allowances, Bounties, and {Drawbacks of Excise, as the same are also respectively inserted, deferLbed, and set forth in the said Schedule; dpd also all other suchipecial Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of A/ay one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties of Excise by New Duties to this A Si imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management bc

of the Commissioners of Excise in England Sox the Time being \ and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for er'of ETcife00* the Time being, and shall be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, and discharged by the Person and and to be »c-fersons liable to the accounting for, clearing off. Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge thereof, at such Time counted for as and Times, and inflich Manner, as the Duties of Excile, and other Duties under the Management of the the repealed Do. said Commissioners of Excise reflectively (hereby rq>caled j, chargeable upon the like Goods, Wares, Mer- uei were» chandize, and Commodities, respectively, or upon any Person or Persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force 011 and immediately before the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied, or discharged.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several bums of Money *Ad itmy %e ^efpediively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.), as the Duties of Excise, and the Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks, of the Duties of Excise, upon the several Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities also inserted therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, Manner! Collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed (except where any Alteration is uniefg hereby J exprefely made by this Act), in such and thelike Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, altered*

Or Methods by which the former Duties of Excisev and other Duties under the Management of the said Com-

Bi Stone is of Excise respectively, and Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, and other uties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, in general; and also by any pr either of the foecjal Means, Ways,*or Methods, respectively, by which the former Duties of Excise, and bther Duties under t-he Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, and Allowances, Bounties^ and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and allowed and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, the Goo*

or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Allowances, Bounties, or Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, as respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (F.), shall be, E^fe'br Jhf* and the lame are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Re* An. to be Tub-(trillions, and Forfeitures, to which Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities in general, and also patotheCon-ali and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Forfeitures respectively, to dition, &c. they 'which the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament* in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty- y 71

seven, respecting the Duties of Excise, or other Dudes under the Management of the said Commissioners of Efccife respectively, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament;. and; all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture of any Nature or *d tbft Penal Kind whatever, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against, or in J^eex^endcdto Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one this Act!" thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or other Duties under. the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this Act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise, and Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as.if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions,

Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, were particulary repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act. pun?.*, &c. on,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where Duties are Im- Qoan-

posed, or Drawbacks allowed, by this Act, on any specifick Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, jYaYrlvtV°p Y-the tame, shall, in every Case, be understood and deemed and taken to apply, in the same Proportion, and ii,,i‘abiy u> any" after the same Rate, to any Quantity less than such specifick Quantity. lets Q^un itics.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies arising from Duties, either by All Duties cd-. Bond or otherwise, respecting the Revenues of Customs and Excise, raised, levied, collected, or paid, from and i^ed alter m\y after the tenth Day of /Iday one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for or on account of any Goods, 10,17^7? eirr.tr Wares, or Merchandize whatever, imported or brought into Great Britain, or brought or carried Coastwise, orh

or from. Port to Port within the said Kingdom, or made or manufactured therein, on or before the tenth Day *Yhc!ore°that of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven (although the Amount of the said Duties may have been Day, rmy be ar-comput^d, ascertained, and received, in the like Manner in which they have heretofore been usually Computed, plied as iheDu ascertained, and received), and also all the Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the ticJ 'rnPJ^ jwhich shall, nave been charged or become due- betipte the tenth Day-ofW^v lblJ *c* N n 2 one

270

Commissionert

or Sr«mpi.ftiay t provide one Sump to denote the Jewel Do-net chargeable

®V cllUflB, dec* j

ad may confo-lidatd the[fe*eral Dtries info one Sam, collect accordingly, and keep one Account of those Duties.

From May ro, »7&7, %ll Du»'es on llampei Vellum, &c. to be paid t the Receiver General of the e Du irs, who is to keep one Account thereof, and pay the Money into th- Exchequer weekly. Cctnrmflioncre and Officers for Seamus to oh-serve the Order* Of cheTreasury;

and to be subject lo Penalties for Breach of Trust aa beretofoic.

C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and which shall not be received till after that Day, shall and may, from and after the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be appropriated and applied in one Sum or total Amount, in like Manner as the Duties of Customs and Excise, by this Act imposed, are herein after directed to be appropriated and applied, instead of the several and respective Branches t o which such Monies were applicable before the tenth Dav of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty* seven; and that all Monies (respecting the Revenues of Customs or Excise) paid or to be allowed, either upon Bond or otherwise, either by way of Drawback, Bounty, Certificate, Premium, or Allowance, or by any other legal Document whatever, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven f although the Amount of the same shall have been computed and ascertained in the like Manner in which they have heretofore been usually computed and ascertained j, shall and may be paid or allowed, by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, inone Sum or total Amount, out of any Monies in their Hands arising from the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively.

XLI. And whereas the several Rates and Duties under the Management and Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon statnped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are also appropriated and applicable to various Purposes, according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament granting the same; and the said Commissioners and other Officers employed in the Collection and Management of the said Rates and Duties are required to keepfeparate and distinct Accounts of the Monies arising from the several Rates and Duties, as they respectively are paid into the Hands of the said Officers, and likewise to provide and use different and distinci Dies or Stamps to denote each Rate and Duty / be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon ffich Pieces of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Instruments, Matters, or Things, on which several Rates and Duties are by several A ds of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment^ and Paper, instead of the distinct Stamps, Dies, or Marks, directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Instrument, Matter, or Thing, charged therewith, to cause one new Stamp, Die, or Mark to be provided, to denote the said several Rates and Duties on every such Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Instrument, Matter, or Thing, charged with the said several Rates or Duties, from Time to Time, as shall be by them thought needful, and to repair, renew, or alter the same, as there shall be Occasion 5 any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And, in order that all the Monies which shall arise from the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Pa-

per, which are or shall be denoted by the same Die, Mark, or Stamp, may be brought into one Account be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That instead of the several Rates and Duties imposed by several Act of Parliament upon the same Piece-of Vellum, Parchment* or Paper, or other Matter or Thing charged with several Rates or Duties, being levied, collected, and received in several and distinct Sums, according to the several Proportions by which the same are imposed; it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and all and every the Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in the Management of the said Rates and Duties under the said Commissioners, to consolid&te the Monies arising or to arise from the said several Rates and Duties into one Sum, to the Amount of all the said several Rates and Duties, and to levy, collect, and receive the same accordingly; and to keep at the Head Office of Stamps one distinct Account of the Monies arising from the said consolidated Duties, and to bring into the same Account all Rates and Duties under the Management of them the said Commissioners, which are and shall be, in pursuance of this or any former Act, denoted by the same Die, Mark, or Stamp, without any Separation of the several Parts or Members thereof, or Diitindion taken or made as to the Uses or Purposes to which the same are, or are intended to be appropriated or applied, or the Act or Acts of Parliament granting, appropriating, or regulating the same -r any former Law or Usege to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, ail Monies arising from the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, (half be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Lime being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep one Account only of all the said Rates and Duties, and pay the same accordingly (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deduded) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, from Time to Time, weekly; (that is4 to say,) on Wednesday in every Week, if the same be not an Holiday, and if the same be an Holiday, then on the next Day which (bail* not be an Holiday, for the Purposes herein after declared and expressed; any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing, in any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and all other Officers who shall be employed or entrusted by or under them, shall from Time to Time, in and for the better Execution of their several Places and Trusts, observe and perform such Rules and Orders as they respectively shall, from Time to Time, receive from the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the Time being.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and their Officers, and all other the Officer and Officers concerned in the Management of any the said Rates and Duties, shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Breach of the Trust in them reposed, or for diverting or misapplying die Money received in pursuance of this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, as by

From May to,

1787, the Duties of Customt, Ertife, and Stamp*, and the fercral Duties on Hackney Coaches, &c. to be carried ro one Fund, to ber called The Con-IbJkiated Fund*

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 271

any former Law relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners are inflicted; and All Powers, &e* that all Powers, Provisoes, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, I orfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, of fortr Act, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, iclating tiTcon-

to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or other the Duties under the Management and tinuc in force* Care of the said Commissioners, and not hereby altered, shall be in force and effect, with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby consolidated, and shall be applied and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and fecunng the same, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark directed to be allowed or used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Purpose of denoting the said Duties, or any of them; or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or other Matter or Thing, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the several Duties of Customs, Excise, and Stamps, granted or consolidated by this Act, together with the Duty on Hackney Coaches and Chairs, granted by the Acts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and eleventh of King George the Third; and on Hackney Coaches, by the twenty-fourth of King George the Third; the Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, made perpetual by an Act of the first of King George the First; and the Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars, granted by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third; the Duty on Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by the sixth of King George the Third; on inhabited Houses, by the nineteenth of King George the Third; and on Houses, by the twenty-fourth of King George the Third; the Arrears of the Duties on Male Servants, granted by the seventeenth and twenty-first of King George the Third; and on Male and Female Servants, by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third; the Duties on Salt, by the twenty-sixth of King George the Second, and the twentieth and twenty-second of King George the Third; the Sum of twelve thousand Pounds per Annum, payable half-yearly by the Bank, pursuant to the twenty-third of King George the Third; the Duty of Sixpence in the Pound on Pensions granted by the twelfth of King George the First, and the Duty of one Shilling in the Pound on Salaries and Pensions granted by the thirty-first of King George the Second; the Duties on Shops, on Coaches, and other Carriages, and Waggons and Carts, by the twenty-sixth of King George the Third; and on Horses, by the twenty-fifth of King George the Third, shall be carried to, and constitute a Fund, to be called The Consolidated Fund; and the same shall be issued and applied to the Uses and Purposes herein after directed.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Life of his present Majesty, the following Branches of Revenue shall in like Manner be carried to, and made Part of the said Fund so by this Act created; (that is to say), the Revenue of the General Letter Office, or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General; the Monies arising by Fines for Writs of Covenant and Writs of Entry, payable in the Alienation Office, after Payment of two thousand Pounds per Annum, by termly Payments of five hundred Pounds each, by the Receiver thereof, for the Charge of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery; the Monies arising by Post Fines; the Monies arising by the new Duties on Licences to retail Wine; the Monies arising by Sheriffs Proffers and Compositions in the Exchequer, and Seizures of prohibited and uncustomed Goods; the Revenue arising to his Majesty by Rents of Lands, or for Fines of Leases of the same, or any of them: And that, from and after the Demise of his present Majesty(whom God long preserve), the Sum of seven thousand and two Pounds fourteen Shillings and three Pence, out of the Monies arising by the new Duties on Licences to retail Wine, reserved by an Act of the thirtieth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, together with the other before-mentioned Revenues, except as herein after excepted, shall be paid and accounted for to the Heirs and Successors of his Majesty, in like Manner as they were before the passing of an Act of the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Demise of his present Majesty (whom God long preserve), the Sum of two thousand Pounds per Annum shall continue to be reserved and set apart, by termly Payments of five hundred Pounds each, by the Receiver of the Monies arising by Writs of Covenant and Writs of Entry, payable in the Alienation Office, for the Charge of the Hanaper Office in the Court of Chancery; and that the Surplus of the Monies arising by the new Duties on Wine Licences, above the annual Sum of seven thousand and two Pounds fourteen Shillings and three Pence (directed to be paid and accounted for to the Heirs and Successors of his Majesty as aforesaid), shall be carried to, and made Part of the said Fund, to be called The Consolidated Fund.

J the Hanaper

Office* Surplus of New Dutiet on W»o* Licences »bov»7,coil. 14I1 3-d. per Aon* to fee carried to the Consolidated Fend*

L. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; it

Dorinfl the of his

tho Revenur of

the O hr.-, &ck lobe cart.cd to the said Fond;

which Revenue,

A’cs af er his Majesty's Demise, &c. is to be paid to hit

Socceffoii.

After his Majesty's D mise, 2,ocol. per Aa-rutn to be refer* ed out of Monies parable

Sn the Alienation Oftitc, icr' the Charge of

‘was'

*Oeo.3.e.37*

fccucd*

37? C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 17$7*

was enacted, That, from the first Day of June, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, one third Part of the Surplus of the yearly Produce arising by the said Letter or Post Office, or Duties upon Postage of Letters and Packets by the said Act granted, over and above the Sum of one hundred and eleven thousand four hundred and sixty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence, which was the Amount of the gross Receipt of the Duties arising by virtue of former Acts of Parliament, then repealed, for one Year ending the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, and over and above the Sum of seven hundred Pounds a Week, should be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage for Conveyance of Letters and Packets, by the Post, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the Revenue, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets; and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letter and Packets free from Postage; additional Rates of Postage were granted to his Majesty, and Regulations were provided for the further Augmentation of the Revenue of the General Letter Office, or Post Office; and by the said last-recited Act it was enacted, That the several Rates and Duties by the said Act granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Post Office, who shall pay, out of such Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of collecting, paying, and accounting for the same, being first deducted), the full, clear, and entire weekly Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, upon Tuesday in every Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then upon the next Day that is not an Holiday, as one Week shall successively and immediately follow and succeed another, the first of the said weekly Payments to begin and be made on Tuesday the thirtieth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four; and in case the Rates and Duties thereby granted shall not be sufficient to answer the said weekly Payments thereby directed to be made, that then, and so often, the Deficiency and Deficiencies thereof shall be supplied and made good out of the whole Receipt of the Rates and Duties of Postage; and in case the Rates and Duties thereby granted shall be more than sufficient to answer the said weekly Payments, that then, and so often as it shall so happen, the Revenues shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses as the present Rates and Duties of Postage are respectively now by Law made applicable: And whereas it appears that the Medium Produce of the Revenues of the said General Letter Office or Post Office, for two Years, ending on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, amounted to the Sum of two hundred and seventy-eight thousand four hundred and eighty-two Pounds seventeen Shillings and four Pence Halfpenny; and the Medium Produce for two Years, ending on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to the Sum of one hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and thirty-one Pounds fourteen Shillings, which Increase was not sufficient to satisfy the Sum of two thousand three hundred Pounds a Week, so directed to be paid into the Exchequer, by the recited Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Demise of his present Majesty, there shall be paid into the Exchequer, out of the Revenues of the said General Letter Office or Post Officer, at the End of each Quarter, ending on the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in each Year, the Sum of thirty-eight thousand six hundred and twenty-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, being the quarterly Amount of the several Sums of seven hundred Pounds a Week, as directed by the said recited Act of the ninth Year of Queen Anne, of one hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred and fifty-one Pounds three Shillings and four Pence Halfpenny, the annual Increase of the Post Office Revenue in consequence of the Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, and of the third Part of the Sum of eighteen thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine Pounds sixteen Shillings and two Pence, being the Excess of the Medium Produce of the said Revenue for two Years, ending the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, after deducting the before-mentioned Sums of seven hundred Pounds a Week, and one hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred fifty-one Pounds three Shillings and four Pence Halfpenny a Year; which quarterly Sums of thirty-eight thousand six hundred twenty-six Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, shall, after the Demise of his present Majesty, be carried to and made Part of the Fund to be called The Consolidated Fund.

LI. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of IPards and Liveries, and Tcnurts in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, certain Duties of Excise; (that is to say,) one Shilling and three Pence per Barrel for Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel (not being Beer or Ale commonly called Fable Beer), brewed in that Part of Great Britain called England; by the Common Brewer* or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or pri- vately, and so proportionably for a greater or teller Quantity; three Pence per Barrel for six Shillings Beer or Ale, or under, brewed in that Part of Great Britain called England, by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out such Beer or Ale publickly or privately, and (o 4 proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity; three Pence three Farthings and five twentieth rarts of a 4 Farthing per Barrel for such Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty of Exdfc), and not exceeding eleven Shillings (exclusive of such Duty), commonly called Table Beer, brewed as aforesaid, and loin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; three Shillings per Barrel for Beer or Ale im« 4 ported into that Part of Great Britain called England irom beyond the Ocas; one Shilling and three Pence per Hogshead for Cyder.or Perry made and sold by Retail in that Part of Great Britain called England, and io proportionably for a greater or Idler Measure; five Shillings per Ton for Cyder or Perry imported into 1 ‘that

From bt« Majesty's Demiff, 3^,626 1. 18 s. lo d. 1 q. is to be paid quarterly ioto the Exchequer out of the Voft Office Revenue, to be carrird to the Conf duiated -i'uud.

Recital of l% (Cat. 24. c. 24.

and sundry Asti reiativr to ihe he r« 1 ry Duties ui Excise*

ic

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 27J

*h$t Part of Great Britain called England from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a greater or

fcrfler Quantity; one Halfpenny per Gallon for Methlegin or Mead fold in that Part of Great Britain called England} one Shilling and three Pence 1)er Hogshead for Verjuice made for Sale within that Part of Great Britain called England-, Sixpence per Barrel Tor Vinegar, Vinegar-beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, brewed or made within that*Part of Great Britain called England, for Sale, have been granted to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever: And whereas the said hereditary Duties of Excise were,

by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, carried to, and made Part ofr the r Geo. 3.*. t«

1 aggregate Fund, for and during the Term of the natural Life of his laid present Majesty; which Duties

are hereby repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof: And whereas certain other hereditary Duties of Excise were also in like Manner granted to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever, by the said Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; (that

to say,) one Penny per Gallon for strong Water, or Aqua Vita, made and sold in that Part of Great Britain called England} two Pence per Gallon for Spirits made in that Part of Great Britain called England, of any Kind of Wine or Cyder imported into that Part of Great Britain called England;

and four Pence per Gallon for strong Waters, perfectly made, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England from beyond the Seas; and were afterwards, by another Act of Parliament, made in the ninth Year of his late Majesty, carried to, and made Part of, the aggregate Fund, and a certain Sum there~> Act 9 Geo. a*

in mentioned was by that Act directed to be paid to his said late Majesty, out of the aggregate Fund, in lieu 4- thereof, towards the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his Expences and Occasions:

And whereas it is expedient to provide, that on the Demise of his present Majesty (whom God long pre- serve), a Sum of Money should, at the End of every Quarter, be let apart in the Exchequer, equal to the Sum which the Whole of the said hereditary Duties of Excise would amount to, to be applied to the like Purposes to which the same would have been applicable if neither of the said Acts made in the ninth Year of his Commissionert said late Majesty, and in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, nor this Act, had been made of 10 Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise in England (half com- J^T^aVco*iTnt pute the exact Sums to which the Whole of the said hereditary Duties of Excise would amount, if the same had 0V Amount not been repealed or altered by the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, or of the he-edittry by this Act, and shall transmit an Account thereof, quarterly, into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and the Duties of Excise proper Officers of the said Receipt of Exchequer are hereby directed to set apart, out of the Duties of Excise by to, he E*ch«-this Act imposed, at the End of every Quarter, from and immediately after the Demise of his present Majesty, MonVy^sVo be such a Sum of Money as it shall appear, by the said Account so transmitted, the Whole of the said hereditary set ap^rtVoer Duties of Excise would have amounted to, within such Quarter respectively, and the same shall be paid to the his Majesty's Street (Tors of "the King's Majesty for ever hereafter, in lieu of the several Rates, Impositions, Duties, and Demise, and Chargefc, which were directed to be paid to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the bffore-re- 10 bl* Suc" cited Act of the twelfth Year of his late Majesty King Charles the Second. ce jn*

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all other Publick Monies, and all Arrears of any the Duties or Revenues repealed by this Act, and also all casual Revenues (except such Monies as shall be repaid by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Civil Government, as the Balance of such Officer's Account, or otherwise) which, after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall arise and be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, not being particularly appropriated or appointed to any Use or Uses, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made or to be made, shall be carried to, and made Part of the said Fund to be called The Consolidated Fund.

LIII. And whereas sundry Annuities were established and made payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for Lives and Terms of Years, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, made and parted in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and of the second, third, fourth, firth, and sixth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and several subsequent and other Acts of Parliament, certain Parts whereof were, in purfu- ance of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, subscribed into the Capital or Joint Stock of the South Sea Company, and of which said Annuities for Lives and long Terms there remained unredeemed, and payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, sundry Annuities, amounting together to the annual Sum of one hundred and forty-four thousand six hundred and forty-nine Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, including the Charges for the Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of the said Exchequer, for executing the Bufinefc of the said Annuities, besides which Annuities there has been granted and made payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, by an Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the annual Sum of five hundred and forty Pounds for Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship: And whereas, by the Acts of the eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the eighteenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, sundry Annuities were granted and made payable at the said Receipt of the Exchequer for single Lives, of which there were (landing out on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty- seven, the Sum of sixty-seven thousand two hundred and ninety-six Pounds eleven Shillings and seven Pence per Annum: And whereas there remains due and owing to the Governor and Company of Mer- chants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, commonly called The South Sea Company, the principal Sum of twenty-four millions and sixty-five thousand and eightjr-four Pounds thirteen Shillings ^nd eleven Pence Halfpenny, remaining unredeemed of their original Capital, and of the Subscriptions taken into their Capital, pursuant to certain Acts of Parliament of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the annual Sums payable to the said Company, in respect

R ecital of un« dry A£h rfta. blishing Annui-tie§ rn Lives or Terms of Ycaife

Debt to the South See Com*

I

*7+

South Set An* tunuei pur* ch*fe4 by the Sink*

ptbt to the Beak of Ei^« ii«4*

DeKtto the

ladUCom-

Three per Cent. Antouities grant* e4 by an A£of <ti Geo. Ji

Three per Cent. Annuities grantee by 24 Geo. e.

rC. ft.

Three per Cent. Annuities con* 4 <1 ‘dated by two Act, and 36 Geo. a. and the Increase of that Stock by Sundry subsequent Act.

Reduced An-

Auities. '

&. 13.^" ‘"Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 178 7 ,1

of the same, being the Sum of seven hundred and twenty-one thousand nine hundred and fifty-t wo 1

Pounds ten Shillings and nine Pence, for Annuity, and the Sum of fourteen thousand and twenty-two. s 4 Pounds three Shillings and two Pence, for Charges of Management, amounting together to the Sum H

of seven hundred and thirty-five thousand nine hundred and seventy-four Pounds thirteen-Shillings and ,3

eleven Pence per Annum \ and there is also due and owing to the Governor and Company of the Rank of k 4 England the bum of four millions, purchased by them of the Governor and Company of Merchants of h

Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, for which they are entitled to the annual Sum of one hundred and twenty-one thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight Pounds three Shil- s:

lings and five Pence: And whereas, in pursuance of sundry Acts of Parliament, there also remains due »n

and owing to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, the Principal Sum of seven mil- '?

lions six hundred and eighty-six thousand eight hundred Pounds, for and on Account of Monies advanced -3

at (evei al Times, in pursuance of sundry Acts of Parliament, for the Benefit and Life of the Publick, for:

which there is payable to them, in respect of the same, the annual Sum of two hundred and thirty-four thousand six hundred and four Pounds: And whereas there likewise remains due and owing from the j

Publick to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Principal Sum tz

of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, being the Amount of their Capital Stock, and the further Sum of one million, advanced by the said Company, pursuant to an Act of Parliament of the seventeenth x

Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven:

hundred and forty-four* making together the Principal Sum of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds, 1

for which the said Company are entitled to the Annuity of one hundred and twenty-six thousand Pounds, t

and to the Sum of one thousand six hundred and eighty-seven Pounds ten Shillings, for Charges of Ma- 2

nagement, making together the Surn of one hundred and twenty-seven thousand six hundred and eighty-

seven Pounds ten Shillings per Annum: And whereas, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the

twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, one million in Annuities, after the Rate of three j 4 Pounds per Centum, were granted, and made payable and transferable at the Bank of England, and charged upon a Deduction, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound, out of all Payments from the Crown,

the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, serving in the Army and Navy, excepted, the Annuity upon which fuid one million amounts to thirty thousand Pounds, and the Charges of Management, on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven,

amounted to the Sum of four hundred and fifty Pounds, making in the Whole the Sum of thirty thousand four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum: And whereas, in pursuance of an Act of the twenty-fourth r 4 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Sum of two millions one hundred thousand Pounds was borrowed for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-ooe;

videlicet, one million four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities at three Pounds per Centum per and seven hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery, attended with the like three Pounds per Centum Annui- ties, which were made payable and transferable at the South Sea House; which Sum, by the Redemption of one hundred and eighty thousand four hundred Pounds, subscribed in pursuance of certain Acts of Parliament of the twelfth, fourteenth, and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, is reduced to the Principal Sum of one million nine hundred and nineteen thousand six hundred Pounds, and the Annuity payable for the same to fifty-seven thousand five hundred and eighty-eight Pounds per Annum, and the Charges of Management payable to the South Sea Company, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to one thousand and sixty Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence,

making in the Whole the Sum of fifty-eight thousand six hundred and forty-eight Pounds one Shilling and nine Pence per Andum: And whereas, by and in pursuance of two Acts of Parliament, made ana

passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

{undry Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, amounting to the Principal Sum of nine millions one hundred thirty*seven thousand eight hundred and twenty-t>ne Pounds five Shillings and one Penny Farthing, were consolidated and made one Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, payable and transferable at the Bank of England, in the Manner in the said Acts particularly mentioned and directed;

which said Capital or Joint Stock, in pursuance of federal subsequent* Acts of Parliament, hath been increased to the Amount of one hundred and seven millions three hundred and ninety-nine thousand six hundred and ninety-six Pounds five Shillings and one Penny Farthing (exclusive of the Sum of one million five hundred and twenty-nine thousand eight hundred and twenty-five Pounds, redeemed in pursuance of certain Acts of Parliament of the twelfth, fourteenth, and fifteenth Yeats of the Reign of his present Majesty), the Annuity whereupon amounts to the Sum of three millions two hundred and twenty- one thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence, and the Charges of Management, on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, amounted to the Sum of forty-eight thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds tw6 Shillings and three Pence, making in the Whole the Sum of three millions two hundred and seventy thousand two hundred and fifty-one Pounds per Annum: And whereas, by the said Acts of the twenty fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the

Reignot his said fete Majesty King George the Second, certain Annuities, whifch with the Consent of the Proprietors of the same, were reduced from four Pounds )>tr Centum, to three Pounds ten Shillings per Centum, and to three Pounds per Centum, in pursuance of two Acte of Parliament of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, from the respective Times in the said Acts particularly mentioned, were also directed to be consolidated into one Capital or Joint Stock of Annuities, payable and transferable at the said Bank of England, videlicet, the Sum of fourteen millions nine hundred and eighty- four thousand four hundred and fifty-five Pounds eighteen Shillings and four Pence, the Amount of the first Subscription in pursuance of the nrfl of the said Acts of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his fc&

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 275

late Majesty, and the Sum of two millions seven hundred and sixteen thousand eight hundred and sixty- seven Pounds eighteen Shillings, the Amount of the Subscription in pursuance of the second of the said A (Sts, making together the Principal Sum of seventeen millions seven hundred and one thousand three hundred and twenty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings and four Pence; which Principal or Capital Stock of Annuities is distinguished by the Appellation of Reduced Annuities, and has, by the Acts of the fifth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, been increased to the Sum of thirty-seven millions three hundred and forty thousand and fevertty-three Pounds sixteen Shillings and four Pence (exclusive '4 of the Sum of eight hundred and twenty-nine thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds, redeemed by virtue of the before-mentioned Acts of the twelfth, fourteenth, and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign), the Annuity whereupon amounts to the Sum of one million one hundred and twenty thousand two hundred and two Pounds four Shillings and three Pence, and the Charges of Management amounted, on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to sixteen thousand seven hundred and thirty-seven Pounds and ten Pence, making in the Whole the Sum of one million one hundred and thirty-six thousand nine hundred and thirty-nine Pounds five Shillings and one Penny per Annum: And Four per Cent. 4 whereas, by several Acts of Parliament of the seventeenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty.second, Consolidated twenty-third, and twenty-fourth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, certain Annuities, after the Rate of Annuilici*

four Pounds per Centum, have been granted, and consolidated into one Capita! or Joint Stock of four Pounds per Centum Annuities, payable and transferable at the said Bank of England, amounting in the Whole to the Principal Sum of thirty-two millions seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, the Annuity whereupon amounts to the Sum of one million three hundred and ten thousand Pounds, and the Charges of Management amounted, on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to fourteen thousand seven hundred and thirty-seven Pounds ten Shillings, making in the Whole the Sum of one million three hundred and twenty-four thousand seven hundred and thirty-seven Pounds ten Shillings

ferrable at the Bank of England* amounting in the Whole to the Sum of seventeen millions eight hundred and sixty-nine thousand mne hundred and ninety-three Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence; which said Annuities were granted to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance De- bentures the Annuity whereupon amounts to eight hundred and ninety-three thousand four hundred and ninety-nine Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, and the Charges of Management amounted, on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to eight thousand apd forty-one Pounds nine Shillings and eleven Pence, making in the Whole the Sum of nine hundred and one thousand five hundred and forty-one Pounds three Shillings and four Pence Halfpenny per Annum: And whereas, by several Acts of Parliament, of the first, second, twentieth, twenty-second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, sundry Annuities were granted, for die Terms of ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty, seventy-eight, and seventy-seven Years, and of seventy-five Years and six Months, which several Annuities have, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament of the fourth, twentieth, twenty-second, twenty-third, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty^ been consolidated and made one Joint Stock of Annuities, payable and transferrable at the said Bank of England\ under the Denomination of Lang Annuities, and amount together to the annual Sum of six hundred and eighty thousand three hundred and seventy-five Pounds, exclusive of the Sum of seven thousand six hundred and fifty-four Pounds four Shillings and four Pence Halfpenny per Annum, payable to the Bank of England for Management of the same: And whereas, by an Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, an Annuity, after the Race of ten Shillings per Centum, was granted to the Subscribers of five millions borrowed for die Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventyrseven, to have Continuance for ten Years, from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and then to cease, which Annuities were made payable and transferrable at the Bank of England^ and amount to twenty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, exclusive of the annua) Sum of two hundred and eighty-one Pounds five Shillings, payable to the said Bank of England for the Charges of Management of the same: And whereas, by certain Acts of the eighteenth and nineteenth Years of the

Long Aaimtuca*

Annuities granted by

17 Oen«3« e, 46*

England, and amounting together to the Sum of four hundred and four thousand three hundred and thirty- one Pounds eight Shillings and five Pence per Annum, exclusive of the annual Sum of four thousand five hundred and forty-eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and six Pence Halfpenny, payable to the Bank of England for Management of the same: In order therefore to secure the regular, certain, and punftua!

Payment of the before-mentioned several Annuities, and the Expences attending the same,’ be it enacted From July 5, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day oijuly one thousand seven hundred and >7??* eighty-seven, all the several and respective Annuities herein-before particularly mentioned and described, and J^Vh/^b!8* all the Charges and Expences attending the same, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and be paid and jjck, tobt pay. payable out of, all or any of the Taxes, Duties, and Revenues, compofine the Fund created by this Act, to able out of the be called The Consolidated Fund; and that the said Consolidated F und shall from thenceforth be charged and Ceafoiidated chargeable with, and subject and liable to, the Payment of the same, in such Order and Manner as is herein after particularly directed; (that is to say). That all the several and respective Annuities for Lives or long An Huitfe* fer Terms, payable at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, granted and established by virtue of all or any or tag Act or Acts of Parliament herein-before recited, or by virtue of any Act or Acts granting such Annuities ayGxo* III. Oo opt

276 C. ij. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

quer, to bepnd

out of the said Fund, At the-frmeTianetj aid in tholike Manner, M heretofore*

Out of the said Fund i» next to be ifitied, quarterly, the Annuities due to the South Sea

East India Company

out of any Public Funds, Tax, Duty, dxRevenue, and made payable there, in respect of act, Sum or Sums of Money advanced and paid by any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Use and Service of the Public, shall, from thenceforth, be paid and satisfied by and out of all or any the Taxes, Duties, and Revenues, composing the laiJ Consolidated Fund (except as herein after excepted), at the same Time and Times, and in the same and like Manner, *as the same Annuities have been usually paid and payable.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Taxes, Duties, and Revenues, composing the said Fund, except as herein after excepted, there shall next be issued, paid; or let apart, in equal Sums each Quarter, the several Sums due in respect of the Annuities and Charges following; (that is to say,) First, the whole of the Sums due for the Annuity, Charges, and Allowances, payable to the South Sea Company, as well in respect of their Capital Stock, as of Subscriptions into their Capital, pur-BiXTnd to the suant to Acts of the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the First, remaining unredeemed, amounting in the Whole to the Principal Sum of twenty-four millions sixty-five thousand and eighty-four Pounds eighteen Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny; next, the Whole of the Sum due for the Annuity, Charges, and Allowances, payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in respect of the Sum of four millions, purchased by them of the South Sea Company as aforesaid, as well 2s in respect of the aforementioned Sum of seven millions six hundred eighty-six thousand eight hundred Pounds, advanced by them, in pursuance of several Acts of Parliament, for the Use of the Publick; and next, the whole of the Sum due for the Annuity, Charges, and Allowances, payable to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, in respect of the Capital or Joint Stock of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, as well as of the Principal Sum of one million, advanced by the said Company in pursuance of an Act of the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second.

LV. And whereas it appears, that the Payment of the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, 1 fcof the four Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, of the Annuities granted for Terms of Years, which will expire in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty; the Annuities for Lives, which were granted purfuaiK to Acts of the eighteenth and nineteenth Years of his present Majesty; and the five Pounds per Centum Annuities, subscribed for the Navy and Ordnance Debt, are secured partly on the Sinking Fund, and partly on certain Duties appropriated to satisfy and pay the same; the Amoun? of which appropriated Duties appears to have been, on an. Average*. 4 as- follows; videlicet* on the fifth Day of January y four hundred and ninety-nine thousand six hundred and seventy-one Pounds five Shillings {even Pence three Farthings, applicable to the Payment of the three rounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities; three thousand two hundred and eighty-seven Pounds* nine Shillings and three Pence Halfpenny, to the abovementioned Annuities for Lives, and two hundred and twenty-one thousand two hundred and four Pounds thirteen Shillings and nine Pence, to the above- mentioned five Pounds per Centum Annuities; on the fifth Day of Aprils three hundred and sixty thousand four hundred and seventy-one Pounds eighteen Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, applicable to the Payment of the four Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities -? one hundred and fourteen thousand nine hundred and forty Pounds two Shillings and six Pence Farthing, and one hundred and forcy-fcuea thousand three hundred and forty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings ^nd three Pence, to the Payment rcfoec- tively of the Annuities for Terms of Years, which will expire ip> the Years of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty; on the fifth Day of July* four hundred and sixty-eight thousand five hundred and seventy-pine Pounds one Shilling and one Penny, applicable to the Payment of the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, two thousand eight hundred Pounds to the above-mentioned Annuities for Lives, and two hundred apd sixteen thousand five hundred and forty-six ^Pounds and two Pence Farthing, to the above-mentioned five Pounds per Centum Annuities; on the tenth Day of October, four hundred and softy-seven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two Pounds three Shillings and five Pence, applicable to the Payment of the four Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annui- ties, and one hundred and sixty-eight thouiaiKl seven hundred and eighty-four Pounds ten Shillings and one Penny Farthing, and one hundred and ninety thousand and sixty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and three Pence three Farthings, applicable to the Payment respectively of the Annuities for Terms of rears.

any Money ©ot of the Consolidated Fund, at ike End of each Quarter <hve

BaMsatfeeof

the Avtri|e quarterly Produce of the Outlet appropriated towards Payment of the three<prr Cent* Consolidated deauiun, fcc.

before mentioned,9 be it enacted, That before any Sun! or Sums are iifiied, at the End of each Quarter, out of any of the Taxes, Duties, or Revenues, composing the said FuncL to be called The Consolidated Fund* there shall be set apart, by the proper Officer of the Exchequer, at the Expiratipp of the Quarter ending the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-leven, and in every subsequent Year (except as

herein after is provided), the Sum of six hundred w?d eighty-seven thousand nine hundred and twenty-five;

it to bn set >pvt Pounds one Shilling and three Pence Farthing, which shall be issued to the Governor and Coiftpany of the tKt Sum* heroin Bank of England, to be paid and distributed by then> as follows; videlicet, the Sum of fouc hundred and fixiy-eigjit thousand five hundred and seventy-nine Pounds one Shilling and one Penuv, towards the Payment of three Pounds ter Centum Consolidated Annuities; and two thousand eight hundred Pounds, towards the Payment of the Defore-mentfoued Annuities on Lives; and two hundred and sixteen thousand five hundred and forty-six Pounds and two Pence Farthing, towards the Payment of the before-mentioned £v+, Poundster Centum Annuities: And that there shall be fct apart and issued in like Manner at the Expirafioft of the Quarter ending the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and in eycry subsequent Year, except asfiereift-ifter is provided* the Sum of eight hundred and 6*thpufoud4x hundred.

, speeihet toward* Payment of th* % per Cent* Consolidated A*Bomc«, 4*C» which it to be Bate to the Bank, to be distributed aa herein, specifiedj.

ond iHvfter

Sum* dne quarterly for Annul* tie*, dec. to be paid oat of the

Cortfolifetctf

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13, 577

and seventy-six Pounds eight Shillings and ten Pence, to be paid and distributed as fc?b~ viJi'Itet, the Sum of four hundred and forty.seven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two Pounds three Shillings and fire Pence, towards the Payment of four Pounds for Centum Consolidated Annuities; one hundred and sixty-eight thousand seven hundred and eighty-four rounds ten Shillings and one Penny Farthing, towards the Payment of Annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and eight; and one hundred and ninety thousand and sixty-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and tlftee Pence three Farthings, towards the Payment of Annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and sixty: And that there shall be let apart and issued in like Maimer, at the Expiration of the Quarter ending the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and in every subsequent Year, except as herein after provided, the Sum of seven hundred and twenty-four thousand one hundred and sixty-three Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, to be distributed as follows; videlicet, four hundred and ninety-nine thousand Inc hundred and seventy-one Pounds five Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, towards the Payment of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities 5 three thousand two hundred and eighty-seven Pounds nine Shillings and three Pence Halfpenny, towards the Payment of the before-mentioned Annuities for Lives.^ and two hundred and twenty-one thousand two hundred and four Pounds thirteen Shillings and nine Pences, towards the Payment of the before-mentioned five Pounds per Centum Annuities: And at the Expiration of the Quarter ending the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and in every subsequent Year (except as herein after provided), the Sum of six hundred and twenty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty-four Pounds seventeen Shillings and four Pence three Farthings, to be paid and distributed as follows; videlicet, the Sum of three hundred and sixty thousand four hundred and seventy-onp Pounds eighteen Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, towards* the Payment of four Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities; one hundred and fourteen thousand nine hundred and forty Pounds two Shillings and six Pence Farthing, towards the Payment of Annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and eight; and one hundred and forty-leven thousand three hundred and forty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and three Pence* towards the Payment of Annuities which will expire in one thousand eight hundred and sixty:

And that all other Sums which shall be due and payable at the End of each Quarter, in respect of any of the said Annuities, or the Charges thereof, over and above the Sums directed to be particularly let apart and appropriated according to the Averages of Duties heretofore specifically appropriated as aforesaid, and also aft Sums which shall be due and payable at the End of each Quarter in respect of any of the Annuities or Charges thereof, the Payment of which is nowfecured on the bund commonly called The Sinking Fund, shall be respectively issued, paid, and set apart, out of all or any the Taxes, Revenues, and Duties composing the ^4,'

said Fund to be called The Consolidated Fund, at the Times when the said Sums shall reflectively become due, without any Preference or Priority, next after the Sums herein-before directed to be issued, paid, and set apart for fetisfying the Sums severally due quarterly to the Proprietors of Annuities for Lives or long Terms* payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the South Sea Company, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ and to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East ActdteSm

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That* from and after the fifth Day of July one thou*

(and seven hundred and eighty-seven, instead of setting apart and appropriating such Sums at the End of each Quarter, to be separately and respectively applied as herein-before directed, according to the Averages of the ]Dudes heretofore specifically appropriated as aforesaid, the Whole of the Monies which shall become du? and payable for foe before-mentioned three Pounds for Centum Consolidated Annuities, the four Pound? per Cenhm Consolidated Annuities, the Annuities for Terms of Years which will expire in the Years of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eight, and one thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Annuities for Lives which were granted pursuant to the Acts of the eighteenth and nineteenth Years of his present Majesty, ^nioUdiied and the before-mentioned five Pounds per Centum Annuities, shall, at the End of each Quarter, with thp fund* Content of the Proprietors of the said Funds* be issued, paid, or set apart, out of all or any of the Taxes*

Duties, or Revenues composing foe feid Fund, in the said Manner as is herein iaft before directed witp respect to such Sums as may he due and payable at the End of each Quarter, in respect of any of the said Annuities, or the Charges thereof, over and above the Sums which may be particularly set apart and appropriated as aforesaid, (b long as the same shall continue to be so set apart and appropriated by virtue of Ibis Act.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That unless any one or more of the Proprietors of any of and tmlef* Pro. the said recited Annuities shall have, previously to the first Day of one thousand seven hundred and p>ictorfl>aii <ighty-seven* signified his Difient* to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ in Writing, in a Book to be lwpt for that Purpose, he or they shall be deemed to have conferred* and all the said Monies shall J»?

be issued* paid* and set apart, as herein last before directed. oJu be deemed

to hive {oftlenieit

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any future Day or Time, at which any Annuity or Annuities shall become due and payable, the Produce of the several Duties composing the said Fund, called The Confilidatea Fundy established by this Act, shall not be sufficient to answer and hay all the Annuities and other Charges that shall become due and payable on any quarterly or other Day of Payment, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being* shall, and In every such Case hre hereby authorised, empowered, and acquired, out of any Money which shall then be temaimng in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of Aids or Supplies that shall have been granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year in which such Deficiency shall happen* to apply such Sum and Sums of Money as

From July f, *787, the wbdlt Sums due for the 3 per Cent* Annuities, See* mty, with the Content of tb%

Whenever the Consolidated Fund shall be -infuffidtnc to pay the AnnT* tie*, dec. the Treasury may make goed the Deficiency oot of the Sopplifef for that Yem£ wfcicbAaQb#

1

278

*placed 0«t aaf nj future Surplus of the said Fund*

*6 Geo. 3. c. 31. recited

and from July 5# >7t7, the Sum of *£0,0001* thereby dueled Co be set apart at the Exchequer quarterly, to be set apart rot of the Consolidated Fund, and the Pratifiont of that AEk to con* tiauc in force.

Recital of Act under which Money hat been set apart for Payment of 1/tfe Armoitie* which have not been claimed.

From May vo» 17(7, all Monies referred for Payment of Annua* fict on U«et which full not have been claimed for three Ycara prior to J»n. j, 1787, w which Bull thereafter not -he claimed for three Yeart, to be placed to the Account of the Commissionera for reducing (he National Del t* The Exchequer IOtranfrr.it, by April 5, an cteellfiaa Ac*

C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

shall be sufficient fully and completely to answer and make good such Deficiency, so that the Public Creditor may by no Means whatsoever be difapi>ointed of receiving his whole Annuity or Demand on tfw Publick; and all such Sum and Sums of Money, so issued out of any of the said Aids or Supplies, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be replaced to the Service or Services to which the same may have been appropriated, by Parliament, out of the next or any future Quarter's Surplus of the Income of the Duties and Revenues composing the said Consolidated Fund; any Act or Acts of Parliament* or any Clause or Clauses contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, for the Application of the Surplus of the said Fund, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury. for the Time being, are hereby directed, authorised, and required, to cause the same to be issued and applied accordingly } and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now being, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, shall and may, from Time to Time, cause to be issued at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the several and respective Annuities, and other Sums, payable out of the Taxes, Duties, and Revenues composing the said Fund, or out of Monies applicable to the Supplies of the Year, in the Manner and at the Times by this Act directed.

LIX. And whereas, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every garter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reaudiion of the National Debt, it was provided that the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall, at the End of each Quarter, ending the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, respectively, in every Year, be issued or set apart, at his Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purpose and in the Manner by the said Act directed; and further Provisions were made in the said Act for the Application, as well of the said Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, as of other Sums directed to be placed from Time to Time to the Account of the said Commissionersbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the Sum of two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall be set apart, out of the Taxes, Duties, and Revenues composing the Consolidated Fund created by this Act, at the same Times, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Regulations and Provisions as the same was directed by the said Act to be issued or set apart out of the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, composing the oinking Fund; and that all the Sums due in respect of such Principal or Capital Stock of Publick Annuities as shall be redeemed by virtue of the said Act, and which are thereby directed to be transferred to the Account of the said Commissioners, and also in respect of any Annuities, the Terms of which shall have expired, and the Monies now payable thereupon, which are likewise by the said Act directed to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be issued or set apart out of the Taxes, Duties, or Revenues, composing the said Fund created by this Act, in the same Manner as if such Principal or Capital Stock of Public Annuities had not been redeemed, or as if the Terms of such Annuities respectively had not expired 5 and that all other Regulations and Provisions contained in the said Act shall remain and be in full Force, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Adh

LX. And whereas, in pursuance of sundry Acts of Parliament of the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and of the eighteenth, nineteenth, and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George ‘the Second, and several other and subsequent Acts of Parliament, certain Sums of Money are reservea and set apart, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives payable there: And whereas it appears that the Sum of thirty-four thousand eight hundred and ninety-two Pounds and seven Pence, was remaining on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, in the said Receipt of Exchequer, undemanded and unclaimed, but no Certificates of the Deaths of the respective Persons for whom the same had been reserved, have been returned into the Exchequer, notifying the Deaths of the Nominees, according to the Directions contained in the several Acts of Parliament for granting such Annuities on Lives: And whereas, from the Length of Time the said Annuities have remained unclaimed, there is great Reason to conclude that the Nominees for whole Lives the same were granted, or the greater Part ol them, are dead Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may remain in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, on the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, which hath or have been jeferved for the Payment of any Annuity or Annuities for Life or Lives, granted as aforesaid, which hath or have not been claimed for the Space of three Years antecedent to the said fifth Day of January, shall, on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed, pursuant to the above-mentioned Act or the last Session of Parliament, for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and that, from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, any and every Annuity* payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer for Terms of Lives, which Annuity shall not have been claimed or demanded for the Space of three Years, shall be deemed and taken to have expired, and the Money due or to* become due in respect of the same shall be paid over to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be applied for the Purposes directed by the afore-mentioned Act, towards the Reduction of the National Debt; and the Officers of the Exchequer are hereby directed and required, on or before the fifth Day of Afril, in every Year, to make up and transmit to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, an Account qr Certificate of the Sums fallen in by Deaths, including such unclaimed Sums as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, now being, or *he Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13; 279

thorised, empowered, and required, as often as such Life Annuities shall fell in, or any Annuities for Terms count of Annoi-of Years, payable at the said Receipt of Exchequer or the Hank of England, granted by any Act or Acts of ties Mien in by Parliament whatsoever, Tor Payment of Annuities for Lives or Terms of Years, shall determine, pursuant to D«.a,k* °J un-the Directions contained therein, to cause such Annuity or Annuities to be paid to the Governor and Coin- ym ^to the* pany of the Bank of England, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this present Act, and of the afore- iwiry0, who mentioned Act of the last Session of Parliament, for veiling certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of arttocrease the every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt* same to be placed

to the Account of the said* Commissioncmr

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any future Time appear, and demand any Annuity so paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as aforesaid, to which such Person or Persons is or are, or would have been, entitled, if this Act had not been passed, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to be due and owing to him, her, or them, shall be immediately paid, out of any Money remaining in the Receipt of Exchequer, that may be applied for the Payment of any Annuities on Lives, or for any other Annuities payable there.

If any Claimintr of Annuities fe> appropriated flLuld thereafter appear, they are to be paid out of any Money applicable for the Payment of Annuities

AHClaofet and Provisoea con* tamed in any Ada relating to the Publick Debt, except hereby alteredf. to continue force.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses and Provisoes contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, whether those relating to the several and respective Annuities, and other Charges afore-mentioned, which were made payable and transferable at the Bank of England, or to such Annuities and other Sums as are payable to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England in their own Right, in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money advanced by them for the Use of the PuMick, or otherwise, or to the Annuities payable to the said Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, or to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, or to the several and respective Annuities for Lives or Terms of Years, payable at the Exchequer, and the Charges and Expences attending the same, shall be and remain in full Force and Effibd, as well with respect to the Notices and Priorities of Redemption of the said several Annuities, as to the Expences and Charges of Management attending the same, in all Matters and Things whatsoever, where the same shall not have been altered by this Act, or other Provision made in lieu thereof, as fully as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

LXIII. And whereas, by the Directions contained in this Act, the several Taxes, Subsidies, Revenues, and Incomes, composing the Aggregate Fund, will in future become a Part or Parts of the Fund created by this Act, to be called The Consolidated Fund; and it is therefore necessary to make Provision, in the first place, for the regular and pundual Payment of the several Annuities and Charges made upon, and payable out of, the said Aggregate Fund, by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; and by one other Act of the seventeenth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Annuities or Annual Rents or Charges of eight hundred thousand Pounds, and one hundred thousand Pounds* made payable out of the said Aggregate Fund, pursuant to the said Acts, shall, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be charged and chargeable upon, and shall be paid and payable out of, all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes compohng the said Consolidated Fund, in the same Manner as the same were directed to be and have been paid before the passing of this Act; and that all the Rules, Authorities, Directions, Powers, Provisions, Reservations, Matters, and Things, contained

shall continue and; of Money,

\ of the Payments

to be made in or for any one Quarter do not exceed the fourth Part of the Amount of the annual Sums granted by the said Acts of the nrft and seventeenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, to and for the Use of his Majesty's Civil Government, as in all other Cases whatsoever, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause or Clauses in any Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXIV. And whereas, by an Act passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King"

Charles the Second, intituled,^ Ail for encouraging of Coinage, certain Duties were granted to his Majesty

upon Wines and other Articles imported, to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and to be applied

to the defraying the Charges and Expences of the Mint, and of the allaying, melting down, Waste, and

Coinage of Gold and Silver, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; which Monies were to be

c issued by Order or Warrant of the High Treasurer, Under Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury*

for the Time being, for the Purposes in the said Act directed: And whereas the Duties upon Wines, granted

by the said Act, have been continued by various subsequent Acts, and were made perpetual by an Act of the

ninth Year of his present Majesty: And whereas the said Duties on Wines are by this present Act done > away and repealed, and other Duties are.granted in lieu thereof: And whereas by an Act of the twenty-

seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them for the Time being, are empowered and directed to cause so much Money, out of the publick Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament, to be applied as shall bt f needfery, for (kfraying the Expences of the Mints in England and Scotland respectively, by way of Imprest,

1 Oto. ]. c. U* snd

17 Geo. 3. c.afi recited;

»rrd the

800,000). end ioo, ooo I. payable by those Act out of the Aggregate Fund,* it, from May 10# 1787, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fuad, and all the Powers, Sec, therein contained to continue' ia force.

Recital of Ad* relative to the Mint.*

From Way to,

J7*7. the Treasury may order j 5,0001, to le issued annually for thr Purposes t>f 17 Geo. t.

F. It.

JJ Q«o. 3. c. 58.

3589 JC. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A. 0.1787.

and upon Account for that Service, so as the same, together with the Coinage Duties before mentioned, do not exceed, in any one Year, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds, and so as the said Money bn issued out of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to the Master of the Mint in England^ and to the Matter of the Mint in Scotland, respectively, for the Purposes provided by the Act of the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King Charles the Second; which Duties have never, in any one Year, amounted to the Sum of fifteen thousand Pouflds above mejitioned Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to issue from Time to Time his or their Order or Warrant Co the proper Officer or Officers of the Exchequer, for Payment ofhny and such Sum or Sums of Money as to him or them shall respectively appear proper and right, out of any of the Duties of Customs imposed by. this Act, to be applied to the Uses and Purposes of the faui latt-recited Act, provided the Sums do not exceed, in any one Year, the Sum of fifteen thousand Pounds.

LXV. And whereas, by an Act made and passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on certain foreign Linens imported into this King*-c domy and for establishing a Fund for the encouraging of the raising and dr effing of Hemp and flax, several additional Rates and Duties were imposed on the following Goods; (that is to say), on all foreign Linen commonly called Packing Canvas, Spruce, Elbing, or j^ueetifbo rough Canvas; all foreign Linen commonly called Dutch Barrasy and Hejfin Canvas; and all foreign Lawn bleached in Holland, commonly called Holland whited Lawn; and the Monies arising by the several Rates and Duties therein granted (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, recovering and paying the same) were directed by the said recited Act to be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenue; and a Sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum% was directed to be kept apart in the said Receipt, as a Fund for the Encouragement of raising and dreifing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, in such Way and Manner a6 the Parliament should thereafter direct 5 and the Remainder of the said Duties was, by the said recited Act, directed to be reserved in the said Receipt for the future Disposition of Parliament 5 which Duties have never, in any one Year, amounted to the Sum of fifteen thou- land Pounds above mentioned, but* upon a Medium of nineteen Years, computed from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, being the Year after they took place, the Sum of six thousand three hundred and thirty-five Pounds fifteen Shillings, is taken to be the Average Amount of the annual Produce thereof: And vfoereas Provision was made for appropriating the said Fund by three fobfc-\ quest Acts made in the tenth, twenty-first, and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty: And whereasthft Duties imposed by the first-recited Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, are by this present Act done away, and other Duties are granted in lieu thereof Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the Sum of six thousand three hundred and foirty-nve Pounds fifteen Shillings, shall, at the End of each Year, be set apart in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, out of the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act, as a F und fot the Encouragement of raising and dreifing Hemp and Flax in this Kingdom, to be applied to such Uses and Purposes, and in such Way and Manner, as is directed and provided by the said Acts of the tenth,' twenty-first, and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty.

LXVL 4 And whereas, by an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for augmenting the Salaries of the Puisne Judges in the Court of King,s

Court of Exchequer at Wefti

Chester, and the Great

. and Paper, were grant-

eeft from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, to be applied for the Augments^ 4 tion of the Salaries of the several Judges in England^ foe Chief Baron and other Barons in foe Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the Justices of Chester^ and the Justices of the Great Sessions for the Counties ia Wales \ and to be paid to foe said Judges, Barons, and Justices, in every Year, at such Time or Times; f and in such Manner, as foe Salaries to the said Judges then were, or had accustomarily been paid; and two other Acts of the second and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, several additional Stamp '* Duties were granted, and, with foe aforementioned Duties established by foe said Act of the thirty-(boon*

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, were made one joint Fund for Payment of the said Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Judges, Barons, and Justices; and by an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of C heftier, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, the said Joint Fund was charged, froiA

From M«y 1 o*

J7«7» MSS1*

J 5 a. to be annually set eyeit me the Eichf-Jltirr for Encourage ment of raising Hemp and Flax. Ac.

1* Geo. s*r. 35. and other Acts relative to the Augmentation of the Salaries fit the Judges, #$ rented.

tion and Augmentation of the Salaries of the Puisne Judges of the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas 2$ Westminster^ and to the Chief Baron and other Barons of foe Coif of Exchequer at Westminster\ & 4 also charged upon foe said Joint Fund, and upon the Surplus of the Monies arising in the Receipt of the Er- chequer, of foe Deductions of Sixpence in the Pound out of all foe Monies paid upon aH Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and other Payments from foe Crown, established by an Act of Parliament made in foe twelfth Year of the Reign of King foe First, after satisfying all the Annuities and other Pay meats charged oh

foe same: And whereas the said several Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted & 4 aforesaid, are by this present Act consolidated and in consequence thereof will, firom and after the tenth 1 Day of May one thousiux} seven hundred and eighty-seven, be Mcorporpted wub> end become a Pm 6i

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. CLifr

the Monies to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Stamp Duties directed to be applied as Part of the Consolidated Fund by this Act established; and the said Deauftions of Sixpence in the Pcfund out of all Monies paid upon all Salaries, Pensions, Annuities, and bther Payments from the Crown, is also hereby made a Part of the same Fund :* He it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Monies that shall be and remain in the Exchequer, on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, of the Taxes, Duties, and Revenues, which shall compose the said Consolidated Fund, therfc shall be paid to the said several Judges, so much Money as shall be due and owing to them on Account of the several aforementioned Augmentations, computing the same from the Time or Times to which they were last paid, to tlvc fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and from that Time there shall be prfid to the said Judges, out of the Montes that shall arise and be paid into the Exchequer of the said Duties and Revenues granted by this Act, the several and respective annual following Sums, being the Amount of the Augmentations granted as aforesaid; videlicet, to the three Puisne Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, the Sum of nine hundred Pounds per Annum each; to the Chief justice of the Court of Common rleas* the Sum of five hundred Pounds per Annum; to the three Puisne Judges of the said Court of Common Pleas, nine hundred Pounds per Annum each; to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer in Westminster, one thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, to the thxee other Barons of the said Court, nine hundred Pounds* ter Annum each; to the Chief Justice of Chester, the annual Sun* of five hundred Pounds; to the second' Justice of Chester> three hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum; and to each of the Justices of the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales, three hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum each; the said Salaries to be issued and paid to the said Judges by quarterly Payments; videlicet, on die tenth Day of October, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April) and the fifth Day of Jutyi the first Payment thereof to be due and to be payable on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

LXVII. And whereas, by an Act made and passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of hk late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act jar making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, and for preventing any future Deficiency therein to anftuer the publick tier*

vices provided for out of the same, and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Mqfier or Keeper of the Ralls >-4 the several Duties on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted by an Act of the twelfth Year gf the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the Term of fixtcoi Years, from the second Day of August one thou land seven hundred and twenty-six, and by an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, were further continued for four Years, from the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-two; which said Duties expired on the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and were revived and made payable, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven4 4 hundred and fifty, forever; which said Duties, so revived and re-granted, were by the said Act subject to r 4 make good any Deficiency that should happen, in case the yearly Income and Revenue of the Office of* Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, as augmented by the said Act, mould at any future Time be inefficient tag answer and pay the yearly Sum of one thousand two hundred Pounds to the Matter or Keepertif the Rolls for the Time being, and the leverar ancient Fees, Salaries, and Allowances belonging to the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Matter of the Rolls, the Matters in Chancery, Clerltf; of the Parliaments,* and other Officers attending the Parliament and Great Seal, and of several Bills and Disbursetnenteralways paid and allowed out of the Revenues of the Hanaper Office and the Lord High- 4 Treasureiyor Commissioners of the Treasury, upon a Certificate from one of the Auditors of the Itnpreft,- are empowered to direct such Deficiency to be made good out of the aforesaid revived Duties, not exceeding three thousand Pounds in any one Year: And whereas, by the Directions in this Acth the said Duties^ 4 will become a Part of the Fund hereby established :* Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers and Authorities contained in the last mentioned Act of the twenty-third ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, shall extend, and be continued) and the Deficiency therein provided for shall in future be made good and supplied out of any of the Duties or Revenues granted by this Act, in the same Manner, and by the same Authorities^ as the same were provided for in the said Act.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all other Annuities whatever, charged upon^or made payable out of, the Aggregate Fund, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be charged and chargeable upon, and shall be payable and paid out of,.all or any of the Duties, Revenues, and Incomes of the said Con-fblidated Fund, in the same Manner, and according to the same Priorities, as the same Were directed’ and provided by the several Acts by which they were granted.

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void, aker, of prejudice, any-Dispositian, Appropriation, Appointment^ Matter, or Thing whatsoever, relative to the regular and* usual Payment of any Pension or Annuity, charged and made payable to any Person or Persons, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of any Grants or Letters* Patent made-or granted by any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, Kings or Queens of this Realm; but that the same Dispositions, Appropriations,<md Appoints merits, shall-continue, be in force, and take effect, in the Payment of all and every-the Annuities and Peri-fions payable by the Commissioners or Receivers General of the Duties and Revenues of Excise, and by the Receivers General of his Majesty's General Letter Office or Pott Office, in the same Manner, and at the same Time and Times, that the said Annuities and Pensions have been usually paid before the patting-this prefcrrt Act.

LXX. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That *nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or-be construed to extend, jo alter, axinjury Manner divert* ihe Payment of the several and respective

iti

From the Coni folidated Fund there shall be paid the Arrears of the Aog-rtenfaiiom to the Judge# Si- / lariet ai July 5,' j and thereafter the said Augmentation! dh'hll continue to be paid out of the said Fund*

tf Geo. t.t.

recited.

ndtftPo#eir thefebf to extend' to the Dutiea granted by ihiV Ad.

AllAnhuitiee charged upon the Aggregate Fund shall, froth Julj be’

payable out / the Consolidated*' Fadd*’

Pensioni on the" E aette rr Post Office to be paid ai heretofore.

Annuitier, Arc* pjyab)' f om the ixciff, Cuf-umt, or Salt

2$2 C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

'Putin iir Scotlandf to be paid as heretofore.

All taint trifing <fr»in the repealed Duiiti, which shall remain in ^he Exchequer on July 5, 1787, and all Some granted to make food Deficient aier, which shall

fQuarterly Ac* c<mnta to be Icept by the dif-lerent Boards of the federal Branches of the publick fterenue, and the Treasury to lay before Parliament an> eiually an Ac* covnt of the total Produce of 4be CustomSfAc.

Any Part of this Act may be altered in the pro* fut Seiko*.

foedive Annuities, Bounties, and other Charges and Expences, which, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, have usually been or ought to be satisfied and paid by the Commissioners of the Excise, the Receivers General of the Customs, or Salt Duties, out of the Monies arisen by the said Duties and Revenues, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandj but that the same shall and may, and are hereby directed and required -to be satisfied, paid, and tiifcharged, out of all or any of the said Monies arisen, or which shall hereafter arise, by the said Duties and Revenues, and come into the Hands of the said Receivers, in the same and like Manner, and at the respective Times at which the same have usually been accustomed to be paid and satisfied j any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sums of Money as shall have arisen by the said Rates and Duties hereby repealed, and shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; and all such Sums as shall be granted to re* place Deficiencies made jgood out of the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fundf and which mall not have been carried to the said Sinking Fund on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall be added to, and applied with, and in Aid of the Rates, Duties, and Revenues granted and established by this Act, and shall make Part of the Consolidated Fund created by virtue of this Act.

not hem been carried to the Sinking Fond on Maj 10, 1787, to be a Part of the Consolidated Fond.

LXXII. And whereas it may happen hereafter, that the Exigencies of the publick Service may require extraordinary Expences, beyond the annual Produce of the publick Revenue; and it will be highly important for the Maintenance of publick Credit, and for the Strength and Safety of these Kingdoms, that effec- tual Measurts should be taken for increasing the said Revenue in proportion to the additional annual Charge occasioned by such Expences be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That distinct Accounts shall be kept by the several Boards appointed for collecting and managing the different Branches of the publick Revenue, of the total Amount, in every Quarter of a Year, of the several Duties under their Management, distinguishing (as for as possible) the several Articles on which the same arise; and that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament, within fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session, an Account of the total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents respectively, distinguishing (as for as possible) in each Branch the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to one thousand Pounds or more, in the four Quarters next preceding the Date of such Account; and also an Account of all Additions which shall have been made to the annual Charge of the publick Debt, by die Interest or Annuities for or on account of any Loan which shall have been made after the passing of this Act, and within the Space of ten Years next preceding the Date of such Account; together with an Account of the Produce within the Year next preceding of any Dudes which shall have been imposed, or of any Addition which shall have been made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by every such Loan respectively.

LXXI1L Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Part of this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 283

SCHEDULE A.

A Schedule of the Net Duties payable on the Importation into this Kingdom of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom.

Also the Net Duties payable on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, from this Kingdom;

And likewise of the Net Duties payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise or from Port to Port within this Kingdom.

INWARDS.

Agates rough, small as a Bean, the Hundred Dozen -

- large, the Piece -

Alderney. Vide Jersey.

Ale. Vide Beer.

, Almonds. Vide Grocery.

- bitter. Vide Drugs.

Alum, the Hundred Weight.

- Roch. Vide Drugs.

- Alumen Plume. Vide Drugs.

Amber, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Beads. Vide Beads.

- Oil. Vide Drugs.

Anchor Stocks. Vide Wood.

Anchovies. Vide Fish.

Anniseeds. Vide Grocery.

Annotto, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which An-ootto may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap 15.

Apples, the Bushel -

- dried, the Bushel -

Aqua Fortis. Vide Drugs.

Archclia. Vide Orchelja. '

Argoil, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Ar-. goil may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Arrack. Vide Spirits. 7

Ashes, viz.

- Pearl Ashes, the Hundred Weight -

- Pot Allies, the Hundred Weight — —*

N. B For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Pearl Ashes and Pot Allies made in the British Plantations in America may be imported from thence without Payment of Duty, Vide 24 Geo. II, Cap. 51.

- Soap Ashes, the Hundred Weight -

- Weed-Allies, the Hundred Weight — — 4 -

Wood Ashes, the Hundred Weight. -

- Fechia-Ashes. Vide Fechia Brugiata, in Drugs.

Bapon, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Exemption from Duty on Salted Bacon from Ireland, Vide 8 Geo. III. Cap. 9; and 16 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

Balks. Vide Wood.

Balls', viz. Washing Balls, the Pound -

Bandftring-l'wist. V ide Twist.

Barilla, the Hundred Weight -

»7Qeo. III. Pp

c-

Duty#

f.

3

Drawback.

d.

8

I

- 5

284 C. *3. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787

|- Duty. 11 Drawback.

\c

INWARDS.

Bark of Oak. Vide Oak Bark.

Barley. Vide Com.

hulled or Pearl Barley. Vide Drugs.

Basket Rods, the Bundle not exceeding Three Feet in Circumference at the Band

Barkers, viz. Handbaskets, the Dozen -

Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets. Vide Hats.

- Manufactures thereof to make Hats. Vide Platting.

- Ropes, the Hundred Weight -

Battens. Vide Wood.

Battery, the Hundred Weight -

Bay-berries. Vide Drugs.]

Beads, viz.

- Amber Beads, the Pound -

- Chrystal Beads, the Thousand — —* -

- Coral Beads, the Pound -

» — Glass Beads. Vide Bugle.

- Jet Beads, the Pound -

Beans. Vide Corn.

Beef from Ireland.

N.B. For the Exemption from Duty on Salted Beef from Ireland, Vide 8 Geo. III. Cap. 9j and 16 Geo. III. Cap 8.

Beer, Viz. Spruce Beer, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons -

N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excite.

- of all other Sorts, or Ale, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons -

N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Bell-Metal, the Hundred Weight -

Berries for Dyers Use, not otherwise enumerated, the Hundred Weight -

Bestials. Vide Man, I He of.

Birds, viz. Singing Birds, the Dozen -

Biscuit. Vide Bread.

Blacking, the Hundred Weight -

Bladders, the Dozen -

Blubber. Vide Oil.

Boards. Vide Wood,

Bonnets. Vide Hats.

Books bound, the Hundred Weight -

- unbound, the Hundred Weight -

1 / Boom Spars. Vide Wood.

Botargo, the Pound -

Bottels of Earth or Stone, the Dozen -

- of Glass, viz.

- covered with wicker, the Dozen Quarts -

- full or empty, the Dozen Quarts -

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the Dozen -

Boxes, viz.

- Nest Boxes, the Gross containing Twelve Dozen Nells, each Nell containing

Eight Boxes -

- Pill Boxes, the Gross containing Twelve Dozen Nests, each Nell containing Four Boxes -

- Sand Boxes, the Gross containing Twelve Dozen Boxes -

Box Wood. Vide Wood.

Bracelets, or Necklaces of Glass, the Gross containing Twelve Bundles or Dickers, each Bundle or Dicker containing Ten Necklaces -

Brtndy. Vide Spirits.

Brass Wire. Vide Wire.

Brazil-Wood for Dyers Use. Vide Wood.

Brazilletto-Wood for Dyers Use. Vide Wood.

Bread or Biscuit, the Hundred Weight -

Bricks. Vide Earthen Ware.

Bridges-Thread. Vide Thread.

Brimstone, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions. under which the whole Duties of Customs may be drawn back on Brimstone used and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, Vide 23 Geo. III. Cap. 77 $ and 26 Geo. III.

Cap. 53.

Bristles, viz.

- drelfed, the Dozen- Pounds -

>3

12

*7

*3

- 2

fO

*5

d.

7

10*

8

3

11

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.

INWARDS.

Bristles, continued, viz.

- dressed of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a Foreign Ship, the Dozen Pound

- rough or undressed, the Dozen Pounds -

- rough or undressed of Muscovy or Rullia, imported in a Foreign Ship, the

Dozen Pounds -

Brooms, viz. Flag Brooms or Whisk Brooms, the Dozen -

Buckets. Vide Bowls#

Bugle, viz.

- Great Bugle, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Greai Bugle may on Importation be warehoused, Vide 5 Geo. III. Cap. 30.

- Great Bugle to be warehoused, the Pound — — -r-

- Great Bugle so warehoused, when taken out of such Warehouse to be used in this Kingdom, the Pound -

- Small or Seed Bugle, the Pound -

N.B. FcJr the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Small or Seed Bugle may on Importation be warehoused, Vide 5 Geo. III. Cap. 30.

- Small or Seed Bugle to be warehoused, the Pound -

- Small or Seed Bugle so warehoused, when taken out of such Warehouse to be used in this Kingdom, the Pound -

Bullion or Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver, Duty-free.

Bull-Rulhes, the Load containing Sixty-three Bundles -

Burrs for Milstones, the Hundred containing Five Score -

Butter, the Hundred Weight -

"N.B. For the Exemption from Duty on Salted Butter from Ireland, Vide 8 Geo. III. Cap. 95 and 16 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

Cables tarred or untarred, the Hundred Weight -

Cable Yarn. Vide Yarn.

Cakes made of Rape Seed. Vide Rape Cakes.

Callico. Vide Linen.

Calve Skins. Vide Skins.

Calves Velves to make Rennet, the Hundred Weight -

Cambricks. Vide Linen.

Camels Hair- Vide Hair.

Canary Seed. Vide Seed.

Candles, viz.

- of Tallow, the Hundred Weight —* -

- of SpermaCeeti, the Pound -

- of Wax, the Pound -

- of Wax, imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Candlewick, the Hundred Weight -

Cane-Hats. Vide Hats.

Canes, viz.

- Reed-Canes, the Thousand -

- Walking Canes, the Thousand -

- Walking Canes, imported by the East India Company, the Thousand -

- Rattans, the Thousand -

- Rattans, imported by the East India Company, the Thousand -

Cans of Wood, the Dozen -

Cam Spars. Vide Wood.

Canvas. Vide Linen.

Capravens. Vide Wood.

CapeTS, the Pound -

Cards, viz. Playing Cards, the Dozen Packs -

Carmenia Wool. Vide Hair of Goats.

Carpets, viz.

- of Persia, imported by the East India Company, the square Yard -

- of Turkey, containing Four Yards square or upwards, the Carpet -

- of Turkey, containing less than Four Yards square, the Carpet — Carraway-Seeds. Vide Drugs.

Calks empty, the Ton -

Catlings, the Gross containing 12 Dozen Knots -

Cattle.

N.B. For the Free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, Vide 5 Geo. III. Cap. 10; and 16 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

Caviare, the Hundred Weight -

C. 13. (A.) 285

1 Duty. I Drawback.

!r. X. cl '£ X. cl

5 — 2 11 2 6

1 4’ 1 3

1 6 I 3

- I 1 4 1

1 7 — I 6

- 1 -

, — 1 6 -

2 7 — 5

- 2 -

- 2 5 -

- 4 S — 3 11

11 — — 9 9

2 6 2 2

- 8 6 -

- 5 6 — 5 -

12 8

- 1 4 -

- 1 8 -

- 1 9 -

1 12 8 I 8 ——'

_ 11 9 9

1 18 6 I '7 3

2 1 3 2 -

- 16 6 — >5 3

- l9 3 — 18 -

ti 10

_ 2 _ 1

1 1 -

1 4 9 I 3 7

2 4 — 2 -

- 8 3 — 7 6

- 8 3 — 7 6

2 6 2 2

- 4 J — 3 11

by1 G oc >2 k

286 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Duty.

Cheek, not of Ireland, the Hundred Weight -

Cherries, the Hundred Weight -

Chip-Hats or Bonnets. Vide Hats.

Chip, Manufactures of Vide Platting.

Chrystal. Vide Drugs. N

Cider, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Cinnamon. Vide Grocery.

Citron-Water. Vide Spirits.

Clapboards. Vide Wood.

Cloths, viz. all Manner of Woollen Cloths, the Yard -

Cloves. Vide Grocery.

Coals, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

Cochineal, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cochineal may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Cocoa-Nuts, viz.

- of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, the

Hundred Weight -

- of the Produce of any other Country or Place, the Hundred Weight

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cocoa-Nuts may on Importation be secured in Warehouses, Vide 10 (ieo. I, Cap. 10; and 6 Geo. III. Cap 52.

- of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, on Importation to be secured in Warehouses, the Hundred Weight — of the Produce of any other Country or Place, on Importations to be

secured in Warehouses, the Hundred Weight -

- having on Importation been secured in Warehouses, when taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption, the Hundred Weight;

N.B. Cocoa-Nuts are also subject to the Inland Duty of Excile.

Coffee of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Hundred Weight -

- of the Produce of any other Country or Place, or imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Coffee may on Importation be secured in Warehouses, Vide 10 Geo. I, Cap. 10; and 6 Geo. III. Cap. 52. ‘

- of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, on Importation

to be secured in Warehouses, the Hundred Weight -

- not of the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, on Importation to be secured in Warehouses, the Hundred Weight -

- having on Importation been secured in Warehouses, when taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. Coffee is also subject to the Inland Duty of Excise*.

Coin of Copper. Vide Copper.

- of Gold or Silver. Vide Bullion.

Comfits, the Pound -

Coney Wool. Vide Wool.

Copper, viz.

- Ore, the Hundred Weight -

- unwrought, viz. Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, Copper Coin, and all cast

Copper, the Hundred Weight — — v -

- 1- unwrought, viz. Copper in Plates, the Hundred Weight -

- Part wrought, viz. Bars, Rods, or Ingots, hammered or raised, the Hundred Weight -

Copperas, Green, the Hundred Weight -

- White or Blue. Vide Drugs.

Coral. Vide Drugs.

Cordage, tarred or untarredr the Hundred Weight -

Cordial Waters. Vide Spirits.

Cork, the Hundred Weight -

Corks, ready made, the Gross containing 12 Dozen -

Corn and Grain, viz.

- Barley, whenever the Price at the Port of Importation shall be under 24 s. per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

8 -

I-

*7

(2

>5

- 6

Drawback.

d.

11

n

*4 -

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.) 87

INWARDS.

Corti and Grain Grain, continued, viz.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Barley on being imported into certain Ports or Places in this Kingdom may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29 & 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Barley, whenever the Price at the Port of Importation shall be at or above 24 s.

per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. 1'or the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Barley may be imported on Payment of the Duty of Two-pence the Quarter, or having been on Importation secured in Warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this Kingdom on Payment of the said Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42 & 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Barley hulled, or Pearl Barley. Vide Drugs.

- Beans, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be under 32 s. per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Beans on being imported into certain Ports or Places in this Kingdom may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- 1 Beans, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be at or above 32 s.

per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rest ribbons, under which Beans

may be imported on Payment of the Duty of Three-pence the Quarter, or having been on Importation secured in Warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this Kingdom on Payment of the said Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42 $ i3 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19GV0. Ill, Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

1 Beer or Big, whenever the Price at the Port of Importation shall be under 24s

per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. b or the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Beer or Big on being imported into certain Ports or Places in this Kingdom may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. C2p. 42; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25 & 19 Geo. III. Cap. 295 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Beer or Big, whenever the Price at the Port of Importation shall be at or above

24 s. per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Buftiels -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Beer or Big may be imported on Payment of the Duty of Two-pence the Quarter, or having been on Importation secured in Warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in the Kingdom on Payment of the said Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42 & 18 Geo. III.

Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Big. Vide Beer.

- Indian Corn and Maize, whenever the Pric$ of Barley at the Place of Importation

shall be under 24 s. per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels,

- Indian Corn and Maize, whenever the Price of Barley at the Place of Importation shall be at or above 24 s. per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels N- B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Indian Corn and Maize may be imported on Payment of the Duty of One Penny the

Quarter, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 15 Geo. III. Cap. 1 & 21 Geo. III.

Cap. 50.

- Maize. Vide Indian Corn.

- Oats, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be under 16 s, per

Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oats on being imported into certain Ports or Places in this Kingdom may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42 & 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Oats, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be at or above 16s.

per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oats may be imported on Payment of the Duty *of Two-pence the Quarter, 01

Duty.

£.\

I I

Drawback.

C s.]d.

H

*4

11

288 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D.

INWARDS.

Corn and Grain, continued.

having been on Importation secured in Warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this Kingdom on Payment of the said Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42 & 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. co.

- Pease, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be under 37 s. per

Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Pease on being imported into certain Ports or Places in this Kingdom may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

1 Pease, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be at or above 32 s. per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. r or the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Pease may be imported on Payment of the Duty of Three-pence the Quarter, or having been on Importation secured in Warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this Kingdom on Payment of the said Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Rye, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be under 32 s. per

Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Rye on being imported into certain Ports or Places in this Kingdom may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty,^ Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42 & 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Rye, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be at or above 32 s. per

Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Rye may be imported on Payment of the Duty of Three-pence the Quarter, or having been on Importation secured it) Warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this Kingdom on Payment of the said Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25 & 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Wheat, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be under 48 s. per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Wheat on being imported into certain Ports or Places in this Kingdom may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; i5 Geo III, Cap. 42 & 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25 & 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Wheat, whenever the Price at the Place of Importation shall be at or above 48 s.

per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

N.B. for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Wheat maybe imported on Payment of the Duty of Sixpence the Quarter, or having been on Importation secured in Warehouses may be' delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this Kingdom on Payment of the said Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25 & 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

Wheat Flour, whenever the Price of Wheat at the Place of Importation shall be under 48 s. per Quarter, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels —* -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Wheat Flour on being imported into certain Ports or Places in this Kingdom may be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 42; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 29; 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

-. Wheat Flour, whenever the Price of Wheat at the Place of Importation shall be at or above 48 s. per Quarter, the Hundred Weight containing 112

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Wheat Flour may be imported on Payment of the Duty of Two-pence the Hundred Weight, or having been on Importation secured in Warehouses may be delivered from thence in order to be used or consumed in this Kingdom on Payment of the said Duty, Vide 13 Geo. III. Cap. 43; 16 Geo. III. Cap. 4^; 18 Geo. III. Cap. 25; 19 Geo. III. Cap. 295 21 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

Duty.

18

3

I7S7-

Drawback.

£. s. d.

- 10 4

- i4 -

- 16 3

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.) 289

INWARDS.

Cotton Wool. Vide Wool.

Cotton Yarn. Vide Yarn.

Cow or Ox Hair. Vide Hair.

Cow or Ox Hides. Vide Hides.

Cream of Tartar. Vide Drugs.

Crossbow-Thread. Vide Thread.

Cucumbers pickled, the Gallon -

Culm, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

Currants. Vide Grocery. 4

Cuttle-Bones, the Thousand -

Cyder. Vide Cider.

Cynders, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

Dates. Vide Grocery.

Davis's Streights. Vide Greenland Seas.

Deals. Vide Wood.

Diamonds, Pearls, Rubies, Emeralds, and all other Precious Stones and Jewels, Duty-free.

Dice, for every Pair -

Dimity, viz. rlain White Dimity imported by the East India Company, the Yard

- and besides, for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof

according to the Gfofs Price at which the same shall be publicly sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

- The Drawback of the last mentioned Duty of Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings, to be allowed on the Exportation of such Dimity, shall be for every Hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, viz.

- If exported to Africa -

- If exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America -

- If exported to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (except to the British Colonies or Plantations in America) if the said Gooas shall have been Printed, Stained, Painted, or Dyed in this Kingdom -

- If exported to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (except to Africa or the

British Colonies and Plantations in America) if the said Goods shall be exported from this Kingdom without having been Printed, Stained, Painted, or Dyed therein -

Dog Stones. Vide Stones.

Down, the Pound -

- of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a Foreign Ship, the Pound -

Drillings. Vide Linen.

Drugs, viz.

- Acacia, the Pound -

- Acorus, the Pound -

- Adianthum Album, the Pound -

- Adianthum Nigrum, the Pound -

- Agaric, the Hundred Weight -

- Agnus Caftus Seeds, the Pound -

- Alkermes Confeftio, the Ounce -

- Alkermes Syrup, the Pound -

- Alkanet Roots, the Pound -

- Almonds Bitter, the Hundred Weight -

- Aloes Epatica, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Succotrino, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Alum Ronifti or Roch, the Hundred Weight

Alumen Plume, the Pound -

Ambergris, Black or Grey, the Ounce Troy -

- imported by the East India Company, the Ounce Troy -

Ambra Liquida, the Pound -

Ameos Seeds, the Pound -

Amcmi Seeds, the Pound -

Anacardium, the Pound -

Duty, Drawback.

£ X. d. C s. d.

9 7i

- 15 9 ~

- 5 11 — S 3

10 6

12 6

1 6 1 5

l6 10 -

l6 10

- 1 I *5

- 16 10 —;

- *4 10 -

- 6 — — 5

- 7 5

i __ 9. 6;

- 2 — — ii

- 2 — — li

- n — — 1

- 4 8 -

- 3 — — 2

- 8 — — Si;

- 1 — — — 8 k;

- 3 — 2

- *4 — 9 4

- 6 — 4

- 6 — 4

- 1 2 — 9

- 3 6 — 2 4

- 1 2 — 9 v

- 3 T— 2 0 1

- 2 — — 1 4

- 2 — — 1 4

- 2 6 — 1 8

- 2 — — 1 x

- 2 -

, 9. -1 6

290 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued,

- Angelica, the Pound -

- Antimonium Crudum, the Hundred Weight -

- Antimonium Praeparatum or Stibium, the Pound -

- Aqua-Fortis, the Hundred Weight -

- Argentum Sublime or Quickfi ver, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Aristolochia, the Pound -

- Arsenic, White or Yellow, or Roialgar, the Hundred Weight -

- Afarum Roots, the Pound -

- Afpakhus, the Pound -

- Alfa-Foetid a, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Auriculae Judge, the Pound -

- Haccre Alkakengi, the Pound -

- Bahuftium, the Pound -

- BaUam Artificial, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Canada Balsam, the Pound -

- Copaivae or Copaiba, the Pound -

Natural, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Barbadoes Tar, the Pound -

- Barley hulled or Pearl Barley, the Hundred Weight -

- Bayberries, the Hundred Weight -

- Bdellium, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Ben Album, or Rubrum, the Pound -

Benjamin, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Bezoar Stones of the West Indies, the Ounce Troy -

- imported by the East India Company, the Ounce Troy -

Bitumen Judaicum, the Pound -

- Black Lead, the Hundred Weight -

- Bolus-Communis or Armoniacus, the Hundred Weight -

- Bolus Verus or fine Bole, the Pound -

Borax in Paste or unrefined, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- rehned, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Calamus, the Pound -

- Cambogium or Gutta Gambae, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Camphire refined, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, tl

Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- unrefined, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound -

- imported (py the East India Company, the Pound Cancrorum Oculi, the Pound -

Cantharides, the Pound * -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Capita Papaverum, the Thousand -

Cardamoms, the Pound -

- imparted by the East India Company, the Pound -

Carlina, the Pound -

Carpo-Balsamum, the Pound -

Carrabe or Succinum, the Pound -

Carraway-Seeds, the Hundred Weight -

Carthamus*Seeds, the Pound -

Calfia Buds imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Cassia Fiftijla, the Pound -

Duty.

£ \ s. d.

- _ 2

- 4 8 1

- 1

- 4 8

- 8

- 8

- 3

- 4 8

1 3

- 2

- 3

- 9

- 3

- 3

- 3

- 3

- 1 6

- 1 6

- 3

- 9

- 1 6

- 1 6

- _ 1

- 8 10

- 4 8

- 3

- 9

3

- 5

- 6

- 6

- 9

- 2 6

2

- 6 8

- 3 6

2

- 3

- 3

- 1

- 1 -

- 2

- 6

- 6

e 8

- 2 -

- 8

Drawback,

t

8

9

9

3

9

3

2

4

3

2

6

2

31

4

4 6

3 i-

5

4

2

2

8

8

r

4

4

5!

ri

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.) 291

1 1 I Duty. Drawback.

1.' INWARDS

'1 £. s. d. £ s. d.

- Drags, continued.

I — Cassia-Fiftula, imported by the East India Company, the Pound ~ — — 3 2

- Cassia-Lignea, the Pound - — — 4 2I

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound - 4 2i

- Castor-Oil, the Gallon - 2 1 4

- Caftoreum, or Beaver’s Cods, the Pound - 2 — I 4

Cerufla, the Hundred Weight — — 7 — 4 8

- Cetrach, the Pound — — 3 2

Ir- — Chamaepitys, the Pound - 2

- Chelae Cancrorum, the Pound — — 1 -

- China- Roots, the Pound - — — 5 3*

1 — if not imported directly from the Place of their Growth, the

Pound - — 1 3 10

I‘ — — 5 3 i

Cinabrium or Vermillion, the Pound - 7 4*

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — 7 41

;l - Cinnabaris-Nativa, the round - 1 8

I — Ciperus, the Hundred Weight — —- 7 4. — 4 11

Citrago, the Pound - — — 3 2

Civet, the Ounce Troy - 2 — 1 4

- Coculus India?, the Pound - — 5 3T

!j — if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound 1 3 10

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — 5 — 3i

w,v Colophonia, the Hundred Weight — — 3 3 — 2 2

1 Coloquintida, the Pound — — 6 4

- if not imported dire£Uy from the Place of its Growth, the Pound — 1 6 — r

i: — —— imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — 6 4

r — Columbo Root, imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — 6 — — 4

- 1 Copperas Blue, the Hundred Weight - 2 4 -

j White, the Hundred Weight — — — 4 8 -

K Coral, White or Red for physical Uses, in Fragments, the Pound — — 3 — — 2

i1-’ — — imported by the East India Company, die Pound — — 3 — 2

Coral whole, unpolished, the Pound — — — 1 6 1 -

r imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — — 1 6 — 1 -

u' —— - Coral whole, polished, the Pound — — 3 — — 2 -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — — 3 — — 2

|!- Coriander-Seeds, die Hundred Weight — — 4 5 — 2 11

U* — Cornu-Ccrvi Calcinatum, the Pound, — — 3 — 2

y — Cortex-Cariophyllorum, the Pound - 2 — — ii

- Cortex Elatheriae, the Hundred Weight — — 9 6 — 6 4

Cortex Guaiaci, the Hundred Weight - 13 3 8 10

y — Cortex Limonum, vel Aurantiorum, the Pound — — 1 — — 01

V — Cortex Peruvianus, the Pound - 9 — —. 6

- Cortex Simarouba, the Pound — — 3 — — 2

Cortex Tamarifci, the Pound — — 2 1

V, Cortex Winteranus, the Pound — — 2 — _ ii

- Costus Dulcis et Amarus, the Pound — — — imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — 4 4: n H

, — - Cowitch, the Pound — — 4 — — 2 i

- Cream of Tartar, the Hundred Weient — — 4 8

- Crystal in broken Pieces for physical uses, the Pound — — 3 _ _ 2

- Cubebs, the Pound - — 2 1*

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — — 2 ii

Cummin Seeds, the Hundred Weight — — 7 4 — 4 11

- 1 Cufcuta, the Pound — — 3 — 2

Cyclamen or Panis Porcinus, the Pound — — — 3 — — 2

- Daucus Creticus, the Pound — — —* — 3 2

- Diagredium or Scamrriony, the Pound — — 2 6 1 8

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound — 7 6 5

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — 2 6 1 8

- Diptamus Leaves, the Pound *- 3 — 2

Roots, the Pound — — —> — 3 2

Doronicum, the Pound — — 6 A

- Eboris Rafurae, the Pound *- t T o4

- Eleborus, the Pound — — 4 1

1 mfHVTtiiifin f*fiA

2-j Geo. III. Q_q 3 2

292 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A. 0. 1787.

inwards.

Drugs, continued.

- Essence of Lemons, the Pound -

Euphorbium, the Pound -

Fechia Brugiata, the Hundred Weight -

Fennel-Seeds, the Pound -

Fenugreek, the Hundred Weight -

Flores-Chamoemeli, the Pound -

Flores-Meliloti, the Pound -

Folium Indue, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Fox Lungs, the Pound -

Frankincense, the Hundred Weight -

Galanga, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Galbanum, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Gentiana, the Pound

Ginfang, the Pound -

Grains of Guinea. Vide in G.

Grana-Tin&orum, \hc Pound -

Granadilla-Peruviana, the Pound — «- -

Green Ginger, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound — Guinea Pepper, the Pound -

Gum-Animi, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Gum-Arabic or Gum-Senega, the Hundred Weight -

imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight

- Gum-Senega imported from Europe, the Hundred Weight -

Gum-Armoniac, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

1 — — imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Gum-Carannae, the Pound -

Gum-Copal, the Pound -

Gum-Elemi, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Gum-Guaiaci, the Pound -

Gum-Hederze, the Pound -

Gum-Lac, vix. Cake-Lac, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Gum-Shellac or Seed-Lac, the Pound -

imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Gum-Sticklac, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Gum-Sticklac may b« entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Gum-Opoponax, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Gum-Sandrake or Juniperi, the Hundred Weight -

Gum-Sarcocolla, the Pound -

if not imported diretSHy from the Place of its Growth, the

Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Gum-Serapinum or Sagapenum, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the

Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Gum-Tacamahaca, the Pound* -

Gum-Tragacanth, the Pound -

- if*not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the

Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Daty. Drawback.

£ X. d. C s. d.

- 2 — I 4

- 2 — — li

- 3 2

- ii — — I

3 4 — 2 3

- ii — — r "

ti —- 1

- 6 6 —. 4 4

- 8 — Si

4 8 — 3 2

- 2 — ii

6 — 4

2 ii

- 4 — — H

1 —— —— 8

- 4 — *1

- 1 8 - — si

- 9 — 6

*— — 9 — 6

- 6 6 — — 4 4

3 2

3 — 2

- 3 — — 2

6

- 6

- 12 I

4 — 2!

- 1 — — — 8

- 4 -

9 — — 6

8 1 — si

li

- ti Ii

- 9 — — 6

9 6.

1 — — 0]

1 — — 0 i

- 2 — — L

2 v — Ii

1 4 II

- 4 — 2 8

1 A

- 7 T — 4 8

4 -

- 1 8

- 4 — — 2-1

- 4 4

1 —- — 8

- 4 4

- 9 — — 6

- 3 — — 2

- 9 6

- 3 — 2

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.) 293

Duty, Drawback.

1 INWARDS.

£. X. d. £. X. d.

[ Drugs, continued.

ii' — Herraoda&ilus, the Pound — — 3 — — 2

Horns of Harts or Stags, the ioo Horns — — 6 8 — 4 5

l'-> — Hypociftis, the Pound - — 5 — 3«

ii- —— Jalop, the Pound - 9 jS

incenle or Olibanum. Vide Olibanum.

L reos, the Hundred Weight - *4 — 9 4

i. fuiglass, the Pound - OlO -

*i" —- ujubes, the Pound — —- 2 — — ii

;k uniper-Berries, the Hundred Weight — — 4 5 3 3

abdanum or Lapadonum, the Pound — — i — 2

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound — 9 6

|- m — Lapis-Calaminaris, the Hundred Weight - 3 s -

i- — imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight 3 8

|j-. Lapis- Contrayervae, the Ounce — — — 9 6

r-- — imported by the East India Company, the Ounce — 9 6

t- - Lapis* Haematitis, the Pound - — 2 — ii

- Lapis- iibernicus, the Hundred Weight — — 6 4 — 4

- Lapis- iyacinthi, the Pound - — 6 4

- Lapis- udaicus, the Pound - 3 2

1 Lapis- Lazuli, the Pound — — 6 4

!L —— imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — 6 — — 4

1 »— Lapis-Magnetis, the Pound - — 3 — 2

fi-« —- Lapis-Nephriticus, the Pound - 6 4

I >r- — Lapis-Oftiocolla, the Pound — — 2

1 — — Lapis—Rubinus, the Pound - 3 — 2

! — Lapis-Sapphirus, the Pound - 3 — 2

L. - — Lapis-Smaragdus, the Pound - 3 — — t

; 1 — Lapis-Spongise, the Pound - 3 — 2

- Lapis-Topagae, the Pound - 3 — — 2

1 iu Lapis-Tutiae, the Pound — — 3 — — 2

I t ij. — imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — — 3 — 2

Lavender-Flowers, the Pound - — 4 — ,3 22

Leaves of Roles, the Pound - — 3 — — 2

Leaves of Violets or Flowers, the Pound — — 2 i

- Lentiles, the Pound *- 0 i -

- Lignum-Aloes, the Pound - 6 — — 4

- Lignum-Afpalthum, the Pound — — 2. 1 a

'h imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — — 1 — I i

‘k. Lignum-Nephriticum, the Pound - 6 — — >4

" S'* — Lignum-Rhodium, the Hundred Weight — — 7 — 4 8

I Litharge of Gold, the Hundred Weight - IO — — 7

1 Litharge of Silver, the Hundred Weight — — 8 — si

Lupines, the Hundred Weight — — ~ 2 4 — r 1

Lyntifcus or Xyloba)fomum, the Pound — — 3 — — 2

- Madder-Roots, the Hundred Weight — — 4 8 -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Mad-

der Roots may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide

8 Geo. I, Cap. ic.

U' 1 — Manna, the Pound - — — 6 — — 4

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — — 6 — — 4

Marmelade, the Pound - 3 — — 2

- Maftich Red, the Pound — — 3 2

- 9 — 6

, nr — imported by the East India Company, the Pound — — — 3 — — 2

1 — Maftich White, the Pound - — — 6 — 4

V —— if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the

y Pound- - 1 6 — 1 -

j —— imported by the East India Company, the Pound — 6 — — 4

i, m. — Mechoacana, the Pound - — 6 — — 4

v — Mercury-Precipitat, the Pound - — 9, — — 6

y — — - Mercury-Sublimat, the Pound - — 9 — 6

Millium-Solis, the Pound - — 2 ii

;> TV^. r*Akr\lanoc _ rvnrl 1 to/l fka Pai 1 M/1, 1

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound 2 6 ___ 4

/ t— imported by the East India Company, the Pound — 2 ii

Q.q *

£94 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

- > Mirobolanes Dry, die Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Mithridate Venetiae, the Pound -

- Mother of Pearl Shells rough, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Musk, the Ounce Troy -

- imported by the East India Company, the Ounce Troy -

- Myrrha, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Myrtle-Berries, the Pound -

- Nardus-Ccltica or Spica Romana, the Hundred Weight -

- Nitrum, the Pound -

Nutmegs Condited, the Pound -

imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Nux de Ben, the Pound

Nux-Cuprefli, the Pound -

Nux-Indica, each -

Nux-Vomica, the Pound -

Oil of Almonds, the Pound -

Oil of Amber, the Pound -

Oleum - A nisi, the Pound -

Oil of Bay, the Hundred Weight -

Oleum-Cariophyllorum, the Pound -

Oleum-Carui, the Pound -

Oleum-Cinnamomi, the Ounce Troy -

Oleum-Juniperi, the Pound -

Oil of Mace, the Pound -

Oleum Nucis Mufcatae Liquidum, the Pound -

- Oleum-Origani, the Pound -

Oleum Palmae, the Hundred Weight -

- OJeum Petroleum, the Pound -

Oleum Rhodii, the Pound -

- Oil of Rosemary, the Pound -

Oleum Saflafrae, the Pound -

- Oil of Spike, the Pound -

Oleum Thymae, the Pound -

- Oil of Turpentine, the Pound -

- Oleum V itrioli, the Pound -

- Oil, viz. Chemical Oils not otherwise enumerated, the Pound

Orange, Jessamine, and Perfumed Oils, not otherwise enumerated, the Pound -

- Olibanum or Incense, the Hundred Weight

- if not imported dire£Hy from the Place of its Growth, the Hundrec

Weight -

- imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight -

- Opium, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Orange Flower Ointment, the Pound -

- Orange Flower Water, the Gallon -

Origanum, the Pound -

- Orpiment or Auripigmentum, the Hundred Weight -

- imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight -

Pearl beaten, the Ounce Troy -

- Pellitory, the Pound -

- Pepper Long, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Piony Seeds, the Pound -

Piftachias or NuX Piftachiae, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

Pix Burgundias, the Hundred Weight -

- Polypodium, the Pound -

- Polium Montanum, the Pound -

Dat, Drawback.

J. d. ! i.

t -

3 r — - 2

1 l 6 — I _ s

4

4 — H

2 — t 4

2 — ( 4

6 — 4

1 6 — I

- 6 4

- 2 — 1

9 4 - 6 2

- 5 — 3*

10 10 7 j

2 — \\

2 — — i?

- 1 I. I

3 X~

- 6 — 4

1 6 — 1

8 9 — 5 (O

2 6 — 1 8

6 — 4

r 6 — 1

- 6 4

1 4 — it

2 — — 1 4

1 3 — 10

- 7 — — 4 8

3 — 2

5 — 3 4

9 6

1 — — 8

4 — 2i

1 3, — 10

- 1, ol

1 °J

7? 5

1 6 1

i 1 — r4

3 3 2 2

1 1 -

1 6 1 -

4 6 3 -

1 6 1 -

6 4

- 1 __ s

j.

11 1

9 5 10

£ 9 — 5; to

6 4

( ol

- 2z

2-V * n y

I 3 I 2

9 6

t > 4 i I 2

1 ol

U i

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.)

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

- Pomegranate Peels, the Hundred Weight

Pompholix, the Pound -

Poppy Seeds, the Pound -

- Prunelloes, the Pound -

Pfyllium, the Pound -

Radix Biftortae, the Hundred Weight -

- Radix CalTuminar, the Pound -

- Radix Contrayervae, the Pound -

imported by the East India Company,

the Pound -

Radix Enuhe Campanae, the Hundred Weight

Radix Eringii, the Pound -

Radix Efulx, the Pound -

Radix Hypocacuana, the Pound -

Radix Mei Athamantici, the Pound -

Radix Phu, the Pound -

Radix Scorcionera, the Pound -

Radix Seneca, the Pound -

Radix Serpentariae, the Pound -

Radix Tormentiliae, the Hundred Weight -

Red Lead, the Hundred Weight -

Rcfma Jalapii, the Pound -

Relina Scammonii, the Pound -

Rhabarbarum or Rhubarb, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Rhinehurst, the Hundred Weight -

Rofalgar. Vide Arsenic.

Saccharum Saturni, the Pound -

Saffron, the Pound -

Sago, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Sal Alkali, the Pound -

Sal Ammoniacum, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restri<5lions, under which Sal

Ammoniacum may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. ic.

Sal Gem, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Sal Gem may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Sal Prunellae, the Pound -

Sal Succini, the Pound -

Sal Tamarifci, the Pound -

Sal Tartari, the Pound -

Sal Vitrioli, the Pound -

Sal Volatile Ammoniaci, the Pound -

Sal Volatile Cornu Cervi, the Pound -

Salep, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound -

Sandracha. Vide Gum Sandrake.

Sanguis Draconis, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound -

- *— imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Sanguis Hirci, the Pound -

Sarsaparilla, the Pound -

Sassafras Wood or Roots, the Hundred Weight -

Saunders Red, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Saunders Red may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Saunders White, the Pound -

Saunders Yellow, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Scammony. Vide Diagrcdiutn.

Scincus Marinas, each -

Scordium, the Pound -

Duty. Draw back.

6 S. d. £ J. d.

4 8 -

- 1 — — o

- 11 — — 1

- 3 f 1 — — 2

- 4 1 a 8 — 3 1 2

- 4 6 2l 4

- 6 6 4 ii 2{ - 4 4 2 1

- i-I

- 1 8 — 1 1

- la — — 1

- li — — 1

3 — — 2. t

2 la 6

- 3 9 2 — 2 1

- 3 8 — 2 5

- 3 2 — 2 1

3 1 2 - 2 1

- 1 0 6 — A I -

6 4 4 2

- 7 3 6 3 - j 2 8. 2

- 4 3 6 8 — 2 4

4 8 2 ii

- 1 2 — — 9

- 1 2 3 3 6 6 3 9 8 — 9 2 2 4

- 4 2 6 5*

2 — — 1 4 5-;

- 8 -

- 2 — — ii

- 8 — Si

- 2 4 — 1 7 ’

4 8

- 3 3 3 i 2 2 2

t

295

296 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D.

INWARDS.

Drugs, continued.

- Sebeftines, the Pound -

*— — Seeds for Gardens, the Pound -

- Seler Montanus, the Pound -

- Semen Cucumeris, Cucurb, Citron, Melon, the Pound -

- Sena, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Sperma Ceeti, coarse and oily, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Head Matter or other Produce of Whales or other Creatures livings in the Sea, taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned determined by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing therein respectively, may be admitted to Entry and landed without Payment of any Duty what* ever, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 41 j and 26 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Sperma Coeti fine, the Pound -

'Spikenard, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Spiritus Cornu Cervi, the Pound -

- Spiritus Vitrioli, the Pound -

- Sponge, the Pound -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

- Squilla, the Hundred Weight -

- imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight -

- Squinanthum, the round -

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the

Pound -

- Stavefacre, the Hundred Weight -

Stechados, the Pound -

- Storax Calamita, the Pound -

if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, thej Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- " — Storax Liquida, the Pound -

* if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the

Pound -

- * Succus Liquoritiae, the Hundred Weight -

- Sulphur Vivum, the Hundred Weight — —: -

- Talc Green, the Pound -

- Tale White, the Pound -

- Tamarinds, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- * Tapioca, the Pound -

- Tartarum Vitriolatum, the Pound -

- Terra Tapanica, the Pound -

- Terra Lemma, the Pound -

» Terra Sigillata, the Pound -

Thlafpii Semen, the Pound -

- Tornfal, the Hundred Weight -

- Treacle common, the Pound -

Treacle of Venice, the Pound -

Doty,

j.| <L

- Turbith, the Pound

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Turbith Thapfine, the Pound — «— -

- Turmeric, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Turpentine common, the Hundred Weight

Turpentine of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus, the Pound

Turpentine of Germany or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, the

Hundred Weight -

Varnish, the Hundred Weight

- Verdigrease common, the Pound

Verdigrease crystallized, the Pound

- Vilcus Quercinus, the Pound

>7

1A

2

III

I*

6

6

6

8

3 9

M4

8 2 2 2 2

2

3

4 6 6 2 8 4

i! 6 1

1787.

D rawback.

£. s. d.

- ii

-. I I

- 4

- { 4

- 11 9

- 5a

b-;i

- 8

- 8

- 3a

I'i

- *1 — r 6

I 8 6 -I 5 10

1~M7I

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.)

INWARDS.'

Drugs, continued.

- Vitriolum Romanum, the Pound -

Pound -

Umber, the Hundred Weight -

Ungulae Alcis, the 100 Hoofs -

White Lead, the Hundred Weight -

- imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight

Worm Seeds, the Pound -

imported by the East India Company, the Pound

» Zedoaria, the Pound

- if not imported directly from the Place of its Growth, the Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Earthen Ware, viz.

- Bricks, the Thousand —^ -

- Flanders Tiles to scour with the Thousand -

- Galley Tiles, the Foot square -

- Paving Tiles not exceeding Ten Inches square, the Thousand ———— Paving Tiles exceeding Ten Inches square, the Thousand

- Pantiles, the Thousand -

Ebony. Vide Wood.

Eels. Vide Fish.

Eggs, the Hundred containing Six Score -

Elephants Teeth, the Hundred Weight -

- imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight

Elks Hair. Vide Hair.

Elks Skins, Vide Skins.

Emeralds. Vide Diamonds.

Emery Stones. Vide Stones.

Enamel, the Pound -

Eftridge Wool. Vide Wool.

Feathers, viz.

- Feathers for Beds, the Hundred Weight -

Hundred Weight -

- Ostrich or Eftridge Feathers dressed, the Pound -

- undrefllii, the Pound -

Figs. Vide Grocery.

Fins of Whales, vide Whale Fins.

Fire Wood. Vide Wood.

Fir Quarters. Vide Wood.

Fish, viz.

- Anchovies, the Barrel containing 16 Pounds of Fish -

- Botargo. Vide in B.

- Caviare. Vide in C.

- Eels, viz Quick Eels, the Ship’s Lading -

- Lobsters.

N.B. For the free Importation of Lobfleis, Vide 1 Geo. I, Stat. 2, Cap. iS.

- Oysters, the Bushel -

- Stock-Fish, the 120 -

- Sturgeon, the Keg -

- .Turbots.

N.B. For the free Importation of Turbots, Vide 1 Geo. I, Stat. 2, Cap. 18

- Fish caught and taken by British Subjects.

, N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Fish may be imported without Payment of Duty, Vide the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Flannel, the Yard -

Flax, viz.

- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight -

rough or undressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight — imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight -

Duty. Drawback.

£ X. d. £ s. J.

2 1}

z c

4

4 S — 2 11

3 3 — 2 2

- 4 5 — 2 11

4 5 — 2 11

6 — 4

- 1 6 — 1

- 6 — 4

- 6 — — 4

1 6 — I -

- 6 — — 4

7 2 _ 6 8

12 2 — XI 2

- 3 -

1 9 9 I 8 3

2 6 3 2 4 9

2 12 10 2 8 10

- 5 4

I 6 5 X 4 5

I 10 10 I 8 10

- *3 4 — 1 6

I 6 5 I 3 5

I 8 X X 3 5

- 8 10 — 7 10

4 5 3 11

- 2 X — 1 10

4 !3 6 3 18 6

- 6 .

- 2 X — 1 4r

3 4 2 11

7 6

5 4 6 4 17

5 8 8 4 *7 -

4 10 — 4 7

5 1 1 4 7

297

298 C. 13* (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D.

INWARDS.

Flax, rough or undressed, continued.

N.,13. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Rest riflions,'under which rough or undressed Flax may be imported without Payment of any Duty whatever,!

Vide Geo. II, Cap. 27. And for the Conditions, Regulations, and Re-'

ftri&ions, under which any Sort of Flax and all the Production thereof, as Thread, Yam, and Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland, or any Manufacture of Flax in Ireland, may be imported from thence Duty-free, Vide 7 and 8 Wm. Ill, Cap. 395 and 16 Geo. II, Cap. 26.

Flint Stones for Potters, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

Flocks, the Hundred Weight -

Frize of Ireland, the Yard -

Furriers Waste fit only for making Glue, the Hundred Weight -

Furs. Vide Skins.

Fustick. Vide Wood.

Garnets, viz.

- Rough, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- Cut, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Galls, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Galls may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Geneva. Vide Spirits.

Ginger. Vide Grocery.

- Green. Vide Drugs.

Glass, viz.

- Bottles, Vide Bottles.

- Broken, fit only to be re-manufa£hired, the Hundred Weight — Glovers Clippings, fit only to make Glue, the Hundred Weight -

Gliie, the Hundred Weight -

Goats Hair. Vide Hair.

Goats Skins. Vide Skins.

Grain or Scarlet Powder, the Pound -

Grain of Seville in Berries, and Grains of Portugal or Rotta, the Pound Grains, viz. Guiney Grains, the Pound -

Graves, for Dogs, the Hundred Weight -

Grave Stones. Vide Stones.

Grease.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Grease may be imported Duty-free, Vide 7 Geo. III. Cap. 12 j and 26 Geo. III. Cap. 53.

Greenland Seas.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Whale Fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, Seal Oil or Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Seals or other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British Subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, may be imported in British-built Ships with out Payment of Duty, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 41; and 26 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

Grocery, viz.

» 1 - Almonds, viz.

- Jordan, the Hundred Weight -

- of any other Sort (except Bitter Almonds), the Hundred Weight -

- Bitter. Vide Drugs.

- Anniseeds, the Hundred Weight -

- " Cinnamon, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

Cloves, the Pound

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound

Currants, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight

Duty.

M d.

10

6

U

5

11

2

5

5

8

8

4

10

N VD

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.)

INWARDS.

Grocery, continued.

- Dates, the Hundred Weight -

- Figs, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight -

Ginger of the British Plantations, the Hundred Weight -

y - not of the British Plantations, the Hundred Weight -

- Liquorice Juice. Vide Succus Liquoritiae, under Drugs.

- rowder, the Hundred Weight -

- Root, the Hundred Weight -

- Macc, the Pound -

- imjiorted by the East India Company, the Pound -

Nutmegs, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound «— -

- 1 -—Pepper, on Importation by the East India Company to be warehoused, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Pepper may be warehoused on Importation, Vide 8 Anne, Cap. 7; 10 Anne, Cap. 26; 8 Geo. I, Cap. 1

- when taken out of such Warehouse for Home Consumption, the

Pound -

- Pimento, of the British Plantations, the Pound -

- not of the British Plantations, the Pound -

- Plumbs-Dried, the Pound -

- Prunes, the Hundred Weight -

- Raisins, viz.

- of the Sun, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight

- Smyrna, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight

imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight Lexia, imported in a British-built Snip, the Hundred Weight imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight

Faro, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight

Lipra or Belvidere, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight

- Denia, and all other Raisins not otherwise enumerated, imported

in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight -

not otherwise enumerated, imported in a Foreign Ship, the

Hundred Weight -

* Sugar Candy Brown, the Hundred Weight -

- imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight — — *— -

- White, the Hundred Weight -

- imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight

- Sugar, viz,

- Refined, the Hundred Weight

- Brown and Muscovado, not of the British Plantations, the Hundred Weight — — — y-

White, not of the British Plantations, the Hundred Weight Irown and Muscovado, of the British Plantations, the Hundred Weight — # -

- White of the British Plantations the Hundred Weight

- From any of the British Colonies or Plantations on the Continent

of America, upon the Importation to be warehoused, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, to which Sugar is subject upon Importation, Vide 6 Geo. III. Cap. 52.

- When taken out of such Warehouse, in order to be used in this Kingdom, the Hundred Weight -

Grog ram Yarn. Vide Yarn.

Guernsey. Vide Jersey island of a7 Geo. III. Rr

Duty, Drawback.

r. d. £ s. d.

6 3 2 3 3

12 10 — 12 -

l3 4 — 12 -

11 — 10 6

8 — I 6 -

12 1 2 (1 1

8 10 I 8 -

4 — — 3 8

4 — — 3 8

2 — — 1 JO

2 — — 1 10

- Ot -

6

- 3 — - *1

- 6 — — 5f

- 3 — — 2\

12 5 8 3

18 8 - *7 6

*9 1 — *7 6

ii 5 — IC 10

r 1 8 — 10 10

8 — 7 8

8 1 — 7 8

8 — 7 8

8 1 - 7 8

8 3 — 7 11

8 5 — 7 II

7 1 — 6 10

7 2 — 6 10

*5 — 2 10 -

>9 — 4 14 -

2 6 3 *5

8 6 7 1 -

18 8 4 10 2

7 2 1 5 2

5 6 2 1 10

12 4 — 12 4

9 1 9

- 3 -

6 11 -

300 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Duty. Drawback.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

Guinea Wood. Vide Wood.

Gunpowder, viz. Corn Powder, the Hundred Weight -

- Serpentine Powder, the Hundred Weight -

Hair, viz.

- Camels, the Pound -

- Cow or Ox, the Hundred Weight -

- Elk’s, the Hundred Weight -

- Goats, viz.

- - Carmenia Wool, the Pound -

- - - imported by the East India Company, the Pound

N.B. For the Exemption from Duty on any Goats Hair or Turkey Goats Wool, Vide 24 Geo. III. Sess. 2. Cap. 21.

- Horse, the Pound -

- Human, the Pound -

Hair-Powder. Vide Powder.

Hams. Vide Bacon.

Handbaskets. Vide Baskets.

Handscoops, the Dozen —

Handspikes. Vide Wood.

Hare’s-Wool. Vide Wool.

Harp Strings, the Gross containing 12 Dozen Knots -

Hats, viz.

- Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22 Inches in

Diameter, the Dozen -

*— Bast or Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22 Inches in Diameter, the Dozen -

Chip, Cane, or Horse-hair Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding 22Inches in Diameter, the Dozen — — — *—

- Chip, Cahe, or Horse-hair Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet exceeding 22

Inches in Diameter, the Dozen -

- made of, or mixed with. Felt, Hair, Wool, or Beaver, the Hat -

Hay, the Load, containing 36 TrufTes, each Truss being 56 Pounds -

Headings. Vide Staves, under Wood.

Head Matter.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Head-matter taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing therein respectively, haay be admitted to Entry and landed without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 41 j and 26 Geo. III. Cap. 50, \

Heath for Bruihes, the Hundred Weight -

Hemp, viz.

- dressed, imported in a British-built Ship* the Huadred Weight -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight -

- rough or undressed, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight

- imported in a Foreign Ship the Hundred Weight

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Relictions, under which

; W*; III, Cap. 39; and 16 Geo. II, Cap. 26. And for the Conditit

Regulations, and Restrictions, under which H*mp of the Produce of i British Plantations in America may- be imported Duty-frfce* Vide 8 Gee

Cap. 12.

Hides, viz%

Cow or Ox Hides in the Hair the Piece -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which

or apy of the British Colonies in America*, Vide 9 & 21 Geo. III. Cap. 29.

Cow or Ox Hides tanned the Pound -

Elk. Vidfe Skins.

©f-Horses,-Mares* or Geldings, in the Hair, the Piece

Duty. Ii 1 Drawback.

C d. |b S. d.

x5; 311 I II 3

1 2 - 19 6

_ - 8 II- 7

- S 1 3 lr - 7 6

- $ > 3 - 7 6

-. 8 Ii _ — 7

" 1 *" - 9 - 8

:— — 9 || — — 8

z — II. r -

- 11 ||. I w — —* 10

2 6 II. 2 2

- 2 9 11 __ 2 6

- 5 6 II - 5 -

- 3 6 II — 3 ih

- 7 — II - 6 3

2 4 - II 1 19 -

- 1 1 — II — 10

4 5 1 r 3 Ii

2 4 — II 119 -

2 6 9 119 -

3 8 1 1— 3 4

r > 3 1 1 r 3 4

V > d d — 91 8

- 5 -

" — — .9 11 8

r

Aj. © *75.7-

Anno vicesimo septimo, Georgii III. C. 13. (A.)

Dufy.

301

INWARDS.

Hides, continued.

of.Horses, Mares, or Geldings, tanned, the Pound -

- Indian Hides und relied, the Piece -

Losh Hides, the Pound -

- Muscovy or Ruffian Hides tanned, the Pound -

Hones, the* Hundred containing 5 Score -

Honey, the Barrel containing az Gallons -

Hoops of Iron for Casks, the Hundred Weight -

- of Wood for Coopers, the Thousand -

Hops,*the Hundred Weight -

Horns of Cows or Oxen, the Hundred containing 5 Score -

- of Harts or Stags. Vide Drugs.

Horn-Tips, the Hundred containing 5 Score -

Horse-iHair. Vide Hair.

Hats or Bonnets. Vide Hats.

- Hides. Vide Hides.

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, the Horse, Mare, or Gelding -

N.B. For the Free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, Vide 5 Geo. III. Cap. 10; and 16 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

Human-Hair. Vide Hair.

Hungary-Water. Vide Spirits.

Jersey, Island of.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Salt) of the Growth, Produce, and Manu- failure of the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark or Alderney, may be imported without Payment of Customs, Vide 3 Geo. I, Cap. 4; and 5 Geo. I, Cap. 18.

Jet, the Pound -

Jewels. Vide Diamonds.

ancle unwrought, or Short Spinnel, the Pound -

- r—wrought, the Dozen Pounds -

Indian-Corn. Vide Corn.

Indico, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Indico may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide S Geo I, Cap. 15.

Ink for Printers, the Hundred Weight -

Iron, viz.

- in Bars or unwrought, of Ireland, the Ton j -

- 1——- of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a British-built Ship,

the Ton -

- of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a F oreign Ship, the T on

- '-t — - 1 not of Ireland or of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a

British-built Ship, the Ton -

, wfmm — not of Ireland or of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a

Foreign Ship, the Ton -

- of Ireland, flit pr hammered into Rods, the Hundred Weight -

- drawn or hammered less than £ of an Inch square, the Hundred Weight -

- of Muscovy or Russia, flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered

less than \ of an Inch square, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight -

- flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered

less than \ of an Inch fauare, imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight -

- of any other Country, flit or hammered into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered

less than J of an Inch square, the Hundred Weight -

- Hoops. Vide Hoops.

- Ore, the Ton -

- Old broken and old cast Iron, the Ton -

- Pig Iron from the^British Plantations, the Ton -

_ — \Vire. Vide Wire

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Bar Iron and Pig Iron made in his Majesty's Colonies in America, may be imported from thence without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 23 Geo lit Cap. 29 j and 30 Geo. II, Cap. 16.

R r %

Drawback.

IO

3

4

8

*9

12

Callicoes, viz.

N.

Piece

Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. Cap. 5’ .

to the East Indies,

T]he Drawback of the last mentioned further Duty of £. 16:

10 s.

gland trading to the East Indies, viz.

- if exported to Africa — T.

- if exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in America

- if exported to any Parts or Places beyond the Seas (excej

British Colonies or Plantations in America), if the faic shall have been Printed, Stained, Painted, or Dyed Kingdom -

in

the British Colonies or Plantations in America), if the said G shall be exported from this Kingdom without having been Pri] Stained, Painted, or Dyed therein -

Cambricks and French Lawns to be secured in Warehouses for Exportation, the Half Piece, containing 6i Ells -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cam-

302 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Isinglass. Vide Drugs.

Juice of Lemons, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- Limes, the Gallon -

Ivory, the Pound -

Kelp, the Ton -

Kits of Wood. Vide Pails of Wood.

" Knees of Oak. Vide Wood.

Lace, viz.

- Bone Lace of Thread, the Dozen Yards -

Lambs Wool. Vide Wool.

Lamb Black, the Hundred Weight -

Lard, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which i Lard may be imported Duty-free, Vide 7 Geo. III. Cap. it-, and 26 III, Cap. 53.

Lath wood. Vide Wood.

Latten, viz.

- Black, the Hundred Weight -

- Shaven, the Hundred Weight " -

- Wire. Vide Wire.

Lawns, Vide Linen.

Lead-Ore, the Ton -

Lead, Black, Red, or White. Vide Drugs.

Leaves of Gold, the 100 Leaves -

Lemons, the Thousand -

-. Juice of Vide Juice of Lemons.

- pickled, the Ton containing 251 Gallons -

Lignum-Vitae. Vide Wood.

Lime-Juice. Vide Juice of Limes.

Linen, viz.

- Alexandria or Turkey plain, not exceeding One Yard in Width, the Ell

- exceeding One Yard in Width the Ell

Duty. Drawback.

£ 1 r. d. £ 1. 1

3 10 > 3 6 st

- 3 -

- 2 3 — 2 -

- 16 6 — *5 -

- 17 8 — *5 8

I *5 3 I '3 3

1

_ *3 3 12 3

I 2 I 4

- 17 8 — *5 8

- 1 2 — 1 -

- 4 5 —* 3 11

1 *5 3 I *3 3

7 6

10 9

r \,) 5 3 5

t i

’ 16 1 10

- l6 10

11 iS

- l6 10 -

- *- — 14 10 -

- 6 -

1

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.

inwards.

Linen, continued.

bribes and French Lawns may be imported to be secured in Warehouses for Exportation, Vide 3a Geo. 11, Cap. 32; and 7 Geo. III. Cap. 43.

Canvas, viz.

- Heflens Canvas, or Dutch Barrafs, the 120 Ells -

- Packing Canvas, Guttings, Spruce, Elbing, or Queensborough

Canvas, the 120 Ells -

- Poldavies, the Bolt, containing 28 Ells -

- Damask Tabling, of the Manufacture of Holland or any other of the United Provinces, viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell J in Breadth, the Yard -

- above 1 Ell and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard

- » of the Breadth of 2 Ells or upwards, and under 3 Ells, the

Yard -

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard -

- Damask Tabling of Ireland. Vide Irish Cloth.

- of Russia. Vide Linen of Russia.

- Damask Tabling of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated,

the Yard -

- Damask Towelling and Napkining, of the Manufacture of Holland or any other of

- the United Provinces, the Yard -

- of Ireland. Vide Irish Cl nth.

- of Russia. Vide Linen of Russia.

t - of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, the Yard -

- Diaper Tabling of the Manufacture of Holland or any other of the United

Provinces, viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell in Breadth, the Yard -

above 1 Ell & in Breadth, and under 2 Ells, the Yard

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells or upwards, and under 3 Ells, the

Yard -

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard -

- Diaper Tabling of Ireland. Vide Irish Cloth.

- of Russia. Vide Linen of Russia.

of Silesia making, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, the Yard -

- Diaper Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Holland or any other of the United Provinces, the Yard -

- of Ireland. Vide Irish Cloth.

- of Russia. Vide Linen of Russia.

- of Silesia makinz, or of any other Place not otherwise enumerated, the Yard -

- Drillings and Packduck, the 120 Ells -

- Flanders and Holland Linen plain, not otherwise enumerated, viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell in Breadth, the Ell -

- above 1 Ell I, and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Ell

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells, or upwards, and under 3 Ells,

the Ell -

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Ell -

- German, Switzerland, East Country (except Russia) and Silesia Cloth, plain, viz.

- above the Breadth of 31! Inches, and not exceeding 36

Inches, the 120 Ells -

- above 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

- not above 31I Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

- Hinderlands, Brown, viz.

- under 21 \ Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

Irish Cloth, Plain, not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells

- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 EJls -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which

Linen’ (except Cambricks and Lawns, Vide 7 Geo. III. Cap. 43*), of the Manufacture of Ireland, not being Chequered, Striped, Printed, Painted, Stained, or Dyed, may be entered without Payment of Duty, Vide 7 and 8 W* III, Cap. 39; and 16 Geo. II, Cap. 26.

- Lawns viz.

- Silesia and alt other Lawns Plain ('except Lawns of the Manufacture

G. 13. (A). 303

)uty. Driw back.

r. d. £ d.

7 I 5 3

(8 2 — 16 ii

8 9 — "

5 4 — 4 icr

6 2 — S 8

7 — 6 6

10 4 9 10

1 3 — 1 ii

1 11 — 1 8

- S — 4i

2 5 — 2 2

2 10 2 6

3 2 — 2 10

4 4 8 4 4

1 1 — — 11

- xo — 8

1 5 4i

5 4 2 4 4

X 4 — k 1 2

X 7 —- 1 S

I 9 — 1 7

2 7 2 5

I 5 2 x6 5

*4 5 4 9 5

4 7 1 2 7

16 5 — *5 1

1.2 4 — 11 4

5 4 2. 4 4 1

3°4

i

C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A. P. 1787.

Duty, Drawback.

INWARDS.

Linen, continued.

» Lawns, viz.

of the European Dominons of the French King), not bleached in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length -

, Silesia and all other Lawns Plain (except Lawns of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King) bleadhed in Holland, the Piece not exceeding 8 Yards in Length -

- Oil Cloth, not exceeding Yard Wide, the Ell -

- exceeding Yard Wide, the Ell, -

- Packduck. Vide Drilling.

Russia Linen, Plain viz.

- Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture; of RufTia, not exceeding iz{ Inches in Breadth, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells -

- Towelling and Napkining of the Manufacture of Russia, not exceeding

22^ Inches in Breadth, imported in a Foreign Ship, the 12O Ells -

w Narrow RufTia Linen, not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding 22* Inches in Breadth, imported in a British-built Ship* the 120 Ells - —— Narrow RufTia Linen, not otherwise enumerated, n<»t exceeding 22* Inches in Breadth, imported in a Foreign Ship, the 120 Ells — Linen Cloth and Diaper of RufTia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 22- Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 31! Inches, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells -

- Linen doth and Diaper of RufTia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding

22I Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 31J Inches, imported in a Foreign Ship, the 120 Ells -

- Linen Cloth and Diaper of RufTia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 3ii Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 36 Inches, imported in: British-built Ship, the 120 Elis -

Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding

3 li Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 36 Inches, imported in a Foreign Ship, the 120 Ells 1 — Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding

|6 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 45 Inches, imported in a Jpritish-built Ship, the 120 Ells -

- Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 45 Inches, imported in a 9 i Foreign Ship the 120 EUs -

> — Linen Cloth and Diaper of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 4; Inches in Breacjth, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 'Fils; -

- Linen Cloth and Dianer of Russia, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 43 Inches in Breadth, imported in a Foreign Ship, the 120

- Sail Cloth,.or Sail Duck of Holland or of any other of the United Provinces, not

exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

- Sail Clotly or Sail Duck of Holland or of any other of the United Provinces,

exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, imported

in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells — —' -

- Sail Cloth* or Sail Duck of Russia, not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, import-

ed in a Foreign Ship, "the 120 Ells -

m Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 Ells -

- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck of Russia, exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, imported in a Foreign Ship, the 120 Ells -

- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck not otherwise enumerated, not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

- Sail Cloth, or Sail Duck, not otherwise enumerated, exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

- r— Sail Cloth or Canvas of the Manufacture of Ireland, on which the Bounty of 4d.

the Yard has been there granted, being of the Value of I4d. the Yard or upwards, the Yard — # -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions concerning such Sail Clgth or Canvas, Vide 23 Geo. II, Cap. 32.

5

c

>5

18

II

>7

16

d.

11

11

2

*4

*5

>5

d.

10

7

3

6

a

1

t

7

7

11

it

11

it

5

S

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo /eptimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.) 305

INWARDS,

c

Linen! continued.

Sail Cloth, or Canvas, of the manufacture of Ireland, on which the Bounty of ad. the Yard has been there granted, being of the Value of iod. the Yard, and under the Value of 14-d. the Yard, the Yard -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, concerning such Sail Cloth,!or Canvas, Vide 23 Geo. II, Cap. 32.

- Sheet9 old, the Piece -

- *» Spanifhor Portugal Linen plain, viz.

- not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the Ell -

*- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the Ell -

- Turkey Linen. Vide Linen of Alexandria.

Linseed. Vide Seed.

Liquorice. Vide Grocery.

- ;——- Juice. Vide Succus Liquoritiae, under Drugs.

Litharge of Gold or Silver. Vide Drugs.

Litmus, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Litmus may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. ic,

Lobsters. V ide Fi£hk

Logwood. Vide Wood;

Lumber. Vide Wood. r

Lutestrings or Catlings, the Grofe containing Tvrelve Dozen Knots

Mace. Vide Grocery.

Madder, the Hundred Weight.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restri#ions, under which Madder may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. ic.

Madder Root. Vide Drugs*

Mahogany. Vide Wood.

Maize* Vide Corn.

Man, Isle of § .

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Bestials and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the Isle of Man (with Exceptions as to some Articles) may be imported directly from thence without Payment of Customs, Vide 5 Geo. III. Cap. 43.

Maps, the Map — — ~ *7- —, -

Marble* Vide Stones.

Mares. Vide Horses.

Marmalade. Vide Drugs.

Mails. Vide Wood.

Mats of Russia, viz.

imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred containing Five Scort* -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred containing Five Score -

Matting of Barbary or Portugal, the Yard -

- *—of Holland, the Yard — —' -

Meal. Vide Corn.

Mead, the Hogshead containing 63 Gallons — —* -

Medkrs, the Bush^l -

Melasses, viz.

- of and from the British Plantations in America, the Hundred Weight -

- not of and from the British Plantations in America, the Hundred Weight

Metal, viz.

- > Leaf (except of Leaf Gold), the Packet containing 2jo Leaves -

prepared for Battery, the Hundred Weight — — -7* -

Metheghn, the Hogshead containing 63 Gallons *-

Millboards. Vide Pasteboards, under Wood.

Millstones. Vide Stones.

Mohair Yarn. Vide Yarn.

Morels, the Pound Mofe, viz.

- Rock Mols for Dyers Use, the Ton containing Twenty Hundred Weight

Mum, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons — "

N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise,

Milliard Seed* Vide Seed*

c

-. t*

Duty* Drawback.

1* d. c s. d.

- 2 -

- 6 — 5

- 5 — 4t

8 7i

3 4 -

2 6 — 2 2

4 8

6 r- -

: ‘' j )

it — -r. 9 9

11 9 T" 9 9

- 5, ? 4t

2 " i-i

'8 — 7 10

2 4 4

3 — 2 8

11 9 T": v 11 5

v‘ 2 — — ii

r 1 r 11 I 8 11

- 8 1° " 7 10

1 i -, 1 k. '

- 1 2 1 -

" 5 -

" S 1 IO - r 7 r 10

306 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.

Doty

INWARDS.

Neats Tongues, the Dozen -

- of Ireland. Vide Beef.

Necklaces. Vide Bracelets.

Nicaragua Wood. Vide' Wood.

Nutmegs. Vide Grocery.

Nuts, viz.

- Chefniits, the Bushel -

- Small Nuts, the Bushel -

- Walnuts, the Bushel -

Oak Bark (when allowed to be imported),the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oak Bark may be imported, Vide 12 Geo. III. Cap. 50; and 24 Geo. III.

Sess. 2, Cap. 19.

Oak Boards. Vide Wood.

Oaker, the Bushel -

Oakham, the Hundred Weight -

Oak Plank. Vide Wood.

Oak Timber. Vide Wood.

Oars. Vide Wood.

Oats. Vide Com.

Oil, viz.

Sallad Oil, imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon — imported in a Foreign Ship, the Gallon

- Ordinary Oil of Olives, imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252

imported in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252

Gallons

1

- &ape and Lihfeed Oil, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

- Oil of Hemp Seed, or any other Seed Oil, not otherwise enumerated, the Ton

containing 252 Gallons -

- Train Oil, or Blubber, or Fish Oil, of Foreign Fishing, the Ton containing 252 Gallops

Train pil, dr Blubber, or Fish Oil, of British Fishing, viz. .—- ,.j i of Greenland and Parts adjacent, the Ton

containing 252 Gallons

« — 6f Greenland and Parts adjacent, taken by any Shipping belonging to His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations and imported in such Shipping, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

of Greenland and Parts adjacent, taken by any Shipping belonging

to His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations and imported in Shipping belonging to Great Britain, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oil, of Blupher of Whales, Seal Oil, or any other Produce of Seals or other Fish or Creatures taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, oy British Subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, may be imported in British-built Ships without paying any Duty, Vide 26 Gep. JII, Cap. 41. And for the Conditions, Regulations, and Rc-

ftrkftions, under which Oil, Head-Matter, or other Produce of Whales or other Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by thej^Jrew of any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the

Islands iof Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects utially residing therein respe&jvclv, may upon Importation into Great Britain

; be admitted to Entry and landed without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 26 Geoj III, Cap. 50.

of Newfoundland and like Sort, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

- i of Newfoundland and like Sort, taken by Shipping belonging to 1 any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations and imported match Shipping, j the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

of Newfoundland and like Sort, taken by Shipping belonging to any

j of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations and imported in Shipping belonging to Great Britain, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

N. B- £or jthe Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oil, or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, caught and taken on the j Banks'and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly j by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from His Majesty's

*5

12

---

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.) 307

INWARDS.

Duty. - Drawback.

£. s. d. - £. s. d.

Oil, continued*

European Dominions, and usually residing in the said Dominions, may be admitted to Entry Duty-free, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 26. And for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Oil, Head-matter, or other Produce of Whales or other Creatures living in the Seas, taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean, by the Crews of any Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by his Majesty's Subjects usually residing therein respectively, may upon Importation into Great Britain be admitted to Entry and landed without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

Oil Cloth. Vide Linen.

Olives, the Hogshead containing 63 Gallons - 1 15 3 - 1 11 3

---

Olive Wood. Vide Wood.

Onions, the Bushel -

Onion Seed. Vide Seed.

Oranges and Lemons, the Thousand -

Orchal, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Orchal may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Orchclia, or Archelia, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions< under which Or-chelia may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Orfcdew, the dozen Pounds -

Oitrich Feathers. Vide Feathers.

Outnal Thread. Vide Thread.

Oysters. Vide Fish*

Packthread, the Hundred Pounds -

Paling Boards. Vide Wood.

Pails of Wood or Kits of Wood, the Dozen -

Painters Colours of all Sorts, not otherwise enumerated, the Pound Paper, viz.

- Atlas, ordinary, the Ream -

- fine, the Ream -

- Bastard, or double Copy, the Ream -

- Blue Royal, the Ream -

- Blue Paper, for Sugar Bakers, the Ream -

- Brown Paper, the Bundle containing 40 Quires -

- Brown Cap. the Ream -

Cap. viz.

- Fool’s Cap. fine, the Ream -

- ~ Fool’s Cap. second, the Ream -

- Genoa Fool’s Cap. fine, the Ream- -

- Genoa Fool’s Cap. second, the Ream -

«— German Fool’s Cap. the Ream -

- Fine Printing FooPs Cap. the Ream -

- Second ordinary Printing Fool’s Cap. the Ream

Cartridge Paper, the Ream

- Chancery double, the Ream

Crown* viz*

Fine Genoa Crown, the Ream -

- Second Genoa Crown, the Ream -

- German Crown, the Ream -

- Fine Printing Crown, the Ream -

- Second Ordinary Printing Crown, the Ream

- Demy, viz.

- Demy, fine, the Ream -

- Demy, Second, the Ream " -

- Genoa Demy, fine, the Ream -

- Genoa Demy, Second, the Ream -

- German Demy, the Ream -

- Printing Demy, the Ream -

- Elephant, Ordinary, the Ream -

- Fine, the Ream -

27 Geo. III. S f

Put f, Drawback.

S' d\ £ s. d'

lS 3 I 11 3

3 — 2i

4 5 — 3 iy

6 4

3 1 -

6 5: 3

*3 3 — 11 9

r 10 — 1 8

- 2 -

8 to -

S 2 -

5 4 -

8 6 -

7 1 -

2 11 -

4 11 -

6 2 -

5 4 -

4 7 -

3 9 -

3 9 -

3 9 -

3 4 -

5 9 -

5 -

4 7 -

3 9 -

3 9 -

3 9 -

3 4 -

13 6 -

11 — !— -

6 9 I— -

5 11 I— -

5 11 11 \. -

6 2 -

12 3 -

5 4

---

308 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Paper, continued.

Duty. - Drawback.

£. s. d. - £. s. d.

- Fool's Cap. Vide Cap Paper.

- Imperial Fine, the Ream - 2 5 2

- Second Writing, the Ream - 1 16 11

- Lombard, viz. German Lombard, the Ream - 0 3 9

- Medium, viz.

---

- Medium Fine, the Ream -

- Second Writing Medium, the Ream -

- Genoa Medium Fine, the Ream -

- Genoa Medium Second, the Ream -

- Post, viz.

- Small Post, the Ream *— -

- Fine Large Post, weighing Fifteen Pounds per Ream, or upwards* the

- Fine Large Post, weighing under Fifteen Pounds per Ream, the Ream

1 Pot, viz.

- Fine Genoa Pot, the Ream -

- Second Genoa Pot, the Ream -

- Ordinary Pot, the Ream — —*

- Superfine Pot, the Ream -

- Second Fine Pot, the Ream -

- Pressing Paper, the Hundred Weight -

- Royal, viz.

- Royal Fine, the Ream -

- Super Royal Fine, the Ream — —' -

- Second Writing Royal, the Ream -

- Second Writing Super Royal, die Ream -

- Genoa Royal Fine, the Ream -

- Genoa Royal Second, the Ream -

- Fine Holland Royal, the Ream -

- Second Fine Holland Royal, the Ream *— -

- Ordinary Royal, the Ream -

Parchment, the Dozen containing Twelve Sheets -

Pasteboards or Millboards. Vide Wood.

Paving Stones. Vide Stones.

Pearls. Vide Diamonds.

Pears, the Bushel -

Pears, dried, the Bushel -

Pease. Vide Corn.

Pebble Stones. Vide Stones.

Pelts. Vide Skins.

'Pepper. Vide Grocery.

- Guinea Pepper. Vide Drugs.

- Long Pepper. Vide Drugs.

Perry, the 1 on containing 252 Gallons — *— -

N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Pewter, Old, the Hundred Weight -

Pickled Cucumbers. Vide Cucumbers.

Pickles of all Sorts not otherwise described and enumerated, the Gallon — Pidiifes of Four Feet Square, or upwards, the Picture -

- imported by the East India Company, the Picture -

Pictures of Two Feet Square, and under Four Feet Square, the Picture -

- imported by the East India Company, the Picture -

Pictures under Two Feet Square, the Picture -

- imported by the East India Company, the Picture -

Pimento. Vide Grocery.

Pitch, not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Lift containing 12 Barrels, each Biyrrel not

exceeding 31 4 Gallons -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not

exceeding 31 t Gallons -

- of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31-*-

Plauk. Vide Wood.

£A

r d. C s. i.

5 16 3 2 11 9 TTT -

16 2 -. - mmm

12 11 -

(O S -

9 1 -

5 1 -

8 7 7 9 -

3 3 4 4 -

3 5 4 4 ___

4 7 -

12 10 -

5 4 -

11 11 -

1 3 -

S 4 -

*4 *3 5 1 — 1 "

r4 5

11 -

7 9 -

4 9

1 5 1 3

9 8

8 7 7

»3 9 — 12 6

- 9 — — 7

11 6 -

17 -

7 8 -

11 3 4 10 -

5 8

12 5 — II 2

x3 1 — II 2

11 — — 9 9

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 1

INWARDS.

Plants of Ireland. Vide Wood.

Plaster of Paris, the Hundred Pounds -

Platting or other Manufacture of Bast, Straw, Chip, Cane, or Horse-hair, to be used in or proper for making Hats or Boijnets, the Pound -

Plateof Silver ungilt, the Ounce Troy -

- imported oy the East India Company, the Ounce Troy -

Plate of Silver part gilt, the Ounce Troy -

- imported by the East India Company, the Ounce Troy -

Plate of Silver gilt, the Ounce Troy -

- imported by the East India Company, the Ounce Troy -

Plate wrought of Gold, the Ounce Troy -

- imported by the East India Company, the Ounce Troy -

Plate battered, fit only to be re-manufactured. Vide Bullion.

Platters of Wood, the Shock containing Sixty -

Plumbs, dried. Vide Grocery.

Polonia Wool. Vide Wool.

Pomegranates, the Thousand -

Pomegranate Peels. Vide Drugs.

Pom ice Stones. Vide Stones.

Pork, from Ireland.

N.B. For the free Importation of faked Pork from Ireland, Vide 8 Geo. III.

Cap. 9; and 16 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

Potatoes, the Hundred Weight -

Pots, viz. Melting Pots for Goldsmiths, the Hundred -

Powder of Sago. V ide Sago Powder.

Powder of Brass for Japanning, the Ounce -

Powder. Vide Gunpowder.

Powder, viz. Hair Powder, the Hundred Weight -

Precious Stones. Vide Diamonds.

Prints, viz. Paper4Prints, the Piece -

Prunes. Vide Grocery.

Prunelloes. Vide Drugs.

Puddings. Vide Sausages.

Quarters. Vide Wood.

Quern Stones. Vide Stones.

Quills, viz. Goose Quills, the/Thousand -

- Swan Quills, the Thousand -

Quinces, the Hundred containing 5 Score -

Rags old, old Ropes, or Junks, or old Fishing Net9> fit Only for the making Paper or Pasteboard.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which these Articles may be imported, without paying any Duty for the same, Vide 11 Geo. I, Cap. 7.

Rat fins. Vide Grocery.

Rape of Grapes, the Ton containing 2C2 Gallons -

Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed.

N.B. Under the Geo. III. Cap. 34., all Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed, commonly used for the Purpose of Manure, may be imported from Ireland, Duty-free.

Rape Seed. Vide Seed.

Rattans. Vide Canes.

RedWood. Vide Wood.

Red Wool. Vide Wool.

Reeds. Vide Canes.

Rennet, the Gallon -

Rice, the Hundred Weight -

- imported by the East India Company, the Hundred Weight -

Rice, of the Growth and Production of any of the British Plantations in America, imported for the Purpose of Exportation into the Ports of Plymouth, Exeter,

Poole, Southampton, Chichester, Sandwich, and Glasgow, and the Members thereunto belonging, and into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Rice may be so imported and the remaining Duties thereon secured by Bond of the Importer, Vide j Geo. III. Cap. 45; and 12 Geo. III. Cap. 60.

M S (2

Duty.

£ s. d.

- I 1

- I ro

- 2 2

- 3 3

- 2 4

- 3 7

- 2 6

- 3 IO

I 10 -

2 7 8

- 2 9

8 10

3 8

- 7

- 2

5 S 8

6

6

- 2 -

1 10

5 8 11

2i

- 7 4

8 10

- 8 *.

3- (A-)

Drawback.

C S. d. — — 8 - 1 8

- 26

- 710

- 1 8

- 1 7

4 8 n

- 74 — 8 10

3io C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Rock Moss. Vide Moss.

Ropes new. Vide Cordage.

Ropes old. Vide Rags.

Rosa Solis. Vide Spirits.

Rosin, of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, the Hundred Weight -

Rosin, not of the Produdi of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight -

Rosin, not of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, imported in Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight Round Wood. Vide Wood.

Rubies. Vide Diamonds.

Rugs, viz. Irish Rugs, the Piece — — — *—

Rum. Vide Spirits.

Rye. Vide Corn.

Saflower, the Pound — — *-

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Sa flower may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Saffron. Vide Drugs.

Sago Powder.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Sag<

Powder may be imported from any of His Majesty Colonies in North Ame rica without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 7 Geo. III. Cap. 30\ and 2i Geo. III. Cap. 29.

Sail Cloth. Vide Linen.

Salt, viz.

- to be used in curing of Fish, imported in a British-built Ship, the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel being 84 Pounds -

- to be used in curing of Fish, imported in a Foreign Ship, the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel being 84 Pounds -

- not for curing of Fish, imported in a British-built Ship, the Wey containing

40 Bushels, each Bushel being 84 Pounds -

- not for curing of Fish, imported in a Foreign Ship, the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel being 84 Pounds -

- imported from the Island-s of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, to be used in curing Fish, the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel being 84 Pounds -

- imported from the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, not for

curing Fish, the Wey containing 40 Bushels, each Bushel being 84 Pounds N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the Importer or Proprietor of any Foreign Salt may fecuiethe whole Duties of Customs by Bond, and under which, 011 the Exportation thereof, the Bond having been first discharged in Money, the Exporter shall be allow Drawback of all the Duties of Customs, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 26.

Salt is all'o subject to the Duties on Salt under the Management of the Commissioners of that Revenue.

Salt Petre, the Hundred Weight -

- imported by the East India Con pany, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the whole Duties of Customs may be draw n back on Salt Petre uitd and consumed in making Oil of Vitriol, Vide 23 Geo. III. Cap. 775 and 26 Geo. III. Cap. 53.

Sark, Island of Vide Jersey, Island of.

Saufjges, or Puddings, the Pound -

Scale-boards. V ide Boards under Wood.

Scarlet Powder. Vide Grain Powder.

Scoops of Wood, the Dozen -

Sea Mode Teeth, or Sea Horse Teeth, the Pound -

Seeds, viz.

- Agnus C aft us Seed. Vide Drugs.

- Amcos Seed. Vide Drugs.

- Amomi Seed. Vide, Drugs.

- Canary Seed, the Hundred Weight -

Duty. Drawback.

U d. £ X. i.

- I. 6 — 1 4

2 3 — 2 1

- 2 4 — 2 1

- 3 — — 2 8

1!

- 5 11 — 5 3

- 6 3 — 5 3

- 11 5 — 10 9

- 11 9 — 10 9

- 5 11 — S 3

11 S 10 9

2 3 1 9

7. 9 7 3

- 1 — — 3

11 10

8 7

16, A 14, 7

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.)

INWARDS.

Seeds, continued.

- Carraway Seed. Vide Drugs.

- Carthamus Seed. Vide Drugs.

- Clover Seed, the Hundred Weight — —»

- Cole Seed, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

Coriander Seed. Vide Drugs.

- Cummin Seed. Vide Drugs.

- Fennel Seed. Vide Drugs.

- Hemp Seed, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

- Linseed.

N.B. For the Exemption from Duty on Linseed, Vide 3 Geo. I, Cap. 7.

Lucern Seed, the Hundred Weight -

- Maw Seed, the Hundred Weight -

- Millet Seed, the Hundred Weight -

- Mustard Seed, the Hundred Weight -

- Onion Seed, the Hundred Weight -

- Piony Seed. Vide Drugs.

Poppy Seed. Vide Drugs.

- Rape Seed, the Quarter containing 8 Bushels -

- Rape Seed and all other Seeds commonly made use of for the Purpose of

extracting Oil therefrom, being of the Growth of Ireland and imported from thence, the Last containing 10 Quarters, each Quarter containing 8 Bushels — — _ -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Seed may be imported on Payment of the Duty of One Shilling the Last,

Vide 15 Geo. III. Cap. 34.

»— Semen Cucumeris, Cucurb, Citron, or Melons. Vide Drugs.

- Thlafpii Semen. Vide Drugs.

- Seeds for Gardens. Vide Drugs.

Shaving for Hats. Vide Platting.

Sheep from Ireland.

N.B. For the Exemption from Duty on Cattle from Ireland, Vide 5 Geo. III.

Cap. 10; and 16 Geo. III. Cap. 8.

Sheeps Guts dried to make Whips, the Gross containing 12 Dozen -

Sheeps Wool. Vide Wool.

Shovels of Wood unfliod, the Dozen -

Shruff or old Brass, fit only to be re-manufactured, the Hundred Weight -

Shumac, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Shumac may be. entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. ic.

Sider. Vide Cider.

Silk, viz.

- Organzine, and all thrown Silk in the Gum, the Pound containing 16 Ounces

Drawback,

- if exported to Ireland, the Pound containing 16 Ounces -

- exported (except to Ireland), the Pound containing 16 Ounces -

Raw Silk, the Pound containing 16 Ounces -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound containing 16

Ounces -

Drawback,

- if exported to Ireland, the Pound containing 16 Ounces

exported (except to Ireland), the Pound containing 16 Ounces

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Raw Silk of the Growth and Culture of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America may be imported directly from thence into the Port of 1 London without paying any Duty, Vide 23 Geo. II, Cap. 20.

Silk Knobs or Husks of Silk, the Pound containing 16 Ounces -

- Thrown Silk dyed, the Pound containing 16 Ounces -

Drawback,

- if exported to Ireland, the Pound containing 16 Ounces -

- 7 exported (except to Ireland), the Pound containing 16 Ounces

Silk wrought, viz.

* - Crapes or Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy, imported from thence in British-built Ships, the Pound containing 16 Ounces -

c Dut J. r- d. Di c. rawb Sv ack. d.

2 9 _ 2 6

f3 3 12 9.

- 9 3 — 9 2

- 2 9 — 2 6-

- *5 5 — <4 -

- 4 5 — 4 -

- r- 2 3 — 2 -

""" l7 8 15 8

- 13 3 — 12 9

- 1 -

6 5

- 2 9 — 2 6

*3 3 — r 1 9

t 5 A—

7 4 *

- _ - 6 11

- 6 5

- 3 -

- 3 -

- 1 — 2 .10

2

_ 4 3i

I 4 9 -

- I 2 3

1 1 9

I *3 5 1 4

i I 5 9 I 4 -

312 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Silver. Vide Plate.

Sifters Thread. Vide Thread.

Skeets for Whitfters, the Skeet.

Skms and Furs, viz.

- Armin or Ermin Skins undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- Badger Skins undressed, the Piece.

- Bear Skins White undressed, the Piece -

- Bear Skins of any other Colour undressed, the Piece -

- Beaver Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Beaver Skins from any of His Majesty's Dominion in America, the Skin

- Beaver Wombs, the Piece -

- Buck or Deer Skins undressed, the Skin -

- Buck or Deer Skins Indian Half-drest, the Pound. — «r-

- Calabar Skins tawed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- Calabar Skins untavved or undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- Calve Skins of Ireland undressed, the Dozen -

- Calve Skins of any other Country undressed, the Dozen -

N- B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Calve Skins raw or undressed may be imported from Ireland, or any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 9 Geo. III. Cap. 39; and 21 Geo. III. Cap. 29.

- ‘Calve Skins, tanned, the Pound -

Cat Skins undressed, the Hundred Skins -

- Coney Skins, the Dozen -

- Cordivants dressed, viz.

- imported by the East India Company, the Dozen -

- of Turkey, the Dozen -

- of Spain, the Dozen -

- Deer Skins. Vide Buck Skins.

- Dog Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Dog Fish Skins undressed, the Dozen -

- Elk Skins undressed, the Skin -

- Ermin. Vide Armin.

- Fisher Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Fitches undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- 1- Fox Skins black undressed, the Skin -

- Fox Skins of all other Sorts undressed, the Skin -

- Goat Skins of Ireland undressed, the Dozen -

- * Goat Skins of any other Country undressed, the Dozen -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which raw or undressed G(*U Skins may be imported in British-built Ships, from any Port or Place whatever, without paying Duty, Vide 15 Geo. III. Cap. 35: and 26 Geo. III. Cap. 53.

- Goat Skins tanned, the Dozen -

Hare Skins undressed., the 120 -

- Hufle Skins undreflec), the Skin -

- imported by the East India Company, the Skin -

- Kid Skins in the Hair, the too containing 5 Score -

- Kid Skins dressed, the 100 containing 5 Score -

- Lamb Skins undressed in the Wool, the 120 -

- Lamb Skins dressed in Alum, the 100 containing 5 Score -

- Lamb Skins dressed in Oil, the 100 containing 5 Score -

- Slink Lamb Skins undressed in the Wool, the 120 -

- Leopard Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Lion Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Martins or Martrons undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- Martins or Martrons 'Fails, undressed, the 120 -

- Minks Skins tawed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- Minks Skins untawed or undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- Mole Skins undressed, the Dozen -

- Moose Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Mufquafh Skins undressed, the roo Skins -

- Otter Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Ounce Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Panther Skins undressed, the Piece -

1 — Pelts of Goats dressed, the Dozen -

Duty. Drawback.

J. d. £ S. d.

- 3 -

11 — — IO '

- 7 — — 6

11 — IO -

5 6 — 5 -

si -

- 1 -

- Si -

- 9, — — 7i

- 4* — —- 3i

2 3 — 2 -

1 to — 1 8

1 10 — 1 8

2 9, 1 2 6

, — 4* *—

11 — 10 -

- 3i — 3

3 6 — x4 9

16 2 — 7 6

16 4 I 5 9

- 2

2 — — 1 9

1 8 — 1 6

1 4i — 1 3

3 8 — 3 4

l5 — 2 10 -

, — 4t — — 4

1 10 — 1 8

5 6, 5

- 11 — — (O

- 1 2* — — ij

- 2 — — 1 i

19 3 — 6 3

4 9 — 11 3

2 9 — 2 6

x4 8 — 5 10

- 4 4i I 1 8

r 1 3

6 11 — 6 3

2 9 — 2 6

lS — 2 10 -

11 — — 10 ;—

2 — I -

16 6 — *5

- 2 — — li

2 9 — 2 6

13 9 — 12 6

1 S — 1 3 1!

3 6 — 3

5 6 — 5 -

2 9 " 2 6

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.)

INWARDS.

Skins and Furs, continued.

- Pelts of Goats undressed, the Dozen -

- Pelts of all other Sorts undressed, the 100 -

- Raccoon Skins undressed, the Hundred Skins -

- Sables undressed, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- Sables Tails or Tips of Sable undressed, the Piece -

- Seal Skins undressed, the Skin -

- Seal Skins caught and taken wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on any

Fishery from any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, and usually residing in the said Colonies or Plantations, and imported in British-built Ships, the Skin.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the Skins of Seals, caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland, and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said P'ilhery from His Majesty's European Dominions and usually residing in the said Dominions, may be admitted to Entry, Duty-free, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 26. And for the Conditions, Regulations, and Re-" ftri&ions, under which Seal Skins, taken and caught in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Streights, or in the Seas adjacent, by British Subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man-, may be imported in British-built Ships without Payment of any Duty, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 41. And also, for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, % under which the Skins of Seals, taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing therein respectively, may upon Importation into Great Britain, be admitted to Entry and landed without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

- Sheep Skins undressed in the Wool, the Dozen -

Sheep Skins dressed in Oil, the Dozen -

- Sheep Skins other wise dressed, the Dozen -

- Squirrel Skins undressed Vide Calabar Skins.

- Swan Skins undressed, the Piece —, -

Tyger Skins undressed, the Piece -

- Weasel Skins undressed, the 120 -

- Wolf Skins tawed, the Piece -

- Wolf Skins untawed or undressed, the Piece -

- Wolverings undressed, the Skin -

Slates in Frames. V ide Stones.

Slide Stones, Vide Stones.

Slude, the Pound -

Smalts, the Pound -

Snuff, imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

- from the British Plantations in America or the Spanish West Indies, the

Pound -

- from any other Place, the Pound -

Soap, viz.

- Hard Soap, the Hundred Weight -

- Soft Soap, the Hundred Weight — — "

Soapers Wade.

N.B. Under the 18 Geo. II, Cap. 22, Soapers Waste may be imported without paying any Duty.

Spanish Wool. Vide Wool.

Spars. V ide W ood.

Speckled \yood. Vide Wood.

Spelter, the Hundred Weight -

Spinal fine, to make Gause, the Pound -

Spinnel short. Vide Incle.

Spirits, viz.

- Arrack, imported by the East India Company, the Gallon -

- Brandy, of any Country or Place, the Gallon -

*— Citron Water, the Gallon -

- Geneva, the Gallon -

- Hungary Water, the Gallon -

» Rosa Solis, the Gallon -

Duty. Drawback.

J. d. £ r. d.

I 4* — 1 3

8 3 — 7 6

*3 9 — 12 6

5 — 7 IO{

7 — 6

6 S

2 1

10 9

4 9 — 2 6

2 6 — 1 8

- 11 — — 10

2 9 — 2 6

- 11 — — .10

8 3 — 7 6

6 4 — 5 9, 1

’ 3 6 3

- 4 — 3i

3 3 -

- 1 6 -

2 2 -

4 -

17 5 »

" 13 9 — r 2 6

- 2 9 2 6

- 9. 8

- 9 — — 8

- s 8 — 5 1

- 5 — — 4

- 2 10 — 7 7

- 2 10 I 2 7

314 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Spirits, continued.

Rum, viz.

- of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Gallon -

- Foreign Rum, the Gallon —- — % -

- Visney, the Gallon -

- Usquebaugh, the Gallon -

Cordial Water, Strong Water, or other Spirits, not otherwise described and

enumerated, the Gallon -

N.B. Spirits are also subject to the Duty of Excise. t Spokes for Wheels. V ide Wood.

Spunges. Vide Drugs.

Starch, the Hundred Weight -

Staves. Vide Wood.

Steel, viz. Gad Steel, the Hundred Weight -

- Long Steel, the Hundred Weight -

- Whifp Steel, the Hundred Weight -

- Steel Wire. Vide Wire.

Stock Fish. Vide Fish.

Stones, viz.

- Dog Stones, not exceeding Four Feet in Diameter, above Six Inches in Thickness, and under Twelve Inches in Thickness, the Lall containing Three Pair -

- Emery Stones, the Hundred Weight -

- Emery Stones, of Turkey, imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight Grave Stones, of Marble unpo ished, the Foot square superficial Measure

Grave Stones, of Marble polished, the Foot square superficial Measure -

- Grave Stones, not of Marble polished or unpolished, the Foot square super-

, ficial Measure -

- Marble Balons, Tables, Mortars, and other polished Marble (except Grave

Stones, and Paving Stones polished), the Foot square superficial Measure

- Marble Blocks, the (olid Foot -

- Marble Paving Stones rough, the Foot square superficial Measure -

- Marble Paving Stones polished, the Foot square superficial Measure -

- Mill Stones, above Four Feet in Diameter, or if Twelve Inches in Thickness

or upwards, the Piece -

- Paving Stones, not of Marble, the Foot square superficial Measure -

- Pebble Stones, the Ton -

- Precious Stones. Vide Diamonds,

- Pomice Stones, the Ton -

Quern Stones large, Three Feet in Diamater and not above Four Feet in

Diameter, and not exceeding Six Inches in Thickness, the Last containing Three Pair -

- Quern Stones small, under Three Feet in Diameter, and not exceeding

Six Inches in Thickness, the Last containing Three Pair -

- Slates in Frames, the Dozen -

- Slick Stones, the Hundred containing Five Score -

- Tables of Slate without Frames, the Piece -

- Whctstones, the Hundred -

Straw Plats or Bonnets. V ide Hats.

Stuffs of all Sorts made of or mixed with Wool, the Yard -

Sturgeon. Vide Fifti.

Succades Wet $>r Dry, the Pound -

- imported by the Halt India Company, the Pound -

Succus Liquoritix. Vide Drugs.

Sugar. Vide Grocery.

Sugar Candy. V ide Grocery.

Sweet Wood. Vide Wood.

Swingles, the Gross containing 12 Dozen -

Tables of Marble Vide Stones.

Tables of Slate. Vide Stones.

Tails of Cows, the Hundred containing 5 Score — —^ -

Tallow, the Hundred Weight -

N- B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Tallow may be imported Duty-free, Vide 7 Geo. III. Cap. 12; und 26 Geo. III.

Cap. j3.

Duty. Drawback,

X. d. C s., d

5 5

7 6

- 2 10 2 7

- 2 IO — 2 7

- 2 to — 2 7

; 5 8 -

E $ 2 2 8

- 12 8 — (1 11

- 12 8 11 11

: n 8 7 12 2

1 10 — 1 7

1 11 — 1 7

ij — — r

- 2

- 0} -

t — — — 10

2 — — 1 10

- 11 — — 1

- 2! — — 2

4 — 1 l9 w

- 0; — —*

S 6 —. 5 -

3 — — 2 8

'9 10 — 17 6

» 11 — 8 9

- t 1 1 11 — — 10

hi 4 6 — 3 5 3

3 8 — 3

s 6 — 4 10

- 8 7 5

I 6 1

16 6 — 15

2 9 2 6

1 4'

A.D. 1757. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.

INWARDS.

Tar, not being the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, viz.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel

not exceeding 31£ Gallons -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel

not exceeding 3 if Gallons -

- of the Product of any of the Dominions or Plantations of the Crown of Great Britain, the Last containing 12 Barrels, each Barrel not exceeding 31 i Gal-

Tarras, the Bushel — — —; -

Tazels, the Thousand -

Teeth. Vide Elephants Teeth, and Seamorfc Teeth.

Thread, viz.

- Bridges Thread, the Dozen Pounds -

- Crossbow Thread, the Hundred Pounds -

- Outnal Thread, the Dozen Pounds -

- Packthread. Vide in P.

- Sifters Thread, the Pound -

- Whited-brown Thread, the Dozen Pounds -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Thread and other Manufactures made of Hemp or Flax in Ireland, may be imported directly from thence without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 7 and 8 Will. Ill, Cap. 39; and 16 Geo. II, Cap. 26.

Thrurabs of Linen or Fustian, the round -

- of Woollen, the Pound -

Tiles. Vide Earthen Ware-Timber. Vide Wood.

Tin, the Hundred Weight -

Tinglass the Hundred Weight -

Tobacco, viz.

- of the Growth, Production, of Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions

of Spain or Portugal, the Pound -

» — of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or of the Growth or Production of

His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the Duties on Tobacco of the Growth or Production of Ireland, of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, in America, or Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States in America, may be secured by Bond, Vide 19 Geo. III. Cap. 35 & 25 Geo. III. Cap. 81; and 26 Geo. III. Cap. 52.

Tongues. Vide Neats Tongues.

Tortoise Shell, the Pound -

Tow, the Hundredweight *-

Tow of Muscovy or Russia, imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight Trays of Wood, the Shock containing 60 -

Treacle Common. Vide Drugs.

- of Venice. Vide Drugs.

Trenchers of Wood, the Gross containing 12 Dozen -

Trunnels or Treenails, the Thousand -

Truffles, the Pound -

Tubs of Wood, the Dozen -

Turbots. Vide Fish.

Turpentine. Vide Drugs.

Twuic, the Hundred Weight -

Twiftfor Bandftrings, the Dozen Knots -

Valonia, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Valonia may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 1 c.

Vellum, the Skin -

Verdigrease. Vide Drugs.

Vermacelli, the Pound -

N. B For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which 27 G« o. III. T t

C. 13. (A.)

Duty.

Drawback.

X. d. £ s d.

12 4l — 11 ik

<3 1 — 11 il

If. _ _ 9 9

6 — — S

I 2 — 1

9 11 ___ 8 9

14 8 — *3

17 I8 — 6 2

| 2 9 — 2 41

l7 8 >5 8

n _ 1

1 s 2

1 13 L __ -

>3 3 ti 9

3 6 — 3 3

I 3 — 1 3

1 2 3 9 — 1 2 6'

2 11 — 2 6

4 S 11 3 11 10

2 3 — 2 -

2 3 — 2 -

5 A

11 — — 9 9

2 3 I_r* m 2

1 3 2

2 — — 11

C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Vermacelli may be entered from any of His Majesty's Colonies ia North] America without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 7 Geo. III. Cap. 30; and ti Geo. III. Cap 29.

Dfers. Vide Wood.

Vinegar, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

Vinelloes, the Pound -

Virginal Wire. Vide Wire.

Visney, Vide Spirits.

Usquebaugh. Vide Spirits.

Wafers, the Pound — — ~ —*

Wainscot Hoards. Vide Wood.

Wainscot Logs. Vide Wood.

Water, viz.

- > Cordial Water. Vide Spirits.

- Spa Water, or Pynnont Water, and all other Mineral or Natural Water,| the Dozen Bottles or Flasks, each Bottle or Fiafk not exceeding Three

Wax, viz.

- Bees Wax White, or manufactured, the Hundred Weight -

- Bees Wax unmanufactured, the Hundred Weight -

- Hard Wax, the Pound.

- Bay or Myrtle Wax, the Pound — —* -

Weld, the Hundred Weight -

Whale Fins, viz.

- of Foreign Fishing, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

- of British Fishing, imported in Shipping belonging to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight — — # -

fc—f — of British Fishing, imported in Shipping belonging to Great Britain, the

Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight — — — j

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Whole FinSj taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, or Davis’s Strei|;!us, or in the aeas adjacent, by British Subjects usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Terfey, or Man, may be imported without paying any Duty, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 41. And for the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions* under which Fins of Whales, taken and caught in any Part of the Ocean, by the Crew of any Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, wholly owned by His Majesty's Subjects usually residing] therein respectively, are upon Importation into Great Britain to be admitted to Entry and landed without Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 50.

Wheat. Vide Corn.

Wheat Flour. Vide Corn.

Whetstones. Vide Slones.

Whipcord, the Pound — —*

Whisk Brooms. Vide Brooms.

White Lead. Vide Drugs.

Wine,

- » Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, viz.

- imported into any Port of Great Britain in a British-built Ship, the Ton

containing 252 Gallons -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines not otherwise enumerated, viz.

- imported into the Port of London, in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- having been imported into the Port of London, and exported Jo any

British Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton containing 252-Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

Doty.

Drawback.

£ r. d. c s. d.

32 18 10 7 ri

8 3 7 6

- 6 — — 5

1 10 1 8

3 2 4 3 1 4

1 1 ( 7 1 10 7

i— 1 3 1

- ~ - 4 10 — 31

97 18 — 88 18 -

2 *5 — 1 (O -

1 7 6

w— — 2 — — IT

33 12

37 l6 -

r — ~ 53 12 -

29 7 6

*9 12 i __

22 8 1 -

_ 19 12

- U 9 -

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.)

INWARDS*

Wine, continued.

- Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines not otherwise enumerated, viz.

- imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, ir. a Eritiill-built Ship, the Ton containing 2$2 Gallons -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 2^2 Gallons -

- having been imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, and exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

Wine entered for Prilage, viz — — Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, viz.

imported into any Port of England, in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

exported to any L’ritiih Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place', the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- Portugal, Madeira, Spanish, and all other Wines not otherwise enumerated, viz.

- imported into the Port of London in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- having been imported into the Port of London, and exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton containing 252 Gallons ----- exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

- imported into any Port of England, except the Port of London, in a

British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

- in a. Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 251 Gallons

having been imported into any Port of England, except tl __________

London, and exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

N.B. Wine isalfo subject to the Duty of Excise.

Wine Lees, subjc& to the same Duty as Wine; but no Drawback is to be allowed for any Lees of Wine exported.

Wire, viz.

- Brass or Copper Wire not otherwise enumerated, the Hundred Weight

- Iron Wire, the Hundred Weight — — —* -

- Latten Wire, the Hundred Weight — -r-

- Steel Wire, the Pound -

- Virginal Wire of Brass, the Hundred Weight -

- of Iron, the Hundred Weight — *—

Woad, viz.

- Green Woad, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

- Thouloufe Woad, the Hundred Weight — — —*

Wood, viz.

- Anchor Stocks.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Piece

in a Foreign Ship, the Piece -

Vide the Notes infected at the End of Wood!

- Balks, Five Inches Square and under Eight Inches Square, or if 24. Feet in

Length or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- Under Five Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood,

- Barrel Staves. Vide Staves.

- Battens, 8 Feet in Length and not exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not

above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding *1 Inches Thickness,

r— imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

» - in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

7r 12

Duty. Drawback.

c % s. d. C s. I

16 16

l9 12

-. u 16 16

" J *3 13

24 6 9 -

27 1 9 '

- 1 *4 6 9

20 13

7 ii -

16 4 6 -

- f4 7 11

- 11 18 1

12 11 2 _ -

4 7 11

n - - 12 ir 2

10 5

2 12 3 2 9

2 *7 9 2 14 -

2 *3 2 9 8

- 10 —- — 9

7 6 11 6 12 11

7 8 — 6 H -

1 *3 1 5 6

3 8 2 10

2 3 2 1

2 4 2 1

2 13 z IC 6

2 *4 S 2 10 6

1 1 3 1 — 3

1 1 9 1 3

1 6 6 1 5 3

1 7 3 1 5 3

C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS. Doty. Drawback.

Wood, continued. — — Battens, viz. exceeding 20 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, or if exceeding Inches in Thickness, c r. d. £ x. d.

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — — 2 *3 — 2 10 6

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — — Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. Batten Ends, under 8 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 21 Inches in Thickness, 2 *4 5 2 10 6

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — — 8 to — 8 5

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — — ceeding t \ Inches in Thickness, 9 1 8 5

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — — 17 8 — 16 10

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood* - Beech Boards. Vide Boards. — Beech Plank, 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, — imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 18 2 16 10

Cubic Feet — — in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 *3 3 12 3

Cubic Feet — — — Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. Beech Quarters, 5 Inches Square and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards, — imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — l3 9 12 3

2 *3 — 2 10 6

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — — under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, 2 *4 5 2 10 6

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — I 1 3 I — 3

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. f Boards, viz. Beech Boards, under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under ic Feet in Length, I X 9 r 3

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 1 6 5 1 4 5

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -7-Length or upwards, I 7 6 T 4 5

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — 2 12 to 2 8 (O

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches Square, 2 l3 11 2 8 10

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — I — — — 19 6

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — — Linn Boards or White Boards for Shoemakers, under Feet in. Length, and under 6 Inches in Thickness, I 2 *9 6

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 I *9 8 1 16 8

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — Thicknefc, 2 1 .3 r 16 8

- imported in a British-built Ship, the no 3 r9 4 3 *3 4

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — Millboards. VidePasteboards. Oak Boards, under 2 Inches in Thickness, and under ic Feet in Length, 4 11 3 l3 4

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — 2 12 10 2 8 10

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — or upwards, 2 lS 2 8 10

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 - — 5 5 8 4 l7 8

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — «— Pailing Boards hewed on one Side, and not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, 5 7 10 4 *7 8*

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — 5 — 4 10

- S I —: 4 10

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.) 519

INWARDS. Duty. Drawback.

1 Wood, continued, », — Boards, viz. - PaiJing Boards hewed on one Side, and exceeding 7 Feet in Length# I s. d. £ s d.

- * imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 IC 1 —— 9 8

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — *—- Paste Boards, or Mill Boards, —— imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred 10 1 9 8

Weight — — in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred 10 — — 9 8

Weight — —, Pipe Boards, above £ Feet 3 Inches in Length and not exceeding 8 Feet in length, and under 8 Jnchcs Square, 10 2 9 8

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — I 10 — I 9 6

ina Foreign Ship, the 120 — Square, 1 10 3 I 9 6

*— imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 3 — _ 2 19 -

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — +—— Scale Boards, — imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred 3 3 2 '9

Weight - in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight ~ —— Wainscot Boards, the Inch or Foot, containing 12 Feet in Length, and 1 Inch in Thickness, and To in Proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness, — 11 11 1 — 10 10 11 11

- imported in a British-built Ship - 9 — — 8

in a Foreign Ship — —4 ——-White Boards. Vide Linn Boards for Shoemakers-Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. — Broom Spars. Vide Spars. — Boxwood, imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 20 Hundred 9^ 8

Weight - — in a Foreign Ship, the Ton- containing 20 Hundred 2 *3 - 2 9 1 1

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. 2 — 2 9 — I

+ Brazil or Fernambuck Wood for Dyers Use, the Hundred Weight — N.B. For the Conditionsr Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Brazil or Fernambuck Wood-for Dyers Use may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15. Vide also the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. 5 10 /

» — Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood for Dyers Use, the Hundred Weight — N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Bra-l. zillctto or Jamaica Wood for Dyers Use may be entered without Payment of I, any Duty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15. I Viae also the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. ( — Cant Spars. Vide Spars-1 — Capravens. Vide Spars. I - — Clapholt. Vide Clap-boards. — Deals, above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness, 3 7 \ T 1

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — — 5 '9 5 11 6

, — ina Foreign Ship, the 120 — — " — above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding Inches in Thickness, 0 3 2 5 11 6

- imported in a British-built Ship, the-120 — — 11 18 11 3

in a Foreign Ship, the 120 - above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length and not above 20 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3 £ Inches in Thickness, 12 2 2 11 3

- imported in z British-built Shipr the 120 — — 2* 1 l3 2 10 6

in a Foreign Ships the 120 — — — above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length and not above 20 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3* Inches in Thickness, 2 i r4 5 2 to 6

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — — 5 6 - 5 1

, ——in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. 5 7 5 5 1 -

1

320 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

t- " r peal finds, ^bove 7 Inches in Width, being; under 8 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3 f Inches in Thickness,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 110 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

mm m ..r —t— above 7 Inches in Width, being under 8 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3 i Inche6 in Thickness,

r— imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

=— h\ a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

r-T Ebony, imported in a British-built Ship, the Hundred Weight -

- r in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

T" "i f Firkin Staves. Vide Staves.

- T-" 't Firewood, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

- imported in a British-built Ship -

in a Foreign Ship -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

1 f Fir Quarters, 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

» m r under 3 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 —* —- —*

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- Fir Timber, 8 Inches Squareor upwards,

- r~ imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet.

« - —7 in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Ffcet Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

«r Fustick for Dyers Use, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Fustick for Dyers Use may be entered without Payment of any Duty what-, ever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Vide also the Notes inserted at the End of Wood. jr 1 "t- Handspikes, under 7 Feet in Length,

- « imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 — —*

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

1 7 Feet in Length or upwards,

- 1—imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

Heading Stavqs. Vide Staves*

Kilderkin Staves. Vide Staves.

Knees of Oak, under $ Inches Square,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- 1 1 5 Inches Square, and under 8 Inches Square,

» imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 —, -

mm ... -8 Inches Square or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing

50 Cubic Feet -

in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50

Cubic Feet -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

Lathwood, in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

- imported in a British-built Ship -

- in a Foreign Ship -

- in Pieces c Feet in Length qr upwards, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, s — imported in a British-built Ship -

- in a Foreign Ship -

Vide she Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

A.D. 1787.

Duty.

Drawback.

s. J. £ I. <L

*7 8 l6 10

18 2 16 10

15 4 I 13 8

16 3 I 13 8

*3 3 — 12 3

13 9 12 3

2 8 2 6

2 9 — 2 6

13 2 to 6

x4 5 2 10 6

1 3 I 3

1 9 I 3

6 8 _ 6 4

6 — 6. 4

10

6 8 6 2

6 D — 6 2

»3 4 — 12 4

*3 7 12 4

3 4 3 1

3 6 3 1

*3 — I 10 6

*4 5 1 to 6

9 11 — 9 2

10 4 — 9 2

13 3 12 3

'3 9 12 3

*9 ro 18 4

4 18 4 1

) by

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13* (A%) 32

INWARDS.

Wood, continued

- * Lignum Vitae; the Hundred Weight — —, *—

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- Logwood for Dyers Use, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations,^ and’ Restrictions, under which Log* wood for Dyers Use may be entered without Payment of any Duty whatever,

Vide 8 Geo. L Cap. 1

Vide also thte Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- Mahogany, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight — —*

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- Masts under 6 Inches in Diameter. Vide Spars;

- Malts* 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches,

- »— imported in a British-built. Ship, the Mall -

- in a Foreign Ship, die Mast -

- 8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches,

«—1>- imported in a British-built Ship, the Mast -

*—— in a Foreign Ship, the Mast -

12'Inches in Diameter or upwards,

- * imported in a British-*built Ship, the Mast -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Mast -

fr —+» Nicaragua Wood for Dyers Use, the Hundred Weight —;

N.B. Fot* the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, Under which Nicaragua Wood for Dyers Use may be entered without Payment of any Doty whatever. Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 1 c.

Vide al(b thb Notes inserted aj the End of Wood.

- * —* Oak Boards. Vide Boards, r* Oak Plank, 2’ Inches in Thickness or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Lodd containing! 50

Cubic Feet -

- *—in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -

Vide tile Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

i* Oak Timber,- 8 Inches Square or upwards,

imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing co Cubic Feet -

- i—- in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic

Feet -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

H* u Oars, imported iri a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- ^—*— in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Vide? the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- *——« Olive Wood, imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 20 Hundred

W eight -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- *—* PalingiBoards; Vjde Boards.'

» - Pipe or Hogshead Staves. Vide Staves.

- Planks of Ireland, the 100 Feet -

« Red of Guinea Wood for Dyers Use, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Red or Guinea Wood for Dyers Use may be entered without Payment any Duty whatever, Vide 8 Geo. I, Cap. 15.

Vide also the Notes inserted at the End of Wood, i Round Wood, under eight Inches Square, and under 6 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- in a Foreign Ship* the 120

- under 8 Inches Spuare, and if 6 Feet in Length or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

» — Scale Boards. Vide Boards.

- Spars, under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter exclufi

of the Bark,

r*— imported ip a British-built Ship, the 120.

*— in a Foreign Ship,-the 120 -

Duty, 1 Drawback.

£ s. d. C s. d.

- 2 3 2 ».. r-

n -

i

2 4 2

1 i\ _ 1

- 1 1 z 1 -

.— 3 4 — 3 1

- y 6 3 1

6 8 — 6 2

*— 6 11 — 6 2

I. 4

*9 10 _ 18 4

1 — 8 — 18 4

- 9 11 — 9 2

- 10 4 — 9 2

f l9 8 I 16 8

2 1 3 I 16 8

3 6 — 3 1 -

3 8 9 3 1 -

2 9 2 6

3 6

!3 3 ____ 12 3

"" *3 9 "" 12 3

1 6 6 1 4 6

1 7 1 4 6

- 6 8 6 2

6 11 - 6 ’ 2

1

C. 13, (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.

INWARDS.

Wood, continued.

- Spars, viz.

- 22 Feet m Length, or upwards, and under Inches in Diameter ex--elusive of the Bark,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

» 4 Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches exclusive of the Bark,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- m a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

» * 6 Inches in Diameter or upwards. Vide Masts.

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- Speckled Wood, the Hundred Weight -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

" Spokes for Wheels, not exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 1000 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the ioco -

» exceeding 2 Feet in Length,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 1000 — "

in a Foreign Ship, the 1000 -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- Staves, not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness,

and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- above 36 Inches in Length and not exceeding 30 Inches in length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

- above co Inches in Length and not exceeding 60 Inches In Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 — — # -

- above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches In Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and

not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120

Staves, above 2 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clapboards

Staves,

and pay Duty accordingly.

above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipeboards and pay Duty accordingly.

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

Sweet Wood, the Hundred Weight -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

Timber of Ireland, the Ton or Load -

Timber of all Sorts not otherwise particularly enumerated and described, being 8 Inches Square or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -

in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

111 1 WIVItil w'liip, UIC L/VWU WUlHi

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

Trays of Wood. 1

Trenchers of Wood. I nr*

Treenails, or Trunnels.

Tubs of Wood. J

Users, under 5 Inches Square, and under 24 Feet in Length, —- imported in a British-built Ship, the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

A.D. 1787.

Doty. Drawback.

X. d. £ X. d.

II. IO 2

11 6 — IO 2

4 3 I 2 5

, 5 3 I 2 S

4 5 — 4 1

19 10 18 4

- 8 — 18 4

19 8 I 16 8

1 3 I 16 8

4 3 IO

4 1 3 10

7 6 7 S

7 7 7 3

10 _ 9 8

10 1 9 8

i *5. _ *4 6

15 > 1 H 6

l7 6 16 8

*7 7 16 8

S 6 4 10

3 — — 2 8

6 8 _ 6 4

6 10 6 4

1 3 I 3

1 9 I i

\ t

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Gror g.ii 1IL C. 13. (A.) 323

INWARDS.

Wood, continued,

Users, viz.

»—— 5 Inches Sauare and under 8 Inches Square, or if 24 Feet in Length or upwards,

imported in a British-built Ship the 120 -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 120 -

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

Wainscot Boards. Vide Boards.

»' Wainscot Logs, being 8 Inches Square or upwards,

- imported in a British-built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic

- in a Foreign Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

" Wood for Dyers Use not otherwise enumerated, the Hundred Weight Vide the Notes inserted at the End of Wood.

- Wood Scoops. Vide Scoops of Wood.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which any Sort of unmanufactured Wood, being the Growth and Product of America (except Marts, Yards, and Bowsprits) may be imported directly from thence in British-built Vessels without paying any Custom or other Duty whatever,

Vide 11 Geo. III. Cap. 41; and 26 Geo. III. Cap. 60.

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which any Sort of Wood, Plank, or Timber whatsoever, wrought or unwrought,

(except Marts, Yards, or Bowsprits,) or any of the Goods called Lumber (enumerated in the Act of the 8 Geo. I, Cap. 12.) may be imported directly from any of His Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies m America in British-built Ships free from all Customs and Impositions, Vide 8 Geo. I,

Cap. 12; 26 Geo. III. Cap. 53; and 26 Geo. Hi, Cap. 6o*

Wool, viz.

- Bcvcr Wool, Duty-free.

cut and combed, (except combed in Russia and imported from thence in British-built Ships,) the Pound -

- Carmenia Wool. Vide Hair of Goats.

- Coney Wool, the Pound — * -

»—1 1 Cotton Wool of the British Plantations, Duty-free.

- not of the British Plantations, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cotton Wool may be imported in British-built Ships without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 6 Geo. III. Cap. $2.

- Eftridge Wool, imported in a British-huilt Ship, Duty-free.

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Hundred Weight Hare’s Wool, the Pound -

»— Irish Wool, combed or uncombed, Duty-free.

- Lamb’s Wool, Duty-free.

- Polonia Wool, Duty-free. 1

- Red Wool, Duty-free.

- Sheep’s Wool, Duty-free.

- Spanish Woof, Duty-free.

Woollen Cloths. Vide Cloths of Woollen*

Stuffs. Vide Stuffs.

Worm Seed. Vide Drugs.

Yarn, viz.

- Cable Yam, the Hundred Weight -

- Camel or Mohair Yarn, the Pound -

- Cotton \ arn, the Pound -

- imported by the East India Company, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cotton Yarn of the Manufacture of Ireland may be imported directly from thence without Payment of any Duty whatever. Vide 18 Geo. III.

Cap. 56.

- Grogram Yarn, the Pound -

- Irish Yarn, the Pack containing Four Hundred Weight at Six Score Pounds

to the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Yarn of the Manufacture of Ireland may be imported directly from thence without 27 Geo. III. U u

Duty. Drawback*

£ 5\ d. C J.

2 *3 — 2 IO 6

2 M 5 2 IO 6

9 11 9 2

- 10 4 9 2

1 8

16 6

I

- 7 9 7 -

- 8 6 -

- 7 — — 6

- 3‘ — — 3

3

- 8 7

I 2 " *9 6

324

C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Yarn, continued.

Payment of any Duty whatever, Vide 7 & 8 Will. Ill, Cap. 30; and 16 Geo. II, Cap. 26.

- Raw Linen Yarn, the Pound -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Raw or Brown Linen Yarn made of Flax may be imported in British-built Ships without Payment of any Duly whatever, Vide 29 Geo. 11, Cap. 15; and 19 Geo. III. Cap. 27.

- Wick Yarn, the Hundred Weight -

- Woollen, or Bay Yarn, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. F or the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Woollen or Bay Yarn may be imported from Ireland without Payment oi Duty, Vide 12 Geo. II, Cap. 21; and 26 Geo. II, Cap. 11.

- ^Worsted Yam, being of Two or more Threads, twilled or thrown, thi

Doty.

Drawback*

x. d.

1 8 *3

OUTWARDS.

Agarick, trimmed or pared. Foreign, the Pound -

- rough or untrimmed. Foreign, the Pound -

Alum, British, the Hundred Weight -

Annotto, Foreign, the Pound -

Antimonium Crudum, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Aqua Fortis, Foreign, the Gallon -

Argol, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Arlnic, Foreign, the Pound -

Bayberries, foreign, the Hundredweight -

Brazil or Fernambuco Wood, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Brazilletto or Jamaica Wood, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Cambricks, Foreign, and French Lawns, having been secured in Warehouses under the Regulations directed by the 32 Geo. II, Cap. 32; and 7 Geo. III. Cap. 43. on Exportation to His Majesty's Colonies in America, the Piece containing 13 Ells -

Cards, viz.

- New Wool Cards, British, the Dozen -

- Old Wool Cards, British, the Dozen -

Cloth, viz.

- White Woollen Cloth commonly called Broad Cloth, the Piece -

Coals, usually sold by Measure, viz.

- exported to Ireland or the Isle of Man, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, the Chalder containing 36

Bushels Winchester Measure -

- exported to any other Place, viz.

- in British-built Ships, the Chalder Newcastle Measure -

- in Foreign Ships, the Chalder Newcastle Measure -

- exported in certain Quantities from the Ports of Newcastle and Swansea, to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, provided the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Limitations, directed by the 6 Geo. III. Cap. 40, are duly complied with the Chalder Newcastle Measure -

- usually sold by Weight, viz.

exported to Ireland or the Isle of Man, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight

- exported ttfany British Colony or Plantation in America, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

- exported to any other Place, viz.

- in British-built Ships, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

- in Foreign Ships, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

Cochineal, Foreign, the Pound — — —* -

Cream of Tartar, Foreign, the Hundred Weight — — -7-

Culm exported to Lisbon, provided the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, directed by the 31 Geo. II, Cap. 15; and the 13 Geo. III. Cap. 70, are duly complied With,

- in a British-built Ship, the Chalder Newcastle Measure -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Chalder Newcastle Measure -

Fussck, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Gails, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Duty.

II

I

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (A.) 325

OUTWARDS.

Glue, British, the Hundred Weight -

Gum Arabic, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Gum Senega, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which a certain Quantity of Gum Senega, or Gum Arabic, may be exported to Ireland Duty-free, Vide 6 Geo.

III. Cap. 46.

Hair, viz.

- Hart’s Hair, the Hundred Weight -

- Horse Hair, the Hundred Weight -

- Cow or Ox Hair, the Hundred Weight -

Horses, Mares, or Geldings, each -

Indico of all Sorts, Foreign, the Pound -

Ifmglass, Foreign, the Hundred Weight — —* -

Lawns. Vide Cambricks.

Lead, cast or uncaft, the Fodder or Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

Leather of all Sorts, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the Hundred Weight -

Litharge of Lead, the Hundred Weight -

Litmus, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Logwood, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulation^ and Restrictions, under which Logwood may be exported in British-built Ships Duty-free, Vide 7 Geo. III. Cap. 47.

Madder, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Madder Roots, Foreign, the Pound — — —*

Nicaragua Wood, Foreign, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

Orchal, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Orchelia, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Pomegranate Peels, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Red or Guinea Wood, P oreign, the Hundred Weight -

Saflower, Foreign, the Pound -

Sal Armoniac, Foreign, the Pound -

Sapan Wood, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Saunders Red, Foreign, the Hundred Weight -

Sal Gem, Foreign, the Pound -

Shuraac, Foreign, the Hundred Weight — — — ~ 1 -

Skins, viz.

- Badger Skins, the Piece -

- Beaver Skins, the Skin or Piece of Skin — — — "

- Beaver Wool or Wombs, the Pound -

- Calve Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, the Hundred Weight -

- Cat Skins, the 100 -

- Coney Skins, dressed or tawed, the 120 — — — "

- Black, with Silver Hairs or without, dressed or tawed, the 120 -

- Dogs Skins, the Dozen -

- Elk Skins raw, the Piece -

- Fitches, the Timber containing 40 Skins -

- Fox Skins, the Piece -

- Kid Skins in the Hair, the 100 -

- Kid Skins dressed, the 100 -

- Otter Skins raw, the Piece -

- tawed, the Piece -

- Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed, without Wool, the 120 -

- Sheep Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, the Hundredweight -

- Squirrel Skins, the 1000 -

- Swan Skins, the Piece -

Wolf Skins tawed, the Piece -

Sticklack, Foreign, the Pound -

Tin unwrought, the Hundred Weight -

Turnefole. Foreign, the Pound -

Valonia, Foreign, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

Verdigrease. Foreign, the Pound -

Wool, viz. Beaver Wool, the Pound -

Du'y.

£ J. d.

- r 1

I 13 4

5 10

1 IO

- 6 8

- 2 3

- 6

- U

- 11

2 5 2

- 1 2

- 3

- 7

- 1 2

- _ 10

- ol

- 4 S

- 1 2

- 7

- S

- 10

- 1

- oi

- 4

- s»

- 5 '

- 1

- 8

- 1 8

1 2

- 1 6

- 1 2

- 3 -

- 2

- 1 2

- 1 10

- 1

- 7

- 9

- 0!

- 7

- 2 9

- 1 2

- 2 9

- 2

- 4

- oi

- 3 4

- 01

- 3 11

- 1

1 a

326 C. 13. (A.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

coastwise.

Coals, (except Charcoal made of Wood) brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, (except into the Port of London ;) viz.

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by the Chalder or by any other Measure reducible thereto, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

N.B. For the Dimensions and Contents of the Coal Buftiel, Vide 12 Ann. Stat. 2, Cap. 17.

Culm, brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, (except into the Port of London,) the Chalder 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

Cynders, made of Pit Coal, brought Coastwise from Port to Port in Great Britain, for, every Chalder containing 36 Bu(lids Winchester Measure -

Coals, Culm, and Cynders, carried from the Bridge of Sterling which is on the Firth of Forth to the Town of Dunbar, or to Redhead, or to any Part betwixt them, or from Ellen Foot to Bank End in the County of Cumberland, or from any Creek or Place to any other Creek or Place between Ellen Foot and Bank End aforesaid, are not by reason of such Carriage liable to any Duty of Customs.

Coals, except Charcoal made of Wood, brought Coastwise kito the Port of London,

c

Duty.

s. 1 d.

viz.

in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight, the Ton containing 20 Hundred Weight -

- in case they are such as are most usually sold by the Chalder or by any other Measure whatever reducible thereto, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

Culm, brought Coastwise into the Port of London, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

Coals, brought Coastwise into the Port of London for the only Use and Service of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, not exceeding 100 Chalder by the Year, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

- For all Coals that shall be used for melting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, or in Fire Engines for the draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall, there shall be repaid a Drawback of all the Duties paid thereon.

For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Drawbacks shall be repaid. Vide 9 Ann. Cap. 6; and 14 Geo. II, Cap. 41.

For all Coals that shall be used in calcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Ille, there shall be repaid a Drawback of all the Duties paid thereon, provided the Amount of such Drawbacks shall not exceed the Sum of £1,500 in any one Year.

For the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Limitations, under which such Drawbacks shall I. allowed. Vide 26 Geo. III. Cap. 104.

Culm, to be used for the burning of Lime, viz.

Sent Coastwise in any Ships, Vessels, or Boats, not exceeding 30 Tons Burthen, from any Place within the Limits of the Port of Milford in the County of Pembroke to any other Place within the Counties of Pembroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, or Merioneth, the Chalder containing 36 Bushels Winchester Measure -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Culm may be sent as before mentioned, Vide 33 Geo. II, Cap. 9.

Wine, in Bottles exceeding Three Dozen, or in a Cask or Casks exceeding Ten Gallons in Quantity, sent Coastwise or by Land Carriage into the rort of London or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatever within the Distance of Twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, to be paid to the proper Officers of the Customs nearest to the Place from whence such Wine is Intended to be removed; viz.

- of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- of any other Sort, except Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wines, the Ton

- containing 252 Gallons -

N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which such Wine may be so removed, Vide the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Drawback*

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. 327

TABLE B.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies and not being particularly charged with Duty when, so imported*

Ahngoes, For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

China Ware, For every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Cotton ManuU tures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of to* true and reai Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

Cowries* For every £ 10a of tire true and real Valuo thereof according to the Gross Price at wmen such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of roe United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

Drugs, manufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £ 100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Ind es -

Drugs, unmanufactured, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the true a d real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies Japanned or Lacquered Wares, for every £ 100 of the true and real V alue thereof according to the Gross Price at whion such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

Mullins Plain, Nanquin Cloth, Mullins or White Callicoes Flowered or Stiched, for every £. too of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies Tea, For cVery100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which it shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

- exported to Ireland or any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof as abovementioned N.B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which the Drawback may be allowed on Tea exported to Ireland, or to any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, Vide 25 Geo. III. Cap. 74.

N.B. Tea is also subject to the Duty of Excise.

Gdods, Wares, and Merchandize prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, imported for Exportation only, for every £. 100 of the tru? and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

- On Exportation to Africa (except to the Blands of Madeira, the Canary Blands, the Azores or Western Hies) the following Drawbacks are to be allowed, viz.

ip" Alleijars, the Piece -

ii

Duty.

Drawback*

C

3>

47

So

3i

40

31 49

18

5

10

13

C

29

45

48

*9

3?

d.

16

10

16

10

47

10

>5

- 1;

328

C. 13. (B.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.' A.D. 1787

Duty#

Goods, Wares, &c. continued, x\z*

- " Bejuta pants, the Piece

- Byrampauts, the Piece

- Blue Long Cloths, the Piece

- Brawlcs, the Piece

- Callewny-Pores, the Piece

- Cufhtacs, the Piece

» — Coopecs, the Piece -

- Chintz, the Piece -

- Chelloes, the Piece

- Cotton Romals, the Piece Guinea Suffs, the Piece

- Nicamccs, Small, the Piece

- N icamees. Large, the Piece

- ?- Negampants, the Piece

- Photaes. the Piece -

- Saftra-Condies, the Piece

Tapfeils, the Piece

Manufactured Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, not other wise particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the true and real Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Unmanufactured Goods, Wares and Merchandize, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £, 100 of the true and reaj Value thereof according to the Gross Price at which such Goods shall have been sold at the Publick Sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies

37

z 8

16

Drawback.

36

26

d.

TABLE C.

A Table of the Duties of Customs to be paid on the Importation into Great Britain, and of the Drawbacks thereof to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King.

- .1 1 linin'mn« .

INWARDS.

Wine of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, viz.

- imported into the Port of London in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons - —>

- in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Galons -

- having been imported into the Port of London, and exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, the Ton containing 252 Gallons. -

- exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons w——— imported into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London) in a

British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 2^2 Gallons -

- 11 11 - having been imported into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of

London) and exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- e>ported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

N. B% Subject also to the Duty of Excise#

Duty. Drawback.

£- s. d. £ 5. i.

29 8 -

*33 12 '

- 29 8 -

* mmm‘ 24 »3 6

*5 4 -

29 8 t

4

20 9 6, 1 i

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (C.) 329

inwards.

Wine of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King entered for Prisage, viz.

- imported into the Port of London, in a Britidi-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

» — in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

» —- having been imported into the Port of London, and exported to any

British Colony or Plantation in America or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- imported into any Port of England except the Port of London, in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

- in a Foreign Ship, the 'Foil containing 252 Gallons -

- having been imported into any Port of England except the Port of London,

and exported to any Brituh Colony or Plantation in America or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

- exported to any other Place, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Vinegar of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, the Ton containing 252 Gallons -

Oil, viz.

- Sallad Oil of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

imported in a British-built Ship, the Gallon -

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Gallon -

- Ordinary Oil of Olives of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the

French King, imported in a British-built Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

- imported in a Foreign Ship, the Ton containing 252 Gallons

Brandy of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, the Gallon -

N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Beer of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £.100 of the V thereof -

N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Cabinet Ware, Turnery, and Musical Instruments, of the Manufacture of the Euro, -

Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £ 100 of the Value thereof -

Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other Substances, such Articles not exceeding in their Value Fifty Shillings, by the Hundred Weight, being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

Articles composed of Iron or Steel, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other Substances, and exceeding in their Value Fifty Shillings by the Hundred Weight, and all Buckles, Buttons, Knives, or Sciilars, and all other Articles of Hardware or Cutlery, and all Articles composed of Copper or Brass, separately or mixed, or worked or mounted with other Substances, all such Articles being of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country, owned and navigated according to Law, for every £. 100 of th* Value thereof -

Manufactures of Cottons, and also Woollens, whether knit or wove, including Hoficry, being of the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £.100 of the Value thereof -

N.B. Cottons, if stained or printed, are subject also to Duties of Excise.

Cambricks of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navig: ted according to Law, viz.

The Demi-piece, not exceeding y\ Yards in Length, and not exceeding J of a Yard in Breadth, or exceeding £ of a Yard in Breadth, but not being above the Value of Fifty Shillings, and so in Proportion for the like Sorts imported in any Pieces of any greater Length -

Duty, Drawback,

£ s. d. £ r. d.

21 11 10

24 6 9 -

- 2 I 11 10

- 17 *7 1

18 16 r 0 -

21 1 r 10 *—

- 18 16 10

: 5 7

32 18 10 7 '4 11

1 1 ,

- 1 2 — 1 -

7 — 9 6 4 9

7 9 3 6 4 9

9 8

5-M O -

10 -

5 -

10 -

12 -

S

IO

45

lS

10

12

12

12

330 C. 13. (C.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

INWARDS.

Cambrick?, the Demi-piece, continued.

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, and

so in Proportion for the like Sorts exported in any Pieces of any greater

1 exceeding J of a Yard in Breadth, and being above the Value of Fifty Shillings the Demi-piece of 7! Yards in Length, for every £ izo of the Value thereof - 10

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America -

Lawns of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, viz.

, The Demi-piece, not exceeding 7J Yards in Length, and not exceeding 1*

Yard in Breadth, or exceeding 1 { Yard in Breadth, but not being above the Value of Fifty Shillings, and lb in Proportion for the like Sorts imported in Pieces of any greater Length -

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, and so in Proportion for the like Sorts exported in Pieces of any greater Length — exceeding i£ Yard in Breadth, and being above the Value of Fifty Shillings the Demi-piece of 7 J Yards in Length, for every £*100 of the Value thereof — _ -

- exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America -

Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, viz.

- Damask Tabling, not exceeding 1 Ell -f in Breadth, the Yard -

- exceeding 1 Ell-f, and under 2 Eils in Breadth, the Yard

of the Breadth of 2 Ells or upwards, and under 3 Ells, the

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Yard -

- « Damask Towelling and Napkining, the Yard -

Diaper Tabling, not exceeding 1 Ell i in Breadth, the Yard -

- exceeding 1 Ell and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Yard

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells or upwards, and under 3 Ells, the

Yard -

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards* the Yard. -

Diaper Towelling and Napkining, the Yard -

m— Sail Cloth, not exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 Ells -

- exceeding 36 Inches in Breadth, the 120 El’s -

- Sails ready made, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

Linen of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, not otherwise enumerated or described, viz.

- not exceeding 1 Ell £ in Breidih, the Ell -

» exceeding 1 Ell and under 2 Ells in Breadth, the Ell -

- of the Breadth of 2 Ells or upwards, and tinder 3 Ells, the Ell -

- of the Breadth of 3 Ells or upwards, the Ell -

N.B. Linen printed, or stained, is also subject to Duties of Excise.

adlery of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

Gauzes of all Sorts of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £ 100 of the Value thereof -

Millenery made up of Muslin, Lawn, Canbrick, or Gauze of any Kind of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from. thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of cither Country owned and: navigated according to Law, for every f. 100 of the Value' thereof

If any other Article which may be legally imported into this Kingdom shall be used in such Milleneiy, such Articles shall pay Duty as if separately imported.

Porcelain, Earthen Ware, and Pottery, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

Plate Glass, and Glass Ware, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of the Built of either Country owned and navigated according to Law, for every £, 100 I of the Value thereof -

‘ N.B. Subject also to the Duty of Excise.

Duty. Drawback.

J. d. £ s. d.

- 2 (O

5 *3 4

5

- 2 10

- 5 >3 4

5 4 — 4 10

6 2 — 5 8

7 — — 6 6

IO 4 — 9 IO

1, 1 r — 1 8

2 5 - 2 2

2 so — 2 6

3 2 — 2 10

4 8 — 4 4

- IO — — 8

3 r -

r6 1 -

1 4 — 1 2

1 n j — 1 S

1 9 — 1 7

2 7 2 5

j -

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13.

TABLE D.

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into this Kingdom, and of the Drawbacks thereof to be allowed on the Exportation from thence, or all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever subject to Duty, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty in the preceding Schedule or Tables.

INWARDS.

Cotton, viz.

for every 100 of the Value thereof -

Earthen Ware not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £. i< the Value thereof -

Glass, viz.

- Plate Glass and all other Glass Manufactures not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £ 100 of the Value thereof -

Hides and Skins and Pieces of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

Leather, viz.

Manufactures of Leather or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the moil

valuable Part, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

Linen, viz.

- Linen not being Chequered, or Striped, or Printed, Painted, Stained, or E # ,

after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, and not being otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for efvery £. ic the Value thereof -

- Linen of the Manufacture of Ireland Chequered, or Striped, Painted, Stained or Dyed after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture. if imported under the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions directed by the 7 and 8 Will. Ill, Cap. 39 $ and 16 Geo. II, Cap. 26 $ for every £100 of the Value thereof -

Linen Chequered, or Striped, or Printed, Painted, Stained, or Dyed after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the Manufacture, not prohibited to be imported, worn, or used in Great Britain, and not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every £. too of the Value thereof Paper* viz.

- Painted Paper or Paper Hangings for Rooms, for every £. too of the Value

Paper not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, for every /. 100 of the Value thereof -

Sail?, for every^. 100 of the Value thereof -

Ships with their Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture (except Sails) for every £ 100 of the Value thereof -

Toys, for every T. too of the Value thereof -

Wood unmanufactured not otherwise enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain from any Part of Europe, for every £ 100 of the Value thereof Goods, Wares, and Merchandize prohibited to be used in this Kingdom, but allowed to be brought in and secured in Warehouses for Exportation, not otherwise enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, not prohibited to be used in Great Britain, but allowed by Law to be imported and secured in Warehouses for Exportation, for every £. too of the Value thereof -

iAU other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize whatever, not being particularly enumerated or described or otherwise charged with Duty, not prohibited to be imported or used in Great Britain aftd not being exempt from Duty, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

*7 Geo. III. X x

C'

Duty. Drawback*

£. j. d. £- 1;. d.

44 — — 4* 10 -

4* 16 — 36 u -

60 — — 43 -

77 — — 25 -

77 — — 25 -

33 6 8 30 16 8

49 10 — 49 10 -

80 4 2 77 14 2

75 -

55 — _ -

45 -

5 10 .—' -

33 — — 29 *3 4

33 — — 30 10 -

7 10 -

2 10 — — > -

27 10 — 25 -

33*

A.D. 1787.

332 C. 13. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III.

TABLE E.

A Table of the Duties payable on the Exportation from Great Britain, of Goods Wares, and Merchandize, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty on the Exportation.

OUTWARDS.

Copperas, British, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

Hair not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to be exported, for every £. 100 of the Value

Lapi9 Qalaminaris, for every £. ico of the Value thereof -

Lead Ore, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof — — «— -

Skins not particularly enumerated, and not prohibited to be exported, for every £. too of the Value thereof -

Cotton Wool of the Growth or Produce of the British Plantations in America, for every £. 100 of the Value thereof -

N^B. For the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, under which Cotton Wool the Growth or Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America may be exported in British-built Ships without Payment of Duty, Vide 19 Geo. III. Cap. 53.

All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Great Britain, the Exportation of which is not prohibited by Law, may be exported without Payment of Duty, provided the same are regularly entered and shipped; but on Failure thereof such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be subject and liable to Duty, viz* for every £* 100 of the Value thereof -

D*ty.

c s.

5 to

s 10 -

f 5 10 -

5 10 -

5 10 -

5 10

5 to

SCH EDULE F.

Duties, Allowances, Bounties, and Drawbacks, of Excise.

EXCISE DUTIES.

AUCTION.

s.U

FOR every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of any Interest in Possession or Reversion, in any Freehold, of* or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or bums of Money charged thereon; and of any Utenfds in Husbandry and Farming Stock, Ships and Vessels; and of any reversionary Interest in the Publick Funds; and of any Plate or Jewels; and so in Proportion for any greater or lerter Sum of such Purchase Money; fp be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission^ Three?pence Halfpenny* -

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale ,at Auction in Great Britain of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Hones, and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum of such Purchase Money; to be paid by the Auctioneer* Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission, Seven-pence.

3*

7

teller Quantity* Three pence Halfpenny.

The said Duties upon Candles to be paid by the Maker thereof.

COACHES.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash with Four Wheels, Chaise Marine, Chaise with Four Wheels, or Caravan, or by whatsoever Name such Carriages are or may be called, which shall be built or constructed in Great Britain for Sale: to be paid by the Maker thereof, One Pound -

*7

A li

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (F.) 333

BEER. 1

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby imposedon such Beer or Ale, and not being Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, not being Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that Part of Great Britain called England by the Common Brewer, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, concerning Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer), which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the Common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately; to be paid by such Common Brewer or other Person or Persons respectively, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eight

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of Six Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed thereon) which shall be brewed in Great Britain by the Common Brewer or any other Person or Persons who shall fell or tap out such Beer or Ale publickly or privately; to be paid by such Common Prewer or by such other Person or Persons respectively 5 and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and Fourpence.

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed thereon) and not exceeding Eleven Shillings, exclusive of such Duty, commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made in that Part of Great Britain called England by the Common Brewer, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in and by the said Adf, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and (b in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity 5 to be paid by such Common Brewer* Three Shillings. -

For every Barrel of Two-penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union; to be paid by the Common Brewer or Victualler, Three Shillings and Four-penct Farthing, and Thirteen Nineteenth Parts of a Farthing.

For every Barrel of French Beer, Ale, or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain direct, from any of the European Dominions of the French King, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof. Eight Shillings.

For every Barrel of Beer, Ale, or Mum, (other than French Beer, Ale,#or Mum imported as aforesaid, ) which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof,

Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence. -

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall be made irt Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Two Shillings and Sixpence.

For every Thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Three Shillings. -

For every Thottfand of Pan Tiles, or Ridge Tiles, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eight Shillings.

For every Hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain not exceeding Ten Inches squafe, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and

For every Hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain exceeding Ten Inches square, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Three Shillings. -

For every Thousand of Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain other than such as are herein before enumerated or described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are cr may be called or known, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Three Shillings. -

The said Duties upon Bricks and Tiles respectively to be paid by the Maker thereof.

CANDLES.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles of Tallow and other Candles whatsoever (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles) which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Penny Halfpenny.

Fpr every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles which shall he made in Great Britain of Wax or of Spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold either for Wax or Spermaceti Candles (notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith), and so in Proportion for any greater or

334 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Coaches, continued

For every Calash, Chaise, and Chair, with Two Wheels, or by whatsoever Name such Carriage? are or may be called or known, which shall be built or constructed in- Great Britain for Sale; to be paid by the Maker thereof, Ten Shillings. -

COCOA NUTS AND COFFEE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported inio Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Sixpence Halfpenny.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and Eight-pence. -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officer for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Sixpence Halfpenny. -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee, of the Growth or Produce of any other Place, imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the Care and Custody of the proper Officers for securing the Duties payable thereon for Home Consumption, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and Eight pence. -

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry which shall be made and sold by Retail in Great Britain; to be paid by the Retailer thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Fourteen Shillings and Seven-pence.

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry which shall be made and sold in Great Britain in Quantities of Twenty Gallons or upwards, by any Dealer in or Retailer of Cyder or Perry from Fruit of the Growth of such Dealer or Retailer; to be paid by such Dealer or Retailer, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Six Shillings and Eleven-pence. -

For every Hogshead of such last mentioned Cyder or Perry, which shall be received into the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons to be by such Person or Persons sold or disposed of; to be paid by such Person or Persons, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Seven Shillings and Eight-pence. -

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry which shall be made in Great Britain, and which shall be sent or consigned to any Factor or Agent who shall receive the same to sell or dispose of; to be paid by such Factor or Agent, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Nineteen Shillings and Two-pence. -

For every Ton of Cyder or Perry which (hal be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain, and (o in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof. Seventeen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six

GLASS.

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate or Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained or Paste Glals, or Phial Glass, and so m Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Pound One Shilling and Five-pence

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called of known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Spread Window GIafsy commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Gla/Sy and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eight Shillings and One Halfpenny.

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever the same are or may he called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of all other indow Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether Flalhed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Sixteen Shillings and One Penny Farthing. -

For every Hundred YYreight of Materials or Metal or other Preparations whatsoever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of common Bottles (the same not being Phials) and of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glalfcs, and of all other Vessels or Utensils

l7

10

14

l9

16

16

61

61

it

x;

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (F.) 335

Glass, continued.

made of common Bottle Metal, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Four Shillings and One Farthing.

The said several Rates and Duties upon the Materials or Metal or other Preparations for making Glals to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

HIDES AND SKINS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides of what Kind soever, and of Calve Skins, Kips,

Hog$Skinsv Dogs Skins, and Seal Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, which shall be tanned ih Great Britain for Gloves and ilazils, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Penny Halfpenny. — —1

for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Goat Skins which shall be tanned with Shomach, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Four-pence.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins which shall be tanned for Roans (being after the Nature of Spanish Leather) in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Two-pence.

For every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain, not herein-before particularly charged, and (o in Proportion for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities, Thirty Pounds# - — — 30

The said several Rates and Duties for and upon all such Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be so tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the Tanners thereof respectively.

For all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity or Number of such Hides, One Shilling and Sixpence. -

For and upon all Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Hides of what Kind soever (those of Horses,

Mares, and Geldings excepted) which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number or Quantity, Three Shillings. -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calve Skins, Kips, and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Penny Halfpenny.- li

For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain with the Hair on, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number or Quantity, Three Shillings. -

For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and every Dozcnof Dogs Skins which shall be tawed as aforesaid in GreatJ3ritain, and for every Dozen of Kid Skins which shall be tawed in Great Britain (except such Kid Skins as paid the full Duty on the Importation thereof), and so in Proportion (or any greater or lesser Number or Quantity, One Shilling.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins (except such as paid the full Duty on the Importation thereof) which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or be otherwise tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain, and so in Proportion (of any greater or lesser Quantity,

For every Dozen of Goat Skins, and of Beaver Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or be otherwif tawed in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Number or Quantity, Two Shillings.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and LambSkins, which shall bedrefled in Allum and S. It or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Penny Farthing. -

For every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Skins and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be tawed in Great Britain, (not herein-before particularly charged), and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities, Thirty

The laid several Rates and Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Alluni and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, to be paid by, such Persons who shall be the Tawers or Makers thereof into Leather respectively.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Hides and Skins, and of all Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any

great r or lesser Quantity, Sixpence. - [*---6

For every Pound eight Avoirdupois of Calve Skins which shall be so dressed in* Oil in Great Britain,

and (b in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Eight-pence. — — 8

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins which shall be f? dressed in OiHn Great Britain, and for every Pound W eight Avoirdupois of Lamb Skins which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Sheep Skins aivJ t Lamb Skins respectively, Three-pence.

336 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Hides and Skins, continued. JT

For every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of all other Skins, and Parts or Pieces of Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, not herein-before particularly charged, and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities, Fifteen Pounds. -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such last mentioned Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britaio, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Two-pence. -

The said several Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed inOil in Great Britain, to be paid by the Oil Leather Dressers thereof respectively.

For every Dozen of Vellum which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof. Three Shillings and Five-pence halfpenny.

For every Dozen of Parchment which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof. One Shilling and Eight-pence Three

HOPS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which shall be cured and made fit for Use, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to oe paid by the respective Owners or Possessors thereof. One Penny and Twelve Twentieth Parts of Farthing.

MALT.

For every Bushel of Malt which shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain within that Part of Great Britain called England, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof. Nine-pence Three Farthings.

For every Bu(nel of Malt which shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity to be paid by the Maker thereof. Four-pence Three Farthings and Ten Twentieth Parts or Farthing.

For every Bushel of Malt which shall be brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of Four-pence Three Farthings and Ten Twentieth Parts of a Farthing hereby imposed for every Bushel thereof, and entered with the proper Officer and ift such Manner as in and by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second is mentioned, directed and appointed with respect to Mai brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, between the Twenty-third Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty, and the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one; to be paid down in ready Money to such Officers respectively, in Manner as the Duties are directed to be paid by the said lal b mentioned Act of Parliament, Four-pence Three Farthings and Ten Twentieth Parts of a Far

For and upon every Bushel of Malt which shall be brought from Scotland into that Part Great Britain called England without such Certificate as aforesaid; to be paid in Manner as the Duties by the said last mentioned Act are payable with respect to Malt brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Nine-pence Three Farthings. -

METHEGLIN. or MEAD.

For every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, and (o in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof, One Shilling and One Halfpenny.

PAPER.

FIRST TABLE.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Imperial, of the Value of Two Pounds Eleven Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by Thirty Inches and a Quarter, Thirteen Shillings and Nine-pence

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Super Royal, of the Value of One Pound Eighteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven Inches and an Half, Ten Shillings and Four pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be piade in Great Britain, called Royal, of the Value of One Pound Nine Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, Seven Shillings and Nine-pence Far-

s.td.

Si

8J

i-il

9i

4HS

4*

9l

*3

10

9*

4*

9*

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (£.) 337

Paper, First Table, continued.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Medium, of the Value of One Pound Two Shillings and Sixpence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches and an Half, Six Shillings and Fourpence.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy, of the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of f ifteen Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches, Four Shillings and Three-pence Three Farthings. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Thick Poll, of the Value of Thirteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and an Half, Three Shillings and Fivepence Halt-penny. — — —3 -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Thin Port, of the Value of Ten Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and a Quarter by Nineteen Inches and an Half, Two Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Post, of the Value of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Iuches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and an Half, Two Shillings and One Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Fools Cap. of the Value of Ten Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and Three Quarters, Two Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny. — — — -7 -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Pott, of the Value of Six Shillings and Nine-pence per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches and an Half by Fifteen Inches and an Half, One Shilling and Sixpence Half-

¥or every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Large Thick Post, of the

Value of Fifteen Shillings per Ream and upwards, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches and an Half by Twenty-one Inches, Three Shillings and Ten-pence. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Large Thin Post, of the

Value of Twelve Shillings per Ream and upwards-, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches and an Half by Twenty-one Inches, Three Shillings and Three Farthings.

SECOND TABLE.

JFor every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Atlas, of the Value of Fifteen Pounds and not exceeding the Value of Twenty-one Pounds per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches and an Half, Two Pounds Six Shillings.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy, of the Value of Twelve Shillings and under the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches, Two Shillings and Eight-pence

For every^Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Copy, of the Value of Seven Shillings and Sixpence and not exceeding the Value of Eleven Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Twenty Inches and a Quarter, One Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Fools Cap. of the Value of Six Shillings and under the Value of Ten Shillings per Reaqp, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Sixteen Inches and Three Quarters, One Shilling and Three

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Littris Fools Cap. of the Value of Six Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Ten Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirteen Inches and an Half by Seventeen Inches and an Half, One Shilling and Three- pence.

Forgery Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Pott, of the Value of Four Shillings and under the Value of Six Shillings and Nine-pence per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches and an Half by Fifteen Inches and an Half. Eleven-pence Halfpenny.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Grand Eagle or Double Elephant, of the Value of Four Pounds and not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds and Five Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and Three Quarters by Forty Inches, Seventeen Shillings and Threepence.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Columbier, of the Value clor un<k an<* Fen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by Thirty-Four Inches and an Half, Twelve Shillings and One Penny, —* -

(I 1

4

3l

Si

81

6{

10

si

6*

11

338 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Paper, Second Table, continued.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Atlas, of the Valu-

Three Pounds and not exceeding the Value of Four Pounds and Five Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by Thirty-four Inches, Seventeen

Shillings and Threepence. -

For every Ream of Atlas Inferior Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, of the Valu,

Two Pounds and under the Value of Three Pounds per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches and a Quarter by Thirty-four Inches, Ten Shillings and Four-pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper which shall made in Great Britain, called Small Atlas, of the Vak_

One Pound and Ten Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Two Pounds and Ten Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-five Inches by Thirty-one Inches, Eight Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Imperial, of the Vale One Pound and Ten Shillings and under the Value of Two Pounds and Eleven Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by Thirty Inches and a Quarter,

Seven Shillings and Five-pence Three Farthings. — —r -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Super Royal, of the Value of One Pound and Five Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Eighteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-seven Inches and an Half, Five Shillings and Nine-pence. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Long Royal, of the Value of One Pound and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and Ten Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-seven Inches and an Half by Eighteen Inches, Four Shillings and Seven-pence Farthing. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal, of the Valu_

Eighteen Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Nine Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, Four Shillings and One Farthing. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy, of the Valu_

Thirteen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and One Shilling per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, Two Shillings and TightTpence Farthing. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Short Demy or Crowns, of the Value of Nine Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Fourteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fourteen Inches by Twenty Inches and a Quarter, or of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and Eleven-pence.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Large Fan, of the Value of Fourteen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and One Shilling per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by Twenty Inches and an Half, Three Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Fan, of the Value of Eleven Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Eighteen Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches and a Quarter by Thirteen Inches and a Quarter, Two Shillings and.Seven-pence.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Elephant, of the Value of Fifteen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and Seven Shillings per Ream, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches, Three Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain for Bank or Bankers Bills cr Notes, allowing Two Bills or Notes in each Sheet, and so in Proportion for greater or less Number of Bills or Notes in each Sheet, Three Shillings and Five-pence plalpenny.

THIRD TABLE.

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Demy, of the Value of One Pound and Eighteen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Three Pounds per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-six Inches by Thirty-eight Inches and an Half, Eight Shillings and Four-pence. -

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal, of the Value of One Pound and Four Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Sixteen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches* or of Twenty Inches by Twenty-six Inches, Five Shillings and Four-pence

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal inferior, of the Value of Fourteen Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Four Shillings per Bundle,

2nd not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches,

Three Shillings and Three Farthings.

£ S' d.

l7 3

to 4l

8 7»

- 7 S

- 5 9

4 7l

4

- 2 -H4 OO

- 1 IL.

- 3 sl

- 2 7

- 3 Si

- 3 Si

- 8 4

- 5 4!

3; 31

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (F.)

Paper, Third Table, continued.

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Medium, of the Value of One Pound and not exceeding the Value of One Pound and Eight Shillings per Bundle, and^ not exceeding the Dimensions of Eighteen Inches by Twenty-three Inches, Four Shillings and Twopence Halfpenny.

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy Single, of the Value of Seventeen Shillings and under the Value of One Pound and Six Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, or of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-one Inches and a Quarter, Three Shillings and Ten-pence, -

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy Inferior, of the Value of Fen Shillings and under the Value of Seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, Two Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny. — — t -

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made iii Great Britain, called Double Crown, of the Value of Seventeen Shillings and not exceeding the Value of One Pound Three Shillings and Sixpence per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Thirty Inches, Three Shillings and Five-pence Halfpenny. -

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Crown Inferior, of the Value of Twelve Shillings and under the Value of Seventeen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of twenty Inches by Thirty Inches, Two Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing.

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Crown, of the Value of Thirteen Shillings, and not exceeding the Value of one Pound per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, Three Shillings and Three Farthings.

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Crown Inferior, of the Value of Eight Shillings and under the Value of Thirteen Shillings [>er Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and Elevenpence.

For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Demy Tifliie, of the Value of Eight Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Twelve Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by Twenty-two Inches, One Shilling and Eleven-pence.

- For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Crown Tissue, of the Value of Five Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Nine Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and Three

For every Bundle* of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Pott, of the Value of Nine Shillings and not exceeding the Value of Sixteen Shillings per Bundle, and not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-five Inches and an Half, Two Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny, -

FOURTH TABLE*

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches by Twenty-six Inches, Two Shillings and Eight-pence Farthing.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Square Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches and an Half by Twenty-five Inches and an Half, Three Shillings and Three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Cartridge, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and a Quarter by Twenty-four Inches, Two Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny. -

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Elephant Common, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches Ly Twenty-eight Inches, One Shilling and Eleven-pence.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches and an Half by Thirty-three Inches, Three Shillings and Three Farthings.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Smaller Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of Eighteen Inches and Three Quarters by Twenty-seven Inches, Two Shillings and Thrcc-pence Halfpenny. -

For every-Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Demy Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches and an Half by twenty-two Inches, One Shilling and Eleven-pence.

For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Sugar Blue Crown Size, not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty-Inches, One Shilling and Eleven pence.

340 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Paper, Fourth Table, continued. For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Purple Royal, not exceeding the Dimen lions of Nineteen Indies and an Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, One £ s. 1

Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny. — % — — For every Ream of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Elephant, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Twenty-eight Inches, Two Shillings and.Three- I 61

pence Halfpenny. - — For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Royal, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and an Half by Twenty-four Inches and a Quarter, Three a 3

Shillings and Three Farthings. - For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Demy and Blossom, not exceeding the Dimensions of Seventeen Inches by Twenty-two Inches, Two Shillings and - 3 1

One Farthing. - — — For every Bundle of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Blue Crown Single, not exceeding the Dimensions of Fifteen Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and One Penny 2 1 4

Three Farthings* - — FIFTH TABLE. For every Ream of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand Thick, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Nineteen Inches and a Quarter, 1

One Shilling and Foui-pence. - For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Royal Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Nineteen Inches and a Quarter, 1 4

One Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny. - For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Lumber Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches by Eighteen Inches, One Shilling 1 61

and Sixpence Halfpenny. - — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Sixteen Inches, One 1 61

Shilling and One Penny Three Farthings. *- For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Eleven Inches, Five-pence Three Farthings. *- For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty-three Inches by Twenty-one Inches, 1 «l Si

Two Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny. — — For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Middle Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-two Inches by Sixteen Inches, One Shilling and One 2 3i

Penny Three Farthings. *- For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Hand Double, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty-two Inches by Twenty Inches, One 1 1.

Shilling and Sixpence Halfpenny. - For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Hand, not exceeding the Dimensions of Nineteen Inches and Three Quarters by Sixteen Inches, 1 61

Nine-pence Farthing. *- For every Bundle of Whited Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches by Ten Inches, and 9*

of Nine Inches by Seven Inches and an Half, Five-pence Three Farthings. — For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Imperial Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-nine Inches by Twenty-two Inches, One Shilling and ri

Sixpence Halfpenny. - — For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Haven Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-four Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and One 1 61

Penny Three Farthings. - —* For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made In Great Britain, called Bag Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-three Inches and an Half by Nineteen Inches, Eleven-pence 1 i

For every &eam of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Kentish Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty-one Inches by Eighteen Inches, Nine-pence ut

For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Four Pounds, not 9'

exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Sixteen Inches, Nine-pence Farthing. For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Small Cap. not exceeding the Dimensions of Twenty Inches by Fifteen Inches, Five-pence Three Far- 9i

For every Ream of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Double Four Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Thirty- three Inches by Twenty Inches, One Shilling and Six- Si

pence Halfpenny* —, t - 1 6i

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (F.) 34.1

Paper, Fifth Table, continued.

For every Bundle of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Single Two Pounds, not exceeding the Dimensions of Sixteen Inches by Eleven Inches, Nine-pence

For every Bundle of Brown Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, called Couples Pound and Half Pound, not exceeding the Dimensions of Twelve Inches by 'Fen Inches, and of Nine Inches by Seven Inches and an Half, Five-pence Three Farthings. -

For every Hundred Weight of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, Six Shillings and Ten-pence Three Farthings. -

And after those Rates for any greater or leis Quantity of such Papers, Pasteboards, Mill-boards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, respectively.

The said several Rates and Duties upon the said several Sorts of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

For every Sort or Kind of Paper not herein-before enumerated and described, which shall be made in Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of Twenty Pounds and Fourteen Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the same, including the Duties hereby charged thereon.

The said Duties for such Sorts or Kinds of Paper respectively to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

PRINTED GOODS.

For every Yard Square of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings or other Uses (over and above the Duties payable for such Paper before the printing, painting, or staining thereof), and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity; to be paid by the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof, One Penny Three Farthings. -

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of Foreign Callicoe, and of Foreign Muslin, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyfed throughout of One Colour only), and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity, Seven-pence.

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of all Linens and of all Stuffs made either of Cotton or Linen mixed with other Materials, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other Figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen), and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity, Three-pence Halfpenny. -

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, and of British Muslins, which shall be printed, stained. painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (except such as shall be dyed, throughout of One Colour only), and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity, Three-pence Halfpenny.

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Half-Yard-wide, of all Silks which shall be printed, stained, or painted in Great Britain (Silk Handkerchiefs excepted), over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of them, and so in Proportion for any greater or feffer Quantity, One Shilling and One Penny Three Farthings. -

For every Yard Square of SMk Handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for wider or narrower Silk Handkerchiefs, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of them, and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity, Four-pence Halfpenny.

The laid Duties on printed, stained, painted, or dyed Goods, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, to be paid by the Primer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer thereof.

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of French printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callicoes and Muffins (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only), which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the French King, and so fn Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity \ to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof, Seven-pence.

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of ill French printed, stained, painted, or dyed Linens and Stuffs, made either of Cotton or Linen mixed with other Materials, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other Figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials, mixed or wholly made of Cotton-wool (except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only), which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the French King, and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof, Three-pence Halfpenny.

ZO

14

d.

9l

Si

10}

3*

4i

3»

4

34*

C.i3. (F-) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D.

s ° A p.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois oi Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof, Two-pence Farthing. -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof, One Penny Three Farthings. -

SPIRITS.

For every Gallon of Fermented Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or l ilts, or any Mixture with the same; to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, Six-pence.

For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials (except such as are before mentioned), or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof, Five-pence.

For every Gallon of Fermented Whi;t or Wash which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from Molasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof. Eight-pence Three Far

For every Gallon of Wash which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials (except Molasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; to be paid by the Makers or Distillers thereof. One Shilling.

For every Seventy-two Gallons of Wash, which George Bishop of Maidstone shall produce on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight from a Weight of Malt, or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois; to be paid by the said George Bishop, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Wash, Eighteen Shillings.

For every Gallon of Wash from which Twenty-four Gallons shall be taken and distilled by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions and under the Authority of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things, to discontinue for a limited Time the Payment of Duties on Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and such Twenty-four Gallons of Wash so distilled shall be found to produce more than Two Gallons and Three Fourth Parts of a Gallon of Spirits, at the Strength of One in Seven under Hydrometer Proof; to be paid by tht said George Bishop, One Shilling. -

For every Gallon of British Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be manufactured in Scotland and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; to be paid by the Importer thereof, Two Shillings. -

And for every Gallon of all such Spirits as last aforesaid of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, Two Shillings. -

And also a farther Duty proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof; to be paid by the importer tbqreof, or the Person bringing the same.

For every Gallon of Single Brandy which shall be imported into Great Britain; to be paid by the Importer before the Landing thereof. Four Shillings and Three-pence. -

For every Gallon of Brandy above Proof which shall be imported into Great Britain; to be paid by the Importer before the Landing thereof. Eight Shillings and One Penny. -

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vine, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the Impotter before the Landing thereof. Three Shillings and Seven-pence. -

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vu<e above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, which shall be imported horn beyond the Seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the Importer before the Landing thereof. Six Shillings and Eight-pence. -

For every Gallon of Single Spirits, or Aqua Vitas (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or^ Aqua Vitae as aforesaid), which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain; to be paid by the Importer before the Landing thereof, Four Shillings and Three-

For every Gallon of Spirits, or Aqua Vitae (other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid), above Proof, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain; to b« paid by the Importer before the Landing thereof, Eight Shillings and One

A\

ui j.,

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (F.) 34.3

STARCH.

For every PownJ Weight Avoirdupois of Starch of what Kind soever which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity j to be paid by the Maker thereof, Three-pence Farthing. —r. -

SWEETS.

For every Barrel of Liquor which- shall made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixt with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, and so in Proportion for a greater or leller Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof. Eighteen Shillings and Four-pence Three Farthings.

TEA.

For and upon all Tea which shall be fold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be fold; to be paid by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and to be paid by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being* -

VERTUICE.

For every Hogshead of Verjuice which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale; to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or leller Quantity, Seven Shillings and Eight-pence.

VINEGAR.-

For every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale; to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, Ten Shillings and Three Farthings* -

WINE.

For every Tun of French, Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or leller Quantity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof, Seventeen Pounds ‘Seventeen Shillings. -

For every Tun of all other Wines which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; to be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof, Eleven Pounds Eighteen Shillings* -

1 WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of Gilt Wire which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or leller Quantity; to be paid by the Maker thereof. Nine-pence

For every Ounce Troy of Silver Wire which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in-Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity,; to be paid by the Maker thereof. Seven-pence. -

f.

- 18

10

17

XI

3i

4 \

7

ALLOWANCES.

BREWERS.

UPON every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale, and not being Beer or Ale commonly calico Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made as aforesaid], which shall be brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out-Beer or Ale. publickly or privately, within the Cities-of London-and Westminster, or within the Limits of thr Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and Four-pence. -

Upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed on such Be^r or Ale, not being Two-penny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, or such Table Be^r) which shall be brewed by th. Common Brewer or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell on tap out Beei er Ale? publickly or privately, in that Part of Great Britain called England, not within the said Cities of London and Westminster, nor within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, One Shilling and Eight-pence* -

344. C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Brewers continued.

Upon every barrel of Beer or Ale of Six Shillings the Barrel or under (exclusive of the Duty, hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale) which shall be brewed in that Part of Great Britain called England by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in that Fart of Great Britain called England, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity, Four-pence.

Upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed thereon) which shall be brewed by the Common Brewer, or by any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or tap out Beer or Ale, publickly or privately, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger, and lo in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity, "Fen-pence.

Upon every Barrel of Six Shillings Beer or/.lc or under, v.hich shall be brewed by the Common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall fell or t3p out Beer or Ale, publick’y or privately, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger, and so in Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity, Three-perce. — —7 -

Upon every Barrel of Twopenny Ale, n entioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, which shall he brewed within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the Gauger, and so in* Proportion for any greater or letter Quantity,

MALT.

For every Quarter of Malt which shall be made and locked up for Exportation, and exported according to the Directions of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, concerning Malt made for Exportation, Three-pcnCe. -

PAPER.

For any Quantities of Paper which shall be u(ed in the Printing any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, within the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice Chancellors of the same respectively, the Duties of Ex-cife by this Act imposed thereon.

For any Quantities of Paper which shall be used in the Printing any Books in the Latin. Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principals of the same respectively, the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed thereon.

SOAP.*

Tor every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the making any Cloths, Serges, Kerseys, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wod, or in the finishing the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same. One Penny Halfpenny.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the making any Cloths, Serges, Kerseys, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finishing the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same, One Penny and One Twelfth Part of a Penny.

; For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake ooap, or Ball Soap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale of such Linen, One Penny F arthing. -

For every Bound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap, which shall be employed, spent, or consumed in Great Britain, in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale of such Linen, Three Farthings.

, For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used and consumed in Great Britain on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Fla* or Cotton for Sale (except such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale thereof), Three Farthings.

STARCH.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used and consumed in Great Britain on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for Sale (except such Starch as shall be used and consumtd in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale as herein after mentioned), One Penny Halfpenny. -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch which shall be made in Great Britain, and be used and consumed in Great Britain in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale, Three-

r. I d.

:o

It*

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. G. i3. (F.)

345

BOUNTIES.

FOR every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty hereby X\ imposed on such Beer or Ale, which shall be proved to have been brewed in Great Britain from malted Corn, and whereupon the Duties for Strong Beer or Ale shall be proved to have been charged or paid, and which shall be exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, when Barley is at Twenty-four Shillings per Quarter or under. One Shilling.

For every Tun of Spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from Corn* under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in and by an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His prefen^ Majesty, for the better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British-made Spirits, and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force concerning British Spirits made or drawn from Corn for Exportation* which shall be exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, Three Pounds Twelve Shillings. -

s. J.

3 12 -

DRAWBACKS.

BEER OR, ALE.

FOR every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duty Hereby imposed in respect of such Beer or Ale, and not being 1 wo-penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, nor being Beer or Ale commonly called Table Beer, which shall be brewed and made as aforesaid) for which the Duty by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity, deducing Three-pence per Tun for the Charges of the Officers, Eight Shillings.

BRICKS AND TILES.

For all Bricks and Tiles respectively which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed in respect of such Bricks or Tiles.

CANDLES.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles of Tallow and other Candles whatsoever, which shall beI made in Great Britain (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles, for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny Halfpenny. -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles which shall be made in Great Britain of Wax, or of Spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold for Wax or Spermaceti Candles (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchan dize to Foreign Parts, Three-pence Halfpenny. -

CHOCOLATE.

Por every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America imported into Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Five-pence.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate which shall be made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any other Place imported into Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Shilling and Four-pence. -

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hog (head of Cyder or Perry which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed in respect of such Cyder and Perry, deduding Three-pence j er Tun ftr the Charges of the Officers.

v HIDES.

For all Hides and Calve Skins respectively which shall be tanned, tawed, or dressed in Great Britain, and duly marked (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof dial

d.

346 C. 13. (F.) Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Hides, continued.

have been paid) and exported as Merchandise to Foreign Parts, Two Thirds of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereot respectively.

For all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins respectively which shall be tanned, tawed, or dressed in Great Britain (for which the Duties by this Act iir posed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, T*o Thirds of the Duties of Excise by tills Ad imposed in respect thereof respectively.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides and Calve Skins respectively wh;ch shall be dressed or curried in Great Britain (for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny. -

For every Pound Weight of Avoirdupois of Seal Skins which shall be tanned or tawed in Great Br itain (fnr. which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been naid) which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny Halfpenny.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots, Shoes, Gloves, or other Manufactures, made of any Kind of tawed or dressed Leather, chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, Two Thirds of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereof respectively.

HOP S.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, and which shall be cured or made fit for Use, and on which the Duties of Excise by this Act, imposed in respect thereof shall have been duly charged, exported as Merchandize to Ireland, One Penny and Twelve Twentieth Parts of a F arthing. -

PAPER. -

For all Paper which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof mall have been paid) and exported as Merchandise to Foreign Parts, the Whole of the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

PRINTED GOODS.

‘For every Yard Square of Paper which shall be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, for Hangings or other Uses (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and shall be exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny Three Farthings.

For all Linens, Stuffs, F.uftians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, Figured Stuffs, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, Callicoes and Muslins, which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed inXjreat Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed4n respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the Whole of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

: For all Silks and Silk Handkerchiefs which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the Whole of the Duties of Excise by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

SOAP.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize toJForeign Parts, Two-pence Farthing. -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, One Penny Three Farthings.

STARCH.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties hertby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to F'oreign Parte, Three-pence Farthing. -

TEA.

For all Tea (for.which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereoflhall have been paid) which shall, be exported to Ireland or His Majesty's Plantations in America, the Whole of the Duties of Excise

by this Act imposed in respect thereof.

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any

II,"

A. 0, 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 13. (F.)

Wine continued.

of the European Dominions of the French King (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respecthereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, and.foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings. - — 14

For every Tun of French Wine which shall be imported as aforesaid (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings.

For every Tun of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any British Colony or Plantation in America, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings. -

For every fun of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respectc thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any British Settlement in the East Indies, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings. -

For every Tun of Rhenish, German, or Hungary Wine (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas, and so in Proportion for any greater or kfler Quantity, Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings. -

For every Tun of all other Wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any British Colony or Plantation in America, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four-

For every Tun of all other Wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any British Settlement in the East Indies, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Four-

For every Tun of all other Wines which shall be imported into Great Britain (for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and which shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas^ and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Three Pounds Fifteen Shillings and lour-

---

GOLD THREAD.

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt Wire, which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Seven Shillings and Eight-pence. - 0 7 8

SILVER THREAD,

For every Pound Weight avoirdupois of Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Silver Wire, which shall be made in Great Britain (for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, Five Shillings and Nine-pence. - 0 5 9

N.B. For the countervailing Duties on French Glass, and the additional Duties on other Glass, imported, and the Drawbacks on the Exportation of British Glass, vide 37 Geo. 3. Cap. 28.

For the Increase of the Duty from 5d. to 9d. per Gallon on Importation of Geneva, and of the Drawback to 8d. per Gallon on Exportation, vide 27 Geo. 3. Cap. 32, Clause 24.

For the Permission to import unmanufactured Ebony from Africa in British-built Ships Duty free, vide 27 Geo. 3. Cap. 32, Clause 25.

For an Alteration in the Duty of Excise on Paper not enumerated in the Schedule, vide 27 Geo. 3. Cap. 31, Clause 29.

348 C. 14 - 19. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Walls of the City of Canterbury, and the Liberties thereof; and also several Streets and other Places near or adjoining to the said City; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XV.

An Act for building a Bridge at or near the Ferry, over the River Trent, from Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saundby, in the County of Nottingham.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for making perpetual two Acts, passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble. 25 Geo. 3. c. 51.]

'WHEREAS an Act was made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England), which was to continue in force only for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas another Act was made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

[17 Geo. 3. c. 30.]

(intituled, An Act for further restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England); by which the said Act, made in the fifteenth Year of his said present Majesty's Reign, and also the last mentioned Act, were continued in force, not only for the Residue of the Term of five Years in the said first recited Act mentioned, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and also for the further Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Acts, which have been found to be useful and beneficial, are near expiring, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be made perpetual:' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

[Recited Acts made perpetual.]

That the said recited Acts, passed in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, shall be, and are hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for rebuilding the Chapel of East Stonehouse, in the County of Devon.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary and Circuit Courts in Scotland.

[Preamble. 23 Geo. 3. c. 45.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, Intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings of the Court of Justiciary, and Circuit Courts, in Scotland: And whereas the said Act hath by Experience been found to be useful and beneficial, and is near expiring: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, Recited Act and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Recited Act made perpetual.]

That the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to enforce and render more effectual several Acts passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

[Preamble, reciting 26 Geo. 3. c. 60.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Inch case and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation^ it is c. 6o. 4 enacted, That the Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty's Subjects residing in the Kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and registered according to the Laws now in force, shall continue to enjoy ail the Privileges and Advantages to which such Ships and Vessels were by Law intituled before the passing of

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 19.

this Act, until the End of four Calendar t Months from the Commencement of the first: Se/TIon of the Parliament of Ireland which shall hereafter lit during the Space of four Calendar Months, without Prorogation or Dissolution, and from the End of that Time, every Ship or Vessel which shall, by virtue of the Authority of any A tft that may be passed in the said Parliament of Ireland, be qualified and registered in any of the Ports of the said Kingdom of Ireland, under limilar Regulations and Rest rift ic ns to those therein contained, shall continue to enjoy, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, all the Privileges and Advantages of a British-built Ship or a foreign-built Ship, owned by his Majesty's Subjects, as the Case may 4 be, according to the Provisions of this Act: And whereas by an Aift of the Parliament of Ireland, paised in this present Session of the said Parliament, intituled, An Act for the further bicreaf: and Encourage- mint of Shipping and Navigation, Regulations and Restrictions for qualifying and regtftcring Ships and Vessels in the Ports of the said Kingdom of Ireland are enacted and provided, similar to those contained in the said before-mentioned Act of the Parliament of Great Britain ;* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Ship or Veiled which shall be duly registered in any Port in the Kingdom of Ireland, according to the Regulations and Re-itridtions of the before-mentioned Act passed in the Parliament of that Kingdom, and shall obtain a Certificate thereof, shall enjoy, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, all the Privil.gds and Advantages of a British-built Ship or foreign-built Ship owned by his Majesty's Subjects, as the Case may be.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty's Subjects residing in the Kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and registered according to the Laws in force at and immediattdy before the Commencement of the said Act, so passed in the Parliament of that Kingdom, shall continue in like Manner to enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages of a British-built Ship, or foreign-built Ship owned by his Majesty's Subjects, as the Case may be, during the Tirrte or Times which are or may be appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in the said Kingdom, pursuant to the Powers thereby given to the said Commissioners to appoint the Times when the Registration required by the said Act is to be made; but that at the End or Expiration of the said Time or Times, so to be appointed by the said Commissioners, no Ship or Vessel, belonging to the Kingdom of Ireland, which ought to be registered in the Ports thereof, shall have or fcnjcy such Privileges or Advantages, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have been registered, and shall have obtained a Certificate thereof in pursuance of the before-mentioned Act passed in the said Parliament of Ireland.

Time they must be registered agreeable

34-9

Vessel s registered in Ireland according to an Act of the Parliament of that Kingdom of the present Session, to enjoy all the Privileges of Vessels owned by his Majesty*« Subjects#

Vefleb registered

there according to Law, previous to the said Act, to continue to enjoy the like Privileges during the Times appointed by the Commissioners of Revenue in Ireland; but at the Expiration of such to the said Act.

III. Provided always, That in case it shall happen that any such Ship or Vessel, from any unavoidable Necessity or reasonable Caule, shall not have returned to the Port of Ireland to which (lie belongs, within the prevented from Time so appointed by the said Commissioners, but shall first touch at Tome Port of Great Britain, the Islands returning to the of Guernsey or Jersey, or the Isle of Man, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Port to which Custocns in England, or any four or more of them, and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in belongs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the Time being respectively, to permit such Ship or Vessel, upon at

Proof being made to their Satisfaction of such unavoidable Necessity or reasonable Cause, to enjoy the Privi- a p>OTl in Great leges of a British-built Ship or Vessel (or that Time only, and to clear out and return to the Port in Ireland Bnuin, &c. io which such Ship or Vessel shall belong, and no other, for the Purpose of being the re registered. the Commissioners of the Customs may permit her to clear out, and return to her proper Port in Ireland,

IV. And whereas by the before-mentioned Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, it is enabled, That no Registry of any Ship or Vessel shall thenceforth be made, until the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall have taken an Oath therein set forth in Manner therein directed, containing, among others, the Words following; That the said A.B. (and the said other Owners, if, any) am {or are) truly and bona fide a Subject or Subjects) of Great Britain; and that I the said A.B. have not (nor have any of the other Owners, to the belt of my Knowledge or Belief) taken an Oath of Allegiance to any foreign State whatever, except under the Terms of some Capitulation [defer Hung the Particulars thereof ]:" Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Oath which shall have been, or may be rtaken, for the sole Purpose of acquiring the Rights of a Citizen or Burgher in any foreign City or Town in Europe, to be enjoyed during the Time that the Person or Persons taking such Oath shall reside in such City or Town, and (or a limited Time after such Residence shall have expired, shall not be deemed an Oath of Allegiance to a foreign State, within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act.

Recital of Part of the Oath re* qu rfd to be t,km by the Act in Geo. 3. c. 60.

No Oath taken to acquire a temporary Right as a Citizen, during Rrfi.ltnce io a foreign State, to

be deemed an Oath of Allegiance to such State.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said last mentioned Act contained shall prevent the Persons thereby authorised trem making Regiftiy of Ships and Vessels, and granting Certificates thereof to Ships and Vessels wholly owned by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Eeijl Indies, or any other Body Corporate within this Kingdom, all other Requisites of the said Act bring complied with, upon the following Oath being taken and subscribed by the Secretary of the said United Company* or other Body Corporate, or by any other Officer authorised by such Company or Body Corporate (instead of the Oath directed to be taken by the said Act), before the Person or Persons duly authorised to make such Registry and grant such Certificates respectively; which Oath they are hereby respectively impowered to administer: ,

Igfi-ead of the Oath required by the recited Act, the following Oa:h may be taken by the Person propeily authorised by the l’-U India Company, &o.

441 A.B.

35°

Form of the

Oath.

From Jane I, 17S7,1 he Commissioners of the Custotns, &c. mi) permit the Bond required on ob »ining a Certificate of the Begiftry of a Vessel, to be executed wherever they think pro-P«.

Wherever the Matter of a Vessel is changed, freth Security to be given, &c.

Vefleti, not exceeding 30 Toni Burthen, and not having a fixed Deck, may be employed in the Fishery at Newfoundland, &c. Without being registered.

▼eftli built at Newfoundland, &c. for European Owners may he registered there, upon the Ship« Agents taking the requi&ic Oath;

bat such Ships, 00 their Arrival in Europe, must

C. 19. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

I A.B. Secretary or Officer of [Name of Company or Corporation], do make Oath, That the Ship or Vessel (Name), of (Port or Place)y whereof (Ma/ler's Name) is at present Master, being ( Kind of Builtt Burthen, Sic, as djeribed in the Certificate of the Surveying Officer), was (when and where built, or if Prize, Capture and Condi intuition), and that the same doth wholly and truly belong to (Name of Company or Cor- pc ration),"

VI. And whereas by the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That, at the Time of obtaining the Certificate of Registry therein directed, fudicient Security by Bond shall be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by the Master, and foch of the Owners as shall personally attend, as is therein required, such Security to be approved of and taken by the Person or Persons therein authorised to make such Registry, and to grant a Certificate thereof at the Port or Place in which such Certificate shall be granted, in the Penalties, and on the Conditions, among others in the said Act mentioned, that such Certificate shall not be fold, lent, or otherwise disposeJ of: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether such Bond can be legally executed by the Master of the Vessel at any other Port or Place than that at which the Vessel is, by the said Act, required to be registered Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of the islands oif Guernsey or jferfiy, or of the Isle of Many or of any of the Colonies, Plantations, I Hands, or Territories, which now belong, or may hereafter belong or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, shall, and they are hereby authorised to permit, in any Case where it shall appear to them to be ex;x:dient, such Bond to be taken before any Person or Persons whatever, and in such Manner, and at such Port or Place, as they shall respectively judge fitting and necessary; and every such Person or Persons shall and are hereby authorised to take such Bond; and such Bond when so taken shall be valid and of the like Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the same liad been taken by the Person or Persons authorised by the said Act to make Registry and grant a Certificate thereof.

VII. And whereas no Provision is made in the said Act passed in the said twenty-sixth Year of his pre- lent Majesty's Reign, requiring fresh Security by Bond to be given whenever the Master of a Ship or Vef- fd, registered in pursuance thereof, shall be changed Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, registered in Manner therein directed, shall be changed, the Person who shall become Master, or take the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall give Security by Bond, to be taken in the Manner and under the Penalties and Conditions required by the said Act and this present Act; and upoa such fresh Security being from Time to Time given, and the lame being made to appear by Indorsementon the original Bond by the Officers in whose Custody it shall be, such original Bond, so far as it relates to the former Master, shall from thenceforth be null and void (except with respect to any Breach or Breaches of the Conditions of such Bond which may have been committed before such Indorsement)

VIII. And whereas, for want of a sufficient Number of proper Officers in the Island of Newfoundland- and its Dependencies, and in some Parts of the Provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, Difficulties may occur in carrying the Provisions of the before-mentioned Act passed in the twenty-sixtk Year of his Majesty's Reign, into Execution, so far as may relate to small Vessels concerned in carrying, on the Fishery thereof, and in trading Coastwise Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Vessel whatever, not exceeding the Burthen of thirty Tons, and not having a whole or fixed Deck, and being employed solely in the Fishery on the Banks or Shores of Newfoundland, and of the Parts adjacent, or on the Banks or Shores of the Provinces of Quebeck9 Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, adjacent to the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, to the North of Cape Canso, or of the Islands within the same, or in trading Coast wife within the said Limits, shall be subject or liable to be registered by virtue or in pursuance of the said Act passed in the said twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or shall be liable to any Hindrance, Molestation, Obstruction, or Detention whatever, for or on account of not being so registered; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas many Ships or Vessels have been, and may hereafter be built in the said Island of Newfoundland, and in those Parts of the Provinces of £hi check, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick, adjacent to the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, and to the North of Cape Canso, or in the Islands within the said Limits, on account of Owners redding in his Majesty's European Dominions, which Ships or Vessels, by reason of the Absence of all the Owners, cannot be registered in those Places, in pursuance and under the Provisions of the said Act, so passed in the said twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Ships or Vessels shall and may be registered in the said Island of Newfoundland and its Dependencies, or in the Parts of the said Provinces of Quebeck, Nova Scotia* or New Brunswick, adjacent to the Gulph of Saint Lawrence, and to the North of Cape Canso, or in the Islands within the said Limits (before the Person authorised respectively at those Places to make Registry, and to grant Certificates thereof, in pursuance of the said Act), upon the Husbands or principal Agents of the said Ships or Vessels taking the Oath required by the said Act, instead of the same being taken by the Owners thereof; and the Certificates so granted shall be of the like Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if they had been granted upon the Oath of the Owners respectively, until such Time as such Ships or Vessels respectively shall arrive at some Port in his Majesty's European Dominions, where they may be respectively registered upon the Oath of the respective Owner or Owners thereof, but no longer; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And whenever such Ships or Vessels shall first arrive in any such Pert in his Majesty's European Dominions, the Certificates of Registry, granted in pursuance

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. ?g— 21. 351

of this Act, shall be utterly null and void, and shall be delivered up to be cancelled; and such Ships registered or Vessels shall and are hereby required to be respectively registered de novo, upon the Oath of the respective *Rreeable l® Owners being taken, and the other Requisitions of the said Act being complied with. Geo. 600

X. And whereas, by an Act made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, i»Car. *. c. 18. intituled, An Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigations certain Goods and Commodi- *eciiod$ ties, therein enumerated and described, are required to be imported into this Kingdom, either in Ships which belong to or are'of the Built of his Majesty's Dominions, or of the Built of the Country or Place of which the said Goods or Commodities are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture respectively, or of such Port where the said Goods or Commodities can only be, or most usually are, first shipped for Transportation.’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the hrft Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, any of the said Goods or Commodities so enumerated or described in the said Act, being the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, may be imported into Great Britain under the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions contained in the said Act; and also in an Act, made and passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs; and in another imported into Act, made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, GrCi4t Britain AnA 5? to repeal so much of the Act intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Ma- e®°*

jtfly's Cujlcmsf pnjfed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of King Charles the Second, as relates to the ysa^and 13 and prohibiting the Importation of Deal Boards and Fir Timber from Germany; either in Ships or Vessels ~ which, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, did truly and without Fraud wholly belong to his Majesty's Dominions, or which are of the Built of his Majesty's Dominions, and registered respectively according to Law, or in Ships or Vessels the Built of any Countries or Places in Eu-

Sc belonging to or under the Dominion of the Sovereign or State in Europe of which the said Goods or rnimodities, so enumerated or described as aforesaid, are the Growth, Production, or Manufacture respectively, or of such Ports where the said Goods or Commodities can only be, or are most usually, first shipped for Transportation, such Ships or Vessels being navigated with a Matter and three-fourths of the Mariners. at the lead, belonging to such Countries or Places, or Ports respectively, and in none other Ships or Vessels whatever; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great Britain from Gibraltar, in any Ship or Vessel which, before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, did truly without Fraud wholly belong to his Majesty's Dominions, or are of the Built of his Majesty's Dominions, navigated and registered Domi-

according to Law, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, being the Growth or Production of the Domi- n;o£/0#r sh!p§ nions of the Emperor of Morocco, and which shall have been imported into Gibraltar directly from any Part of the said Dominions not lying or being to the Southward of the Port of Mogadore, in Ships or Vessels belonging to or of the Built of his Majesty's Dominions, as before described, navigated and registered according to Law, or in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Subjects of the said Emperor of Morocco, upon Payment of the same Duties, and none other, as such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize are or shall be liable to upon being imported into Great Britain directly from Africa.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every such Case, such Goods so imported shall be accompanied with a Certificate under the Hand of the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or Commander in Chief of Gibraltar (or of any Person authorised by them, or either of them, to grant such Certificate}, setting foith that such Goods were brought into Gibraltar in such Ship or Vessel as above described.

Gibraltar in such Vessels as art required by this Act.

and from July 1, 1787, the Goods therein enumerated of the Growth, &c. of Europe, may bt

14 Car. ft. c. Il« and 6 Geo. 1. c. 15. in Ships which, before May f, 1786, belonged to his Majesty's Dominions, See,

Goods of Morocco imported into Gibraltar, may be imported from thence, in

nions, or Ships belonging thereto, prior to May 1, 17X6, on Payment of the same Duties as. it imported from Africa j

but such Goods must be accompanied with a Ctruncate, that they were imported into

XIII. And, for obviating all Doubts which may arise touching the Meaning and Construction of the said Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation,* be it enacted and declared, That all Ships and Vessels which by the said Act are declared not to be intitled to any of the Privileges or Advantages of a British-bu\\t Ship, or of a Snip owned by British Subjects, and’all Ships and Vessels not registered according to the Directions and Regulations of the said Act, shall, although such Ships and Vessels may be owned by his Majesty's Subjects,-be held and deemed, to all Intents and Purposes, as alien Ships, and shall in all Cases be liable to such and the same Penalties and Forfeitures as alien Ships, in the like cases, are or flball by Law be liable to.

All Vessels which by >6 Cto. 3. c. 60. are declared not to be intitled r» the Privilege! of a British-built Ship, Sec, to be deemed alien Ships.

CAP. XX.

An Act for varying and extending the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to purchase, of the Proprietors of Coal Mines and Coal Works on the Estate of Pitferran, in the County of Fife, the Right of Exemption from Payment of the Duty on Coals exported.

i 2 5 a C. 2 2. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Preamble;

Treasury tv a? tteat for the SaJe nr Leafing of the Premiss oerein ccified*

On Execution of Conveyance* of the said Pre-, /ri es and Payment of the Purchase Money, such Conveyances to be valid in Law,

Purchase Money to be applied as herein directed.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Ground belonging to his Majesty.

WHEREAS his Majesty is seised, in Right of his Crown* of the several Messuages or Tenements* Pieces or Parcels of Ground, herein after mentioned and defenb :d; and it will be for the Benefit of his Majesty and the Publick that all the said Messuages or Tenements, and Pieces or Parcels of Ground, should be sold, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof applied and disposed of in Manner herein after mentioned; and his Majesty is therefore pleased and contented that the same shall be fold, and the Money arising from such Sale disposed of in Manner herein after directed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to treat, contract, and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, their Heirs, Successors, and A (Tigris, for the Sale, or for the Leasing of all or any Part of the Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, in or to all or any of the Premises following, together with all and every their Rights, iYlcmbers, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging; that is to say, the House in Privy Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster, ufedas an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery; and also the several Houses in First Scotland Yard, within the Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, following; that is to say, the one lately used as an Office for his Majesty's Board of Works; the one in the Occupation of the late Surveyor General of his Majesty's Works, or his Under Tenants; the one in the Occupation of Phcebc Scoff; the one in the Occupation of John Jena, or his Under Tenants; the one late in the Occupation of Richard Ripley, late Resident Clerk or the Board of Works; the one late belonging to the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Board of Works, and nowin the Occupation of A'P Cleary and P riddle; and also the Ground, with the Wooden Sheds erected thereon, late belonging to the Master Carpenter of the Board of Works, with the Stable and two Coach Houses adjoining thereunto; and also the Messuages or Tenements in the Second and Third Scotland Turds, within the Precincts of his Majesty's Palace of Whitehall, within the Liberty of Westminster aforesaid, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Robert ]uarme, John Moujfdl, John Pullen, John Pheips, Robert Rcj}, Andrew Stephens, George Hujhands, John Roberts, and Sarah Lovegrove; and also the following Messuages or Tenements situate within the Precincts of Whitehatty that is to say, the one now or late in the Occupation of John Cooper; the one now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of George Fowler; the one now or late in the Holding of Holden; the one now in the Occupation of Samuel Pegge; the one now in the

Occupation of Isaac Clarke Gentleman; and the one now in the Occupation of Anselm Bayley Doctor in Divinity, Sub Dean of his Majesty's Chapel Royal; and also the several Houses and Parcels of Ground on Hampton Court Green, and adjoining thereto, in the County of Middlesex, following; that is to say, the Man lion House late in the Occupation of WhitJlocd Keene Esquire, and formerly holden by him as Surveyor General of his Majesty's Works; the Messuage or Tenement now or late in the Occupation of Willian* Rice, Clerk to his Majesty's Board of Works; the Parcels of Meadow Ground lying between the said Houses of the said Whitshed Keene and Willian* Rice and the River of Thames, and adjoining thereto, and row or late in the Occupation of the said Whitshed Keene and William Rice, or one of them; and also the Messuage or Tenement now or lately belonging to his Majesty's Master Gardener at Hampton Court aforesaid, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of William Pcdley, one of the Foremen to the said Master Gardener; the Messuage or Tenement now or late in the Occupation of Anderson; and the Messuage or Tenement now in the Occupation of George Shaw, his Majesty's Serjeant Farrier.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the executing Contrafts or Agreements By the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the J*ord High Treasurer for the Time being, or upon executing such other Conveyances, Surrenders, or Demises, as in such Contrail or Contrails shall be agreed on for that Purpose, and Payment of the Price, at such Time or Times as shall be agreed on, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid, to be applied and disposed of according to the Directions of this Act, such Conveyances, Alignments, Surrenders, and Demises, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall acquit and discharge every such Purchaser or Lessee, his and their Heir?, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all other Person or Persons claiming, or to claim, by, from, under, or in Trust for him or them, or the said Commissionenr, notwithstanding any Restraint or other Matter or Thing contained in an Act, made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and f the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, or any other Law or Statute whatever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising by such Sal.s or Contracts, or by any Conveyances, Alignments, Surrenders, or Demises made in pursuance thereof, of the said Messuages or Tenements and Premises so by this Actyefted in the Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof, shall be paiiLand applied, in pursuance of Warrants under the Hands of the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, in Manner following; that is to say, in the first Place, for paying and discharging all Expences incurred »a and about executing and completing fuc.i Sale or Sales as aforesaid, or relating thereto respectively, and for making Compensations to such of the Persons to whom the said Houses, or any of them, belonged in Right of their Offices, as shall be thought fit j and, after Payment of such Charges and Expences, and such Compensations,

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 22 - 2 353

the Surplus and Residue of the said Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid to the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Sett ion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the H oods, Forcjis, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, and to Jell or alienate Fee-farm and ether unimproveable Rents; and the same shall be laid out by the said Commissioners, and be dispoted of in like Manner as the Monies directed to be paid into the Bank of England under or by virtue of the said recited Act.

IV. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and General S*ting« all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and their Successors (other than and except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all such L'state, Righr, Title, Interest, and Demand whatever, which they or any of them have, or might have had, of, in, to, or out of the said Me flu ages or Tenements and Premises, or any of them, or any Part thereof, before the passing of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

---

[Publick act.]

And it is hereby declared to be a Publick Act of Parliament and all Judges, Justices, and others, are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-teven.

[2,500,000l.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-teven.

[1,500,000l.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

[1,500,000l.]

CAP. XXVI.

---

An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties, granted by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by

Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his preamble, rr present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences taken out by Persons let- citing25 Geo. 3. c ting Horses for the Purpfe of travelling PoJ?, and on Horses let to Hire for travelling Bojl, and by c. 51. c Time, and on Stage Coaches; and for granting ether Duties in lieu thereof; and afo additional Duties on Horjls let to IFire for travelling Pj/?, and by Dime), it was, amongst other Things, enacted,

That from and after the first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, among other Rates and Duties, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say. For and in respect of every Horse hired by the Mile or Stage,

to be used in travelling Post in Great Britain, a Duty of one Penny Halfpenny for every Mile such Horse should be hired to travel Post; and that for and in relpcd of every Horse hired for a Day, or any less Period of Time for drawing on any Publick Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Post or other- wife, by whatsoever Name such Carriages then were, or thereafter might be called or known, for or in respect whereof any Rates or Duties, then or thentofore under the Management of the Coirlmissioners of Excise, were or had been made payable by any Statute or Statutes then in force, there should be charged,

if the Distance should be then ascertained, the Sum of one Penny Halfpenny per Mile, and if the Distance should not be ascertained, there should be charged the Sum of one Shilling and nine Pence for and in respe<St of each Horse so hired; such Duty to be paid by the Person or Persons by whom such Horse should be hired: And whereas there is great-Reason to believe the said Rates and Duties have been greatly

evaded, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and From Aug. r, may be lawful, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, to and *7*7» the 1><a-for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, for the p^rm^he LM? Time being, and they are hereby impowered, either by themselves, or by his Majesty's Commissioners for p,aarrd t,y thce5 managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereunto duly authorised for that Purpose, recLied Art; under the Hand and Seal of the Lord High Treasurer, or under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, for that Purpose, to let to Farm the Rates and Duties herein-before

recited,

354 C. 26. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

recited, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to farm the same, according to the Regulations and in

the Manner herein after prescribed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, to fix such particular Distri#s as shall appear to them moil proper and convenient, for the Purpose of (arming out the said Duties separately in each Distri# to the bed Advantage.

III. And be it further enacted, That one Month’s Notice at the lead shall be given by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury,~or any three of them, or the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, authorised by them as aforesaid, in the London Gazette, of the Time and Place of letting the said Rates and Duties, specifying the Distri#s within which it is intended to let to Farm the said Duties, and the Sum at which it i9.proposed to put up the same, and also the Place or Office into which Proposals for farming the same shall be* delivered.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no such Proposals shall be'proceeded on, unless the same are so delivered in at lead three Days previous to die Day so appointed in the Gazette, signed with the Names of the Parties, dating the Places of their Abode who intend to become Bidders, and specifying the Distri# foe which they intend to bid.

and may fix separate Districts for farming the m.

On*. Month’i Notice to be given in the Gazette of the Time and Place of Jetting the Duties.

No PropofJ* for farming the Duties to be p" -cret’ed on unless driivered three Days previous to the Day appointed, &c.

Mode of Procedure in purling tip the said Duties, &c.

Clause to be in* lerted in Con-trails that they shall be void on any Resolution of the Commons.

If the Duties of any Distri& fl.<*uld not be let - at the Time fixed by Adver-ticement, a future Day may be appointed for that Purpose. Deputations to be given to the Per.inns contra £1irg to farm the Duties, appointing them Collectors thereof*

Peefont farming thf Duties may vary the Mode of keeping AC-. counts under the

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, authorised as aforesaid, shall let the said Rates and Duties arising within any such Distri# as aforesaid, for any Term not exceeding three Years, and the same shall respectively be put up at a Rent not less than the gross Amount which they shall appear to have produced within the Year ending on the first Day of Aug-t/l one thousand seven hundred and eighty-lix; and that the Bidding for the same shall be conduced under such Regulations as shall be established for the Purpose by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three of them, or by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, duly authorised as aforesaid; and the Person who shall be the highest Bidder shall be the Farmer or Renter of the said Rates and Duties, or such Part thereof as shall be then put up to let, for the said Term of three Years, or such other shorter Term as may be determined on, and as shall be inserted in the Gazette, and shall forthwith execute a Contrail, to be prepared in pursuance of this Act, and give Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with three or more fu/ficient Sureties, for Payment to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of the Money or yearly Rent so contracted for the said Rent to be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty's Stamp Duties, at the Head Office of Stamps, in equal Portions, by eight several Payments in the Year; that is to say. On the fifteenth of September, the first of November, the sixteenth of December, the first of February, the sixteenth of March, the first of May, the sixteenth of June, and the first of August, in every Yrear, unless any of the said Days shall be on a Sunday, and then the next Day thereafter; the rim Payment thereof to commence and be made on executing the said Contract, and so continue to be made on every succeeding Day of Payment in each Year, during the Continuance of the Contract, and before the Expiration of the Term for which the said Rates and Duties shall have been so let to Farm,

VJ. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Contract which shall be entered into in pursuance of this Act, there shall be inserted a Clause, declaring that the same shall be made void on any Resolution made by the House of Commons for that Purpose, upon six Months Notice being given by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, to any Person entering into such Contract.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Distr i#s so fixed on, shall not be let to Farm at the Time fixed by such Advertisement, for want of Offers to farm the same in the Manner herein-before provided, the Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the Commissioners of Stamps (authorised as aforesaid), may fix such future Day or Days as they shall judge most proper for letting such Districts respectively, in the Manner and upon the Notice hereinbefore provided.

VIII. And be it further ehafled. That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three of them, or the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, authorised as aforesaid, upon any Contract being entered into, and Bond given as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to deliver to the Person or Persons farming such Rates and Duties, and executing such Contract, a Deputation, Commission, or Authority, Under the Hands and Seals of three or more of them, appointing such Persons to be the Collectors of the said Rates and Duties so let to him or them respectively as aforesaid, and authorising such Person so farming the said Rates and Duties to take Securities by Bonds from the Persons licensed, in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with such Conditions respectively as are required by the said recited Act, and to do, perform, and execute all and every the Powers, Acts, Matters, and Things, touching the collecting, managing, or accounting for the said Rates and Duties so farmed to him or them respectively, within and for his or their Distri#, Division, or Collection, as fully and este#ually as the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, under the said recited Act, are impowered and authorised to do.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so farming the said Rates and Duties, with the Consent of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to vary the Mode of keeping the weekly Account, directed, by the hereinbefore

A. -B. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 26. 355

bcfo»t*ccited Act t-bctept by the several Persons who let outHorfes to Hire for travelling Post, or by Time, in such Manner as they shall judge most convenient for keeping the said Accounts; and they shall also be at Liberty, by any Indorsement, or on the Face of the Tickets or Certificates to be delivered by them to the several licensed Persons, to add the Name or Number of the District which they shall so farm, and that any Person forging or counterfeiting the said Tickets, or aiding or assisting the rein, or uttering or publishing as true any false, forged, or counterfeited Ticket, Note, or Certificate, with ah Intent to defraud the said Farmer or Farmers of any of the said Rates or Duties, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as other pecuniary Penalties are by the said herein-before recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all other Directior.s, Matters, ai# Things, pveferibed or appointed by the said herein-before recited Act, with relation to the said Rates and Duties, or to the Persons appointed or to be appointed to collect the same, and not hereby altered, shall be in full Force and Effect, and carried into Execution by die Person or Persons farming the same, and appointed Collectors thereof by the said Commissioners of Stamps as aforesaid, as folly, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same, and every of them, had severally been re-enacted in this Act; and the said Persons so farming the said Rates and Duties shall have all and every the like Remedies for the Recovery of the Money payable for, or which shall have arisen from, the said Rates and Duties, within their respective Districts, Divsions'or Collections, so farmed by them as aforesaid, as the Collectors appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, now are entitled to have. -

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Securities, pBonds, or Obligations, taken by the Person or Persons farming the said Rates and Duties, from such Postmastersj Innkeepers, or other licensed Persons under this or the said recited Act, shall be taken in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall and may be sued and prosecuted in the Name of his Majesty. his Heirs or Successors, by and with the Content of his Majesty's Attorney General in England, or Advocate General in Scotland-f and all Actions, Suits, or Informations, sued or prosecuted for any Penalty forfeited by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall and may be sued and prosecuted in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or in the Name of his Majesty's said Attorney General, or Advocate General, respectively, or by any Person who shall prosecuteor sue for the same, in the Manner in the said recited Act directed: Provided, That all Actions, Suits, or Informations, sued or prosecuted in the Name of any such Farmer or Farmers, shall be held and deemed to be popular Actions, Suits, or Informations, respectively to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons farming the said Rates and Duties as aforesaid, to have and use the like Remedies for the Recovery thereof, against the Persons appointed to receive the same, by Extent or otherwise, which may be had or used for any Duties payable directly to the King’s Majesty*

thereof at for Duties payable

XIII. And, in order to prevent Disputes concerning the said herein-before recited Duties, in Cases where the same may be collected in one District, Division, or Collection, and the Tickets may be delivered in a different District, Division, or Collection, be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall belong, and the Tickets issued thereupon shall be returned and accounted for to the Person or Persons respectively who shall he the Farmer or Fanners of the several Duties arising within the District, Division, or Collection where such Tickets shall have issued, and where the Postmasters, Innkeepers, or other licensed Persons issuing the same shall reside; and the Gatekeepers at whose Gates such Ticket shall be delivered, shall return the same to the Farmer of the Rates and Duties from whose District such Ticket shall have issued, at the Time and in the Manner the same are directed to be returned to the several Collectors by the said recited Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Perton so licensed as aforesaid, residing in the City of London or Liberty of Westminster, or within five Miles of the Head Office for Stamps, or within the Bills of Mortality, shall bring in and deliver to the Farmer or Farmers so appointed Collector or Collectors of the said Rates and Duties, the Accounts directed by the said recited Act to be delivered, and shall pay at such Place in London or Westminster, and at such Times, as shall be appointed by publick Notice in the London Gazette, by Order of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, the Money due on such Accounts; and all and every licensed Person, not residing within five Miles of the Head Office of Stamps, nor within the Bills of Mortality, shall, at the Times and at the Places to be mentioned at the Foot of the Licence granted to him, her, at them, and afterwards at the Foot of every Receipt given by the Collector for the Money paid on Account of the said Duties, attend, and there deliver in and pass his Accounts, and pay the Duty received by him, her, or them, to the Person so appointed Collector thereof, under the Penalty in the said herein-before recited Act directed Provided always, That no such licensed Person shall be compelled to travel, for the Payment of the said Duties, farther than to the Market Town nearest to his or her Habitation.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons farming the said Rates and Duties, and appointed Collectors thereof, shall, in pursuance of such Appointment, be disqualified from voting at any Election or Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That no Contract for letting the Duties herein mentioned to Farm, shall be made with any Person or Persons licensed to let Horses for the Purpose of travelling Pod, nor to any one for his or their Ule, or on his or their Behalf, or so as that he or they shall have any interest therein, or Benefit herefrom, but that the same (if so made) shall be utterly null and void; and that if any such Contract shall be assigned to any Person or Persons as aforesaid, or to any other Person or Persons for his or their Use, so

zj Geo. III. 3 A that

recited Act of H^r'es let to Hire, tr. and Perst ns frauriu. lenily forging their Conift. cates, forfeit

50 r

Powers of the recited Act, noj hereby altered, to continue in the Persons farming the Duties.

Bonds from Ion-keepers. Sec. to be taken in the Name of his Majesty, &c.

Persons fkrfluog the Duties to hare the same Remedies for Recovery to his Majesty#

Duties to belong 10 the District from whence the Tickets are issued.

Innkeepers, &c. within five Milts of the Head Office for Stamp?, or svitlvn the Bills of Mortality, to deliver to the Farmers of the Duties the Ac* Counts required by the recited Act, dfc.j but not to be compelled to travel further than the nearest Market Town. Farmers of the Duties may vote for Members of Parliament.

Duties not to be farmed by any Person licensed lo let HoxfeJ.

356 C. 27. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. -A.D. 1787.

> if

that he or they shall have any Interest therein, or Benefit therefrom, that such Alignment shall also be utterly null and void. 17:]

XVII. And be it further ena£le<i. That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be Cued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any.

[General Issue.]

Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue,

and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence}

---

[Treble Costs.]

and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP XXVII.

An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions.

[Preamble, reciting 6 Geo. 3. c. 49.]

'WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening and establishing certain Ports in the Island of Jamaica and Dominica; for the more free Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes; for granting certain Duties to defray the Expences of opening, maintaining, securing, and improving such Ports; for ascertaining the Duties to be paid upon the Importation of Goods from the said Island of Dominica into this Kingdom; and for securing the Duties upon Goods imported from the said Island into any other British Colony;

[14 Geo. 3. c. 41. and 21 Geo. 3. c. 29.]

and by two several Acts made and passed in the fourteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, the several Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, are now open for the free Importation of certain Goods and Merchandize: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, in so far as the same in any wise relate to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to or from the aforesaid Ports, or any of them, or to the Admission of any Ships or Vessels into the said Ports, or any of them, or to any Duties payable on such Importation, Exportation, or Admission; and that those Ports, together with the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, and the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence one of the Bahama Islands, should be opened under proper Regulations and Restrictions:'

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From Sept. 1. 1787, the recited Acts to be repealed, as far as they relate to the Importation and Exportation of Goods to or from the Ports therein mentioned, &c.;]

That the several Acts made and passed in the said sixth, fourteenth, and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be, and the same are hereby repealed, in so far as the same in any wise relate to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to or from the aforesaid Ports, or any of them; or to the Admission of any Ships or Vessels into the said Ports, or any of them, or to any Duties payable on such Importation, Exportation, or Admission.

[and from that Day, the Articles herein enumerated, of the Growth of any Colony in America belonging to a foreign European State, may be imported into the Ports herein mentioned in one-decked foreign European Vessels, not exceeding 70 Tons Burthen.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September, Wool, Cotton-wool, Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood, Fustick, Sorts of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise-shell, Hardwood, or Mill Timber, Mahogany, and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware, Horses, Asses, Mules, and Cattle being the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign, or State, and all Coin and Bullion, Diamonds, or precious Stones, may be imported from any of the said Colonies or Plantations into the several Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, in any foreign Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, not having more than one Deck, and not exceeding the Burthen of seventy Tons, and being owned and navigated by the Subjects of any foreign European Sovereign or State; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[If any Articles not herein enumerated should be imported into any of the said Ports, they and the Vessels, &c. to be forfeited.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, except such as are herein-before enumerated, shall be imported in any such foreign Sloop, Schooner, or Vessel whatever, from any of the Colonies or Plantations in America belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European sovereign or State, into any of the before-mentioned Ports, upon any Pretence whatever, upon Pain of forfeiting the same, together with the Sloop, Schooner, or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, and the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of such Sloop, Schooner, or Vessel; and in every such Case the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs or Navy, who are or shall be authorised or empowered to make Seizures in Cases of Forfeiture, and shall and may be prosecuted in such Manner as herein after is directed.

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 27. 357

[Rum, Negroes, and Goods legally imported except Masts &c. may be exported from the said Ports to such foreign Colonies in America, in one-decked foreign European Vessels, not exceeding 70 Tons Burthen.]

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said first Day of September to export from any of the said Ports to any of the Colonies or Plantations in America belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, in any Sloop, Schooner, or other Vessel whatever, owned and navigated by the Subjects of any foreign European Sovereign or State, not having more than one Deck, and not exceeding the Burthen of seventy Tons, Rum of the Produce of any British island, and also Negroes which shall have been brought into the said Islands respectively in British-built Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and all Manner of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall have been legally imported into the said Islands respectively, except Masts, Yards, or Bowsprits, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, and Tobacco; and also except such Iron as shall have been brought from the British Colonies or Plantations in America; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[The Legality of the Importation of such Goods to be proved before Exportation.]

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Doubt shall arise whether such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, intended to be so exported, shall have been legally imported into the said Islands of Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New Providence respectively, the legality of such Importation shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, before such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be suffered to be shipped for Exportation.

[The Articles herein enumerated may be exported from Jamaica, &c. to Great Britain or Ireland, under the Regulations of 12 Car. 2. c. 18.; 22 and 23 Car. 2. c. 26.; and 20 Geo. 3. c. 20.]

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September, all Wool, Cotton Wool, Indigo, Cochineal, Drugs of all Sorts, Cocoa, Logwood, Fustick, and all Sorts of Wood for Dyers Use, Hides, Skins, and Tallow, Beaver and all Sorts of Furs, Tortoise-shell, Mahogany, and all other Woods for Cabinet Ware, of the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, belonging to or under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, shall be allowed to be exported from the said Islands of Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New Providence respectively, to Great Britain or Ireland, under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures particularly mentioned and provided in an Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation; and in another Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-second and twenty-third Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade; and in another Act of Parliament, made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to allow the Trade between Ireland, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, and the British Settlements on the Coast of Africa, to be carried on in like Manner as it is now carried on between Great Britain and the said Colonies and Settlements; or in any of the said Acts, with respect to the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize therein enumerated or described.

[If any Goods of the Growth, &c. of Europe, the East Indies, &c. be exported from Grenada, Dominica, or Bahama, to any British Colony in America, or the West Indies, they are forfeited, with the Vessels, &c.]

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of September, no Goods or Commodities whatever, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, or the East Indies, or other Places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall, upon any Pretence whatever, be exported from the Islands of Grenada or Dominica, or from the Bahama Islands to any other British Colony or Plantation in America, or the West Indies, upon Pain of forfeiting such Goods or Commodities, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so exported, and the Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture of such Ship or Vessel; and in every such Case the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Navy, who are or shall be authorised and impowered to make Seizures in Cases of Forfeiture; and shall and may be prosecuted in such Manner as herein after is directed.

[No Duty or Fee to be taken at Jamaica, &c. for any Entry of foreign Vessels, on Penalty inflicted by 5 Geo. 3. c. 45.]

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Duty of Gunpowder, nor any Fee or Reward whatever, shall be demanded, taken, or received, by any Officer or Officers whatever in the said Islands of Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New Providence respectively, for any Entry, Cocquet, Clearance, or Passport, for any foreign Ship or Vessel, or for any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into or exported from the said Islands respectively, in such foreign Ships or Vessels, under the like Pains and Penalties as are inflicted upon Officers exacting or receiving greater Fees than are allowed by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for more effectually securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's American Dominions; for repealing the Inland Duty on Coffee imposed by an Act made in the thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second; and for granting an Inland Duty on all Coffee imported (except Coffee of the Growth of the British Dominions in America); for altering the Bounties and Drawbacks upon Sugars exported; for repealing Part of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty, whereby Bar Iron made in the said Dominions was prohibited to be exported from Great Britain, or carried Coastwise; and for regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs in the said Dominions.

[How Penalties are to be recovered and divided.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be respectively prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Islands in America, in the same Manner or Form, and by the same Rules and Regulations, in all Respects, as any other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Security of the Revenue of the Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or for the Regulation of Trade or Navigation, and which were in force immediately before the passing of this Act, may be respectively prosecuted, sued for, recovered, and divided, in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies or Islands in America.

358 C. 28 Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

[Act to continue to force to Sept. 1, 1792, and to the End of the then next Session.]

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force to the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

---

From May 10,

1787, the following Datiei re to be paid oil _ the Importation of Glass, over and above the present Duties, vis.

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Duties should be granted on GUds imported into Great Britain from the European Dominions of the French King, in order to countervail the internal Duties payable on the Manufacture thereof in this Kingdom; and also certain additional Duties on Glass imported from other Parts \ and that further Provision should be made for charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain: We. your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, over and above all other Duties due and payable upon all Glass which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the French King, or from any other Place whatsoever, the several Inland Duties following; that is to say.

F*r every square Foot of French Plate Glefi,

I ». 5 d. % q. For every Cwt, of French Flint G)tfs,&c. 11 91. For every Cwt, of French Broad Glafa, 8 i«r 1 d. For every Cwt. of Freach Crown, or German Sheet GU/i, X9f. 10 d.

For every Cwt. of Freoch Bottles, 4a. od. *q. For every Cwt. of Plate Glass, or ether Glass, not 01 her wife enumerated, x 1. 8 1.

For every square Foot, superficial Measure, of French Plate Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and five Pence Halfpenny; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of French Flint Glass, or French Enamel, Stained, or Parts Glafc, or French Phiai Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of one Pound and nine Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of French Spread Window Glass, commonly called Broad Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Shillings and one Penny; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of other French Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether flatbed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of nineteen Shillings and ten Pence; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of French Bottles (not being Phials) which shall contain more or left than a Quart, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings and one Halfpenny; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight ofrlate Glass, and all other Glass Manufactures, not otherwise particularly enumerated or described, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the Sum of one Pound and eight Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; tie said several Duties upon Glass to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof.

Duties to be paid by the Importer.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland tvspectiveljr.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

From May so, 1787, the following Drawbacks to be psfd s» the Export a-

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in England\ shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the find Duties hereby granted shall be

carried to, and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, created by an Act made in this SdHon of Parliament (intituled An rfftfor repealing several Duties of Customs and Excise\ and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties competing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom 5 and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, r/-maining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reau£tion of the National Debt); and shall be issued and applied to the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties which constitute the said Fund are di-. rested to be issued and applied.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth Day of Mey one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there shall be paid the following Drawbacks Tor, and upon all Glass which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Pails; that is to say,

ti*a of GUIs aide U Great Britain, tis,

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 28. 359

For every square Foot, superficial Measure, of Plate Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties by the said above recited* A6K made in this Session or Parliament, imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, the Sum of one Shilling and five Pence Halfpenny; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Flint Glass, or Enamelled, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties by the said Ail, made in this Session of Parliament, imposed in reflect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, the Sum of one Pound and nine Shillings; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass (commonly called or known by the Name of Bread Glass) which shall be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties by the said Act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, the Sum of eight Shillings and one Penny; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether ffashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass, or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties by the said Act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, the Sum of nineteen Shillings and ten Pence; and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

Tor every Hundred Weight of common Bottles (the same not being Phials), and of Vessels made use of in chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils made of common Bottle Metal, which shall be made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties by the said Act imposed, in respect thereof, shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, the Sum of four Shillings and one Halfpenny; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity:

For every squara Foot of Plate Glass, 1». y<S~

% q.

For every Cvt»

of Flint Glafo Acc. 11. 9 f.

For every- Cwt. of Broad Gl&if, 8a# 1 d.

For every CwU of Crown or German Sheet Cleft, ftc. 19 a. 10 d.

For every Cwt* of common Bottle*, 4 a. oi. aq*

Which said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise by the said Act made in this Session of Parliament imposed, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, contained and provided in and by an Act, made in the twenty>sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to limit a Time for the Repayment of the Duties on Male Servants and Carriages by the Commissioners of Excise \ and also on Horses, Waggon', Wains, and Carts, by the Commissioners of Stamps; and for the Amendment offever a I Laws rt fating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise), concerning the Exportation of Glass.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the Duty of Excise, now chargeable and payable for or in respe«£t of any Materials or Metal or other Preparations made use of in Great Britain, in the making of Cast Plate Glass, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at and after the Rate of one Pound one Shilling and five Pence Halfpenny per Hundred Weight for all Cast Plate Glass which shall be made in Great Britain, and w.nch shall be ftjuared into Plates of a Superficies not left than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five Inches, and of a 1 hickness according to their Superficies, as hereiiwftc* mentioned and described.

How Drawbarbc are to be paid.

In lien if the

present Duty of Excise, fbero shall be paid at the Rate of 1 1.

I 1. 5<J. aq« for eteryCwt. of Cast PLte GUfa

made in Great Britain of the Dimensions herein def ribed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Thickness of all such Cast Plates of Glass shall be as herein after is mentioned; that is to say, ten twentieth Parts of an Inch at the lead in Thickness, if the superficial Content of such Plate shall be six thousand one hundred and forty-seven square Inches, and upwards; nine twentieth Parts <3f an Inch at the least in Thickness, if the superficial Content of such Plate shall be under six thousand one hundred and forty seven, and not less than five thousand two hundred and fifteen square Inches; eight twentieth Parts of an Inch at the least in Thickness, if the fuj>erficial Content of such Plate shall be under five thousand two hundred and fifteen, and not less than four thousand two' hundred and eighty-two square Inches; seven twentieth Parts of an Inch at the lead: iri Thickness, if the superficial Content of such Plate shall be under four thousand two hundred and eighty-two, and not less than three thousand three hundred and fifty square Inches; fix twentieth Parts of an Inch at the least in Thickness, if the superficial Content of such Plate shall be under three thousand three hundred and fifty, and not Ids than two thousand four hundred and seventeen square Inches; and five twentieth Parts of an Inch at the least in Thickness, if the superficial Content shall be under two thousand four hundred and seventeen, and notlcfe. than one thousand (our hundred and eighty-five square Inches.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Cast Plate Glass shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw any Cast Plate Glass out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch, give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, six Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, and twelve Hours

'Notice in Writing in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention to draw any Cast Plate Glass out of his, her, or their Annealing Arch; and such Officer shall attend to fee such Cast Plate Glass drawn out of the Annealing Arch; and such Maker or Makers shall immediately, on any such Cast Plate Glass being so drawn out of the Annealing Arch in the Presence of such Officer, proceed to square all such Cast Plate Glass; and such Cast Plfcte Glass, immediately 00 the same being so squared, shall, together with the Cullett arising from the (quaring thereof, be weighed in the Presence of such Officer; and if any such

Of whit Proportion Cro»n Plate G alamnft be in Thitkness to its fupcrhcixl Come n is.

Notice of fffTn-tentico to draw Cast Piste Glass Out of the e n-ntalirp Arch to be *ii tn to the Officer, tec.

C. 28

36a

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Maker or Makers shall begin to draw from his, her, or their Annealing Arch, any such Cad Plate Glass without giving such Notice as is in that Behalf he rein-before directed to be given, he, she, or they shall, for Penalty on Ne- each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds: Provided always, That if any such Maker gic* or Makers, having given any such Notice as aforesaid, shall not begin and proceed to draw out of hrs, her,

If such Glass be or their Annealing Arch all the Cast Plate Glass by him, her, or them then intended to be drawn out of such not drawn out Annealing Arch at the Time mentioned in such Notice, or within one Hour after such Time, then such Nb-5*n a* iTwithin *cc vo* ’ an<^ ^a^er or Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice to such Officer of the

nn* Hoerof tie Time when such Calf Plate Glass is intended to be drawn from such Annealing Arch.

Time mentioned in the Notice, it is void.

*If GUfs be not Squared ano weighed as before directed, the Officer to charge the Duty thereon at the Ra*e of 11. 1 a, 5 d. 2 q. for very Cwt. of the Materials; -at which Rate be is to make a Charge on the Materials in every Case where the Plates do not weigh two-thirds of the Weight of such Materials,

All Cast Plate Glass not fqnsred into Plates, to be b-oken into imall Pieces, on Penalty of 501.

If Cast Plate Olafi he re- rt'oved befoiethe Duty iicharged, the Maker to -forfeit 50 1. anal ,che Glass.

An Account to be kept by the Maker of the Waste of the Materials in maJongtheSorts of Glass herein enumerated, from July I, 4787, till Jon. I, J7S8, &c.

TUittes to be kcr as directed by any Alts now in force concerning the Duties on GUfs, 9c,c.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to square, in the Presence of such Officer, any such Ca(t Plate Glass immediately on the same being so drawn out of the Annealing Arch, or shall neglect or refuse to weigh any such Cast Plate Glass immediately on the same being squared, together with the Cullett arising from the squaring thereof, in the Presence of such Officer as aforesaid, such Officer shall, in each and every such Case, charge such Maker or Makers with a Duty of Excise at and after the Rate of one Pound one Shilling and live Pence Halfpenny for each and every Hundred Weight of the Metal, Materials, and other Preparations made use of in the making of such Cast Plate Glass.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time any Plate or Plates of Cast Plate Glass, together with the Cullett cut off in (quaring such Plate or Plates, shall not weigh two-thirds of the grols gauge Weight which the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations from whence the same shall be produced, gauged in the Founding or Melting Pot or Pots, after the same was or were skimmed, the Deficiency shall be deemed and taken to have been fraudulently conveyed away; and it (hiill and may be lawful to and for the Officer, under whole Survey such Maker or Makers shall be, to charge such Maker or Makers for the Quantity so being deficient with a Duty of Excise at and after the Rate of one Pound one Shilling and five Pence Halfpenny for every Hundred Weight of the Metal, Materials, and other Preparations made use of in the making of such Cast Plate Glass.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Cast Plate Glass shall break into small Pieces, to the Satisfaction of the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers shall be, immediately upon being requested so to do by such Officer, all Cast Plate and all Cullett which shall not be squared into Plates according to the Directions of this Act, so as to render such Glass and Cullett unfit for any Purpose but that of re-melting; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse so to do, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Cast Plate Glaft shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away from the Glass House in which the same shall be made, any Cast Plate Glass by him, her, or them made, until the proper Officer shall have taken an Account thereof, and the Duty imposed for or in respeCfc thereof shall have been duly charged upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and all such Glals which shall be removed or sent away contrary to the Directions of this Act shall be forfeited, together with the Package containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker or Manufacturer of any Plate, Flint, Enamel, Stained, or rafte Glass, or of Spread Window Glass, commonly called BroadGlajst or of Window Glass (not being Spread Glass), whether flatbed, or otherwise manufactured, commonly called Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass, or of commorr Bottles and Vessels made use of in chemical Laboratories, or of Garden Glasses, or any other Vessel or Veilbls made of common Bottle Metal, shall, from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and until the first Day of January which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, keep an exact and distinct Account of the real Waste of all Materials, Metal, or other Preparations, which shall from Time to Time arise or be incurred in the making or manufacturing any of the Sorts of Glass herein-before enumerated; and that within six Weeks after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, such Maker or Manufacturer shall transmit a Copy of such Account to the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively; which Account shall be verified upon Oath by such Maker or Manufacturer, or his or her chief Workman or Servant, before any one or more of the said Commissioners j-espectively, or before the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or District in which such Maker or Manufacturer shall reside.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Dories by this Act imposed shall, from Time to Time, be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules, and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force concerning the Duties imposed for or in respect of the Materials, Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of Glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing a Drawback upon Glass, is directed or prescribed; and that the said Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, for the railing, receiving, levying, recovering^ securing, or paying the said Duties so imposed, for or in respect of the Material or Metal, or other Preparations made use of in the making of Glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing any Drawback upon Glass, are and shall be continued, practised, and pot

---

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 29, 30. 361

in Execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the Duties upon Cast Plate Glass by this Act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

[Limitation of Actions.]

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act. such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County,

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise,

[Treble Costs.]

then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for obviating Objections to the Competency of Witnesses in certain Cases.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS by divers Acts of Parliament pecuniary Penalties inflicted for certain Offences, or Parts of such Penalties, are directed to be applied for or to the Use of the Poor of the Parishes, Townships, or Places, within which such Offences were committed: And whereas, in divers of such cases, the Parishioners or Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places, are not admissible Witnesses to prove the Perpetration of such Offences within such Parishea, Townships, or Places, by reason whereof it has been found difficult to bring Offenders to Justice:' Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and-Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From Aug. 1, 1787, the inhabitant of any Place to be a competent Witness to prove an Offence, though the Place may be benefited by the Conviction of the Offender,]

That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, the Inhabitants of every Parish, Township, or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence within the Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred by such Offence, or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, or otherwise, for the Benefit or Use, or in Aid or Exoneration of such Parish, Township, or Place.

[unless the Penalty exceed 20l.]

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Action or Proceeding in which the Penalty or Penalties to be recovered shall exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous Liquors.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Duties should be paid by all Persons who shall takeout Licences to deal by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects , the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the*Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Sums following, for and upon all Licences to be taken out annually, in Manner herein after mentioned, by all Persons who shall retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors or strong Waters within Great Britain; that is to say.

Every Person who shall-retail.any distilled Spirituous Liquors or strong Waters within Great Britain, shall (over and besides any Licence or Licences to which such Person was liable at and immediately before the eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven) take out a Licence, and pay for the same the Sum of two Pounds and eight Shillings, if the Dwelling-house in which such Person shall reside, or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or strong Waters at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, under the Authority of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for imposing Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of fifteen Pounds per Annvmy or upwards:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, as aforesaid, at fifteen Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under twenty Pounds, then such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of two Pounds and sixteen Shillings:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, as aforesaid, at twenty Pounds per Annum> or upwards, and ander twenty-five Pounds, then such Person

From July 5, 1787, the following additional Duties to be paid on Lice ik9* for retailing Spirituos ot Liquors^ vie.

1 1. 8 s. if the Rent of the Retailer*! Hoof, &c. be under

*51*

11. 16 s. if 15). and under aaL

3 1. 4 r. if the Rent be aol and under 25I*

3«2

C. 3a. > Anno viced mo septimo Georgii in A.D. 1787.

3 l. in if 15U and under jo I.

4l. if 301. and under 401.

.4 1. 8 f. if 40 1. and under 50 I.

4 I. i6«. if $oh or upwards.

Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the lame the Sum of three Pounds and

four Shillings:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, as aforesaid, at twenty-five Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under thirty Pounds, then such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, ai\d pay for the lame the Sum of three Pounds and twelve Shillings:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, a^nd Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, as aforesaid, at thirty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under forty Pounds, then such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of four Pounds:

If such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, as aforesaid, at forty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, and under fifty Pounds, then such Person or Persons shall take out a Licence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of four Pounds and eight Shillings:

And if such Dwelling-house shall, together with the Offices, Courts, Yards, and Gardens, therewith occupied, be rated, as aforesaid, at fifty Pounds per Annum, or upwards, then such Person or Persons shall take outaLicence as aforesaid, and pay for the same the Sum of four Pounds and sixteen Shillings.

Mode of p*y!ng 4ot Licence*.

AVfcoftretngrsat Licences, and to whom the Du-tif* for the faint nt€ to be paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who {haH take out such Licence as aforesaid, shall immediately pay down one eighth Part of the Money hereby directed to be paid for such Licence so to be taken out as aforesaid, and shall, at the End of every A c Weeks, to be reckoned from the Time of taking out such Licence, pay down another eighth Part of the Money to be paid for such Licence, until the whole of the Money hereby directed to be paid for such Licence shall be paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, appoint for that Purpose; and the said several and respective Duties shall be paid at the chief Office of Excite in London \ but if any such Licence shall be taken out in that Part of Great Britain called England not within the said Limits, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Collectors and *Supervisors of Excise, within their respective Collections and Districts; and the said several and respective Duties shall be paid for the same to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted: And that in case any such Licence shall be taken out within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, or of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, appoint for that Purpose $ and the several and respective Duties for the same shall be paid at the chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh; or if any such Licence shall be taken out in that Part of Great Britain called* Scotland, without the said Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of the several Coliedors and Supervisors of Excise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Districts; and the several and refractive Duties for the same shall be paid to the Collector of Excise within whose Collection such Licence shall be so granted 5 and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or two or more of them respectively, an 1 the Persons so to be appointed by them respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, and ai(b all Inch Coliedors or Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, upon Payment of one eighth Part of the Money hereby directed to be paid for the same, in Manner herein-before directed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, after the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of taking out any such Licence as aforesaid, unless such Person or Persons shall take out fresh Licences, in the Manner herein-before directed, ten Days at least before the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of taking out such former Licence, and so in like Manner from Year to Year and that if any Person or Persons shall, after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, retail any distiBed Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, without first taking out such Licence, and renewing the same yearly, in Manner aforesaid 5 or if Default shall be made in Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money hereby directed to be paid for any such Licence, the Person or Persons in that Behalf offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds: Provided always, That Persons retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, in Partnership in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one such Licence, in any one Year, for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters; and that no one Licence, which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorise or impower any Person or Persons, to whom the same shall be granted, to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in any other Place than the Houses or Places wherein he, she, or they, did retail distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters ax the Time of granting such Licence.

f/*e;wef to^e renewed jearly.

’Pjerson* retail*

*itvg Spirrtucot J.icuors without Licence, or not paying the Duty for the same, to forfeit 1001.

One Licence f efficient for t Partner ship ia one House.

Licence not to authorise the Sale of Liquor* in any other House than the oee for which it iui granted.

SVthV-M^0IU* 4 And, the better collcding, railing, levying, and securing the Duties by this Actimpefed upon

r«i<ment of the Licences as aforesaid, ’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Duties as Commissioner* are charged upon such Licences in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under ot Eftcite in the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise in England for the

Enghnd and Time

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 30,31. 363

Time being; and such of the said Duties as are charged upon such Licenses in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second ('intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and tenures in capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof); or by any other Law now in force relating to his A4a-jesty’s Revenues of Excise, or Inland Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are prescribed by this Act, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excile, or by Action of Debt, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed upon Licences as aforesaid (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County 5 and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or other wise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Scotland respectively.

Powen of any Acts now in forte relation ta the Revenue? of Excise ro extend to this Act.

Ffow Fen^lret are to be recovered and divided.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Limitation

Actiocs.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in foreign Wines for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and for amending several L^ws relative to the Revenue of Excise.

Out of the Duties on foreign Wine imposed by 27 Geo. 3. c. 13. are to be paid to the Dealers in such Wine for their Stock between May 9 and 15, the Sums following, viz. For every Tun of French Wine imported into the Port of London, 49l. 4d. For every Tun of Portugal or Spanish Wine so imported,

44 14l. 9 j. 1 od. For every Tun of French Wine imported into any other Port than London, 4 SL ijs.$d.

*4 For every Tun of Portugal ox Spanish Wine so imported, 12l. i8j. 8 d. No Allowances to be paid unless applied for before Juh 5, 17^7, &c. $ nor unless a Certificate be produced, that the Duty of Cuf- toms had been paid. No Dealer to be entitled to any Allowance until a Month after Application, nor unless his Stock exceed a Turn Allowances to be paid at four equal Payments. If such Wine be export- ed, the Drawback to be the same as for Wine imported after May to, 1787. If any Excels be found in the Stock of any Dealer, it is forfeited, and also double its Value. Allowances may be paid out of any Excise Duties, if those on foreign Wines should be insufficient."

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within thirty Days next after the Master wMdn thirty or Purler, for that Voyage, of the Ship or Vessel wherein any French printed, stained, painted, or dyed D'J* after Re-Callico, Muslin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Suff (other than such fcYbringiii* as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only), or French Beer, Ale, or Mum, for or in respect where- French c»ilt-of any Duty of Excise is imposed by the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament, shall be imported or coe», &c. Entry brought into this Kingdom, mall have or ought to have made a just and true Entry or Report, upon Oath, of the Gown t# of the Burthen, Contents, and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, {£eCoir.a'or of made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for E preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Customs, the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or penalty of their Importers, Consignee or Consignees, of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, shall being forfeited, make due Entry with the Collector of Excise in the Port or Place where the same shall be so imported, of *7 Geo. III. 3B all

364. C. 31. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively on board of such Ship or Vessel, belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, specifying in such Entry the Number of Casks or other Packages^ with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them, containing any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities; and shall then, and before the landing of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize! or Commodities, fetisfy and pay the Duties of Excise by the said Act imposed for or in respect of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities re/pec-tively; and shall also, within such thirty Days, land all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities r'espectively; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees, shall neglect or itfufe to make due Entry, or to pay such Duties, or to land such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, the same, together with the Cades and Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods* Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament, imposed upon the Importation thereof into Great Britain, which shall be unOiipped. landed, or delivered from or out of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, before the Duties by the said Act imposed thereon respectively shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, shall be forfeited and lost, together with the Packages containing the same; and such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, and the Packages containing the same, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise$ and the Persons and if any Person or Persons mail unftiip, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed, or aiding the icio, delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the unshipping, landing, or delivering, from or out of any Ship, Vefe or receiving OT Boat, any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, before the said Duties of Excise by

tnSIe their Va- ^e Act imjxifed for or in respect thereof shall be fully paid, or secured to be paid, or shall hide or lue. conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed, any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, so unthipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or shall receive into his, her, or their Hands, Custody, or Post'ession, any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities, so unstripped# landed, or delivered as aforesaid, he, she, or they knowing the same to have been so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose treble the Value of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities respectively, to be estimated according to the best and highest Rate and Price which Goods, Wares^Merchandize, and Commodities respectively of the best Quality of that Kind shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred.

Commisfioatrt X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Excise rdpec-f to P*- tively, or the major Part of them respectively, shall provide proper Frames to denote the Measure of French denote tbs M«t. Gained, painted, or dyed Callicoes, Mullins, Linfens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimi-

fore of French ties, and other figured Stuffs, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European

CalHonet, *c« Dominions of the French King, and for which the Duties of Excise, by the said Act made in this Session of

Parliament imposed for or in respect thereof, shall have been paid; and shall also provide proper Seals or Stamps for marking such Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs; and shall cause the said Frames, and Seals or Stamps respectively, to be distributed to the respective Officers of Excise, for the several Purposes herein after mentioned; and the said Frames, and Seals or Stamps respectively, or any of them, shall or may be altered or renewed from Time to Time, as the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, shall think fit.

Cdlfcoct, fcc.to

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Officers shall, with one of such Frames, from Time to Time^ frame-mark at each End thereof, each and every Piece of all such Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs, Stamp to denote which shall, from Time to Time, be imported as aforesaid, and for which the Duties of Excise, by the said the Payment of Act imposed in respect thereof, shall have been paid, to denote the Measure thereof; and shall also in like the Duty. Manner, with one of such Stamps or Seals, stamp or seal each and every Piece of all such Callicoes, Muf-lins, Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other figured Stuffs, to denote the Payment of the Duty of Excise by the said Act imposed for or in respect thereof.

Perfem frenda*

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whosoever ^?ting<fttcher" shall counterfeit any Frame which shall be provided in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit, forge, or Frame*,&C‘ to resemble the impression of the same upon any printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callico, Muffin, Linen, forfeit 1001. Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Stuff; or shall knowingly have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callico, Muffin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Stuff, having thereon the impression of a counterfeit Frame, made to resemble the impression of any Frame which shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or any of the Duties by the said A<Sb made in this Session of Parliament imposed for or in respect of printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callicoes, Mullins, Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, or other figured Stuffs, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, yetfoo* fraudu-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall coonter-

iently counter- fe|t or forae any Stamp or Seal to resemble any Stamp or Seal which (half be provided or made in pursuance jaSS: or counterfeG or resemble the impression of the fenae, upon any printed, stained, painted,

or dyed Callico, Muffin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or Other figured Stuffy with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties by the said Act made in this Session of Parliament imposed for or in respect of printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callicoes, Muffins, Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, or other figured Stuffs, every such Person so

If Good* »re landed before the Duties are paid, they are forfeited j

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31. 365

offending, and beine thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall fell any Callico, Muslin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Stuff, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by the said Act passed in this Session of Parliament imposed, with the Impression of any such counterfeit Stamp or Seal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an I11-.tent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties by the said Act imposed for or in Tefpedi of printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callicoes, Mufiins, Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velve-rets. Dimities, or other figured Stuffs, all and every such Offender and Offenders, their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, being thereof convi£bd in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon Oath made by any credible Person or Persons, that he, she, or they has or have Reason to suspect or believe that any French printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callico, Muslin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Stuff, for which any Duty of Excise by the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament, imposed in respect thereof, ought to have been paid, is or shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Draper or other Person or Persons trading or dealing the rein, or of any Person or Persons for the Uie or Account of such Draper or other Trader or Dealer, for Sale, without having thereupon such Mark or Stamp, as is by this Act required to denote the Payment or charging of the Duty by the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament, imposed for or in respect thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise, cm* any two or more of them, within the Limits of the wfeekly Bills of Mortality, or any two Justices of the Ffcace in any other Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Time to Time to issue their respective Warrants or Orders, thereby authorising and requiring any Officer or Officers of Excise (with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace), in the Day-time, to iearch for the same, and to open Doors, Trunks, Chests, and Packages, and to seize such Goods, together with the Packages containing the feme, and to carry away the same, in order that the same may be lawfully condemned, and that every such Warrant and Order shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any printed, stained, painted, or dyed Callico, Muslin, Linen, Stuff, Fustian, Velvet, Velveret, Dimity, or other figured Stuff, which ought by this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, to be marked or lealed with a Stamp or deal to denote any of the Duties by the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament, repealed, or thereby imposed for or in respect thereof, to have been duly paid or charged, shall be found in any Place whatso-ereri except on board Ship for Exportation, without being marked or sealed with a Stamp or Seal, denoting that such Duties have been duly paid or discharged, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seizea by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVII. And whereas, for many Years now last past, Spirits have been taken and estimated, by the Officers of Excise, to be of the different Degrees of Strength, at which they have upon Trial been denoted to be, by certain Kind of Hydrometers, known by the Name of, and commonly called Clarke's Hydrometers: And whereas it is expedient that the different Degrees of Strength of Spirits should be taken and estimated by Hydrometers of the mod accurate Construction, and that proper Experiments be made for that Purpose, and that feme Provision should be made for regulating the Mode of estimating the Strength of Spirits, until such Experiments shall have been made ;* be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the said Hydrometers, called Clarke's Hydro-meter, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Entry which shall be made by any Chandler or Maker of Candles, of any Melting-house, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place whatsoever, either for the making or keeping of Candles, or for the melting or keeping any Wax, Tallow, or ether Materials proper to be made into Candles, or of any Copper, Kettle, Pot, Furnace, or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, for the melting of Wax, Tallow, or other Materials to be made Into Candles, or of any Mould or Moulds, or other Utensil whatsoever, for the making of Candles, shall be deemed or taken to be withdrawn, whilst any Duty shall be depending and unpaid by such Chandler or Maker of Candles; or any Copper, Furnace, or other Utensil, shall be Handing in any such Melting-house, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Soap shall, when and as often as he is thereunto requested by any Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker of fioap shall be, before he or she shall charge his or her Copper or Boiler with any Materials for making of Soap, weigh, in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, all the Rosin, Tallow, Grease, or other Materials (except Lye) with which such Maker of Soap shall next charge his or her Copper or Boiler; and all such Rosin, Tallow, Grease, or other Materials, shall be put into the Copper or Boiler, in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Refusal or Neglect thereof, the Sum of fifty Pounds. '

And Person* selling Callicoes, dec. with counterfeit Stamp*, subject to the lilte Punishment.

On Oath of

credible Person, the Houses of Persons suspected to have in their Poflsflion Calliroe* dec. undamped, may be fcuchtd, dec#

If unftatnp*d Callicoes, dec, be found in any Place, except Shipped for Exportation, they are forfeited, ia4 also tool.

Until April 5, 1788, Spirit! Stall be deeoitA of the Strength denoted by Clarke’s Hydro-

Entries 0§ Makers of Candles not to be deemed frith-drawn while any Duty remains unpaid, dcC.

Makers of Soap to weigh the Materials for makiogthefante before the Officer, Sec, on Penalty of 50l.

24C.ec. 3. c. recited.

ing-house, Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by, any Person or Persons, who

366 C. 31. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, should b* a Maker or Makers of any Candles whatsoever, and by weighing or Tale of the Candles, or otherwise, as to such Officer (hotrfd seem most proper and convenient, to take an Account of the Candles which should have been made by such Maker or Makers of Candles, from Time to Time, in Jike Manner as such Officers might then do in the Day-time: And whereas the said recited Clause has in some Measure been found inconvenient to the Makers of Candles/ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any of the Officers of Excise, upon Request (between the Hours of Eleven at Night and Five in the Morning, without the Presence of a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace), to enter into the House, Melting-house, Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by, any Maker or Makers of any Candles, unless any such Maker or Makers of Candles shall have any Course or Making of Candles unfinished, or in Operation, or shall have any legal Notice depending of his, her, or their Intention to make any Course or Making of Candles between the Hours of Eleven and Five as aforesaid, or shall have made any Preparation for making any Course or Making of Candles; in each and every of which cases, all and every the Officers of Excise shall, at all Times, by Night, be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter into the House, A4citing-house, Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by, any Maker or Makers of Candles, and by weighing or Talc of the Candles, or otherwise, as to such Officer shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an Account of the Candles which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers of Candles, from Time to Time, in like Manner as such Officers may now do in the Day-time.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Maker and Makers of Candles shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, find, provide, and affix good and Efficient Fastenings ta all and every Furnace, Copper, Pan, or other L'teniil, by him, her, or them used for the melting of Wax, Spermaceti, Tallow, or other Materials proper to be made into Candles, such Fastenings to be approved of, in Writing, by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which such Maker or Makers shall reside; and also Covers, with proper Fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every Dipping-mould, which any such Maker or Makers shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession; and each and every such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, shall be securely locked, fattened, or sealed, by the Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers respectivdr shall, from Time to Time, be, as soon as any Melting of Wax, Spermaceti, Tallow, or other Materials proper to be made into Candles, shall be finished; and every such Dipping- mould, with the Cover thereunto affixed, shall, in like Manner, be securely locked, fattened, or (baled, by such Officers, as soon as the Dipping of any Course or Making of Candles shall be finished; and such Maker or Makers shall, in like Manner, at his, her, and their own Expence, provide a proper, convenient, and secure Room, Place, Chest or Chests, with good and sufficient Fastenings, to be approved of and provided as aforesaid, affixed thereto, for the Purpose of locking up and securingail Moulds which may be made use of in the making of Mould Candles, in the Custody or Possession of any such Maker or Makers; and such Moulds shall be locked up, sealed, and secured, by such Officer, in such Room, Place, Chest or Chests, when and so soon as the same shall cease to be used; and when any such Maker or Makers shall be desirous to light Fire under any such Copper, Pan, or Utensil, or to have the Furnace Door thereof opened, or to have any such Copper, Pan, Utensil, or Dipping-mould opened, or to use any such Moulds proper ;to be made use of in the

making of Mould Candles, such Maker or Makers shall give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, six Hours Notice, in Writing, if such Maker or Makers shall reside within the Limits of the chief Office of Excise in London, twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if he, she, or they shall reside in any Market Town in any other Part of Great Britain, and twenty-four Hours Notice, in Writing, if he, she, or they shall reside in any other Part of Great Britain out of a Market Town, of his, her, or their so being desirous to light Fire under any such Copper, Pan, or Utensil, or to have the Furnance-door thereof opened, or to have any such Copper, Pan, Utensil, or Dipping-mould opened, or to use any such Moulds proper to be made use of in the making of Mould Candles; and upon such Notice being given, such Officer shall attend at the Time mentioned in such Notice, for the Purpose specified in such Notice, and shall unlock and open all such Doors, Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, as the Case may require; and if any such Maker or Makers shall negle<St or refuse to light Fire under any such Copper, Pan, or Utensil, within one Hour after the Doors thereof shall be opened by such Officer, or shall neglect or refuse to proceed to make use of any such Coppers Pan, Utensil, Dipping-mould, or other Mould, within one Hour after the same shall be opened by such Officer, then such Notice shall be void, and such Officer shall again, immediately after the Expiration of such Hour, lock up, fallen, and seal each and every such*Door, Copper, Pan, or other Utensil and Dipping-mould, with the Covers thereunto affixed, and shall in like Manner lock up, seal, and secure, such other A Joulds, in Manner aforesaid; and such Maker or Makers shall give the like and a fresh Notice in Writing to such Officer; and if any such Maker or Makers of Candles (hill neglect or refuse, at his, her, or their own Expence, to find, provide, or affix, good and sufficient Fastenings to all and every Furnace, Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him, her, or them used for the melting of Wax, Spermaceti, Tallow, or other Materials proper to be made into Candles, or to find, provide, or affix sufficient Wooden Covers, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every Dipping-mould which such Maker or Makers shall have in his, her, or their Custody pr Possession; on at his, her, or their own Expence, to provide a proper, convenient, and secure Room, Place, Chest or Chests, with good and sufficient Fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, affixed thereto, for the Purpose of locking up and securing all Moulds proper to be made use of in the making of Mould Candles, in the Custody or Possession of any such Maker or Makers; or to pay for any Locks, Keys, or other necessary Fastenings, which shall be provided by any Surveyor or JSupervisor of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act; or if any Person or Persons shall refuse or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person or Perfcus by mm or them employed in

that

Officer* not to enter the House of Candle-ma-jeers frumEleven t Night to Fite In ihe Morning without a Peace Officer, except in the Infiance* herein mentioned.

CanJle-m alters to fix Fattening* tu their Fur-paces, &c,

to be locked by the Officer j

and to provide a proper Place for locking up their 'Moulds by the Officer.

Notice to be given of the Intention to light Copper Fires, ire. to the Of-icer.

who la to attend at the Time mentioned; and if the Fire be not lighted within an Hour after the Door* are opened, fresh Notice to be givco.

if (efficient

Fattening) to Furnaces, Arc. be jir.t provided, or Officer? are cb-stru&ed in fixing or locking them, &c. the Offender to forfeit loci*

36 7

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31.

that Behalf, from fixing such Locks or Fastenings in such Manner as the said Officers shall judge mod rffedlual to answer the rurnofes by this Act intended; or in locking, {baling, or securing the same; or shall open ai>y such Furnace, Copper, Pan, Utensil, Dipping-mould, or Door, after the lame (hill have been locked, firaled, fattened, or iectired, as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the Officer of Excise; or shall wilfully break or damage any such Lock, Seal, or Fattening, every such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons so oftl-nding, shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time there shall be on the Premises, in the Custody or Possession of any Maker or Makers of Candles, any Mould or Moulds proper to be madcufe of for the Purpose of making Mould Candles, not locked up and secured as is in that Behalf herein-before directed, unless after due Notice given as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, every such

Maker or Makers shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti- tilled. An Act for better securing the Duties on Starch; and for preventing Frauds on the said Duties, it was enacted, That, from and after the End of three Months after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, all Starch not being stamped as by the said Act is directed, and all loose Starch exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, and all Scrapings of Starch which should be found in the Possession of any Starch-maker, or of any other Person for the Use of such Maker or Dealer, or that should beYound removing or removed by Land or by Water, should be forfeited, and might be seized by any Officer for the said Duties, together with the Chest, Cask, Sack, or other Package containing the same, and the Boat or Vessel, Horses or other Cattle, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, made use of in removing the same: And whereas it was intended that all Starch not bein<» starnped as by the said Act is directed, and all loose Starch exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, and all Scrap- ings of Starch which should be found in the Possession of any Dealer in Starch, should be forfeited j* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Starch net being stamped as by the said Act is directed, and all loose Starch exceeding the Quantity of twenty-eight Pounds Weight, and all Scrapings of Starch which shall be found in the Possession of any Starch-maker or Dealer in Starch, or of any other Person for the Use of such Maker or Dealer, or that shall be found removing or removed by Land or by Water, shall be forfeited, together with the Chest, Cask, Sack, or other Package containing the same, and the Boat or Vessel, Horses or other Cattle, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, made use of in the Removal thereof, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXIV. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Production of Mamfjh, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Pra ft ices in obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clan define relanding of Goods, it was provided,

That Beer exported mould be subject to certain Regulations and Restrictions in the said recited Act contained: And whereas it is expedient to provide that Beer exported shall be no longer subject to the Provisions of the said Act be it therefore enacted, That none of the Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, contained in the said Act, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to the Exportation of Beer, but that Beer shall and may be exported according to the Laws which were in force at and immediately before the Time of patting the said Act; and that all Drawbacks and Bounties which would have been due or payable for or in respect of any Beer which has been exported to foreign Parts since the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, if the said Act had not been made, shall and may be paid and allowed in the same Manner as the same would have been payable or allowable if the said Act had not been made; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas by the said Act for regulating the Production of Manifests, certain Oaths are re- qaired to be taken by Persons who export to foreign Parts from Great Britain any Goods whatever, which are entitled either to Drawback or Bounty upon Exportation: And whereas no Power is given by the said Act to the Collectors or other Officers of Excise, in Cases where any Goods intended to be exported upon Drawback or Bounty are subject to any Duty of Excise, or other Duty under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, to administer the said Oaths required to be taken by the said Act,'and it is expedient that such Power should be given be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Goods intended to be exported upon Drawback or Bounty shall be subject to any Duty of Excise, or other Duty under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise reflectively, the respective Oaths required by the said Act to be taken upon the Exportation thereof, shall and may be taken before the respective Collectors, or other Officers of Excise, appointed for that Purpose, who is and are hereby authorised to administer the same.

XXVI. And be it further declared and enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firfh intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Pajle, imported; and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof \ and for prohibiting the Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Pajle 5 and for better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts, imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl c/Carnwath; or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties upon Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, in force at the Time of the passing of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to his Majesty other Ditties in lieu thereof; and also sever a I Duties on inhabited Houses } and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee \ and for repealing the Inland Duties of

Excifi

IMWoulls ire HOT lock pa U!», the Candle-roaker 10 forfeit tool.

16 Geo. 3. c 51* 1 ceiled.

Starch not stamped agreeable to the recited Act loose Starch, exceeding a8 lb. and Scrapings of Starch found in the Possession of a Dealer, or removing, to be forfeited, &€ /

16 Geo. 3. c. 40. recited 3

and the Regulation! therein not to extend toJBeer exported, such Drawbacki,&c» on which, as would have been due since Aug.r, 1786, may be paid.

Officers of the Excise may ad* minister the re-cessary Oaths on the Exportation of Goods entitled to Drawbacks or Bounties.

The Powers m force 00 passing 24 Geo. 3.C. 38. to extend to the securing the Duties thereby repealed 3

368

and ilfo to the levying, Arc. the Duties of Excise ^imposed in the present Session on Cocoa Nuts and Coffee.

Every Barrel of French Beer, Arc* imported, to be deemed to contain thirty-six Gallons,

Rum of the Bn-tifti Plantations in America, warebcufed on JMay 10, 17*7, may b: delivered on Payment of the Duty ira-posed thereon this present Sef-6 on.

In lieu of the Duty imposed on nnn-en a m era ted Paper by 17 Geo. 3. 013*

there is to be paid as follow*:

C. 31. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Excise thereon \ are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, assessing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securine the Duties thereby imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching Frauds relating thereto, shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, in full Force, to all Intents and Purposes, for the managing, assessing, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or (ecu ring the said Dudes thereby repealed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto; and the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, shall be and continue in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, in and for the managing,* assessing, railing, levying, t collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing, the said several Duties of Excise by the said Act made in this Session of Parliament imposed for or in respect of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee respectively, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as folly and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Thing?, had been expressly infested and re-enacted in the said last mentioned Act, or this ACT

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Barrel of French Beer, Ale* or Mum, Which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from any of the European Dominions of the French King, shall be deemed and taken to be thirty-six Gallons English Beer Measure, within the Meaning of the said Act made in this Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America, which, on the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall be in any Warehouse or Warehouses in which the tame shall have been put, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in an Act of Parliament, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and lodging the same in Warehouses, and which shall, from and after the Gud tenth Day of May, be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, shall not be subject or liable to any higher Duty of Excise than the Duty of Excise upon Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vitae, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations, imposed by the said Act made in this Session of Parliament, of the same Degree of Strength as such Rum or Spirits which shall be so delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively; nor shall any Thing in the said Act, made in this Session of Parliament, extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal any of the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions, but the same shall be and remain In foil Force.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu and in (lead of the Duty of Excise, at and after the Rate of twenty rounds and fourteen Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of every Sort or Kind of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, and not enumerated and described[in the five Tables of the Schedule marked (F), annexed to an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the Eu-ope all Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed AIoniesy remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt\ and which is by the said Act imposed, there shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

For every Sort, For every Sort or Kind of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, not enumerated and described ia fa°rgeft°size of *be Tables, and not being above the largest Size of the Paper nearest of the same Sort or Kind, enume-theneareftof rated in the said Tables, the Duty by the said Act imposed in respect of Paper made in Great Britain* the same Kind which shall be nearest above in Size and Value to such Sort or Kind of Paper; and for every Sort or fCitid enumerated in of Paper which shall be made in Great Britain, not particularly enumerated and described in the said Tables,

Du Tof* an^ being above the largest Size of the Paper nearest of the same Sort, Kind, and Weight, enumerated in

P'r'ocarcft above ;*be Tables, a Duty in Proportion to such Size, efti mated according to the Duty ini posed by the said in Size and V*- ACI for or in respect of Paper made in Great Britain nearest of the same Sort, Kind, and Weight, and of lue to such Son; the Size nearest below such Sort or Kind; such Duties to be raised, levied, collected, and paid by such and for every Person and Persons, and in such and the same Manner as the Duties in lieu whereof the same are hereby im-

Sort above the largest Size of r

the nearest of the same Kind and Weight, a Duty in Proportion to its Size,

*6 Geo. 3. c. 64.

XXX. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti-fcciteo. c tuled. An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Trines and

Spirits, and upon Worts, TVaj\ and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof J it is, among other Thines, enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of fifty one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, there mould be charged and paid to his Majesty, for and upon every Gallon English Wine Measure of the Capacity or Content of each and every Still, including the Head thereof, which should be used or employed for the making of Low Wines or Spi- ritsfrom Com, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, or any Mixture with the feme, the yearly Sum of one Pound ten ShtI— 4 lings Sterling; and for every Gallon English Wine Measure of the Capacity or Content of each and ever

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 31, 32. 369

Still, including the Head thereof, which should be used or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the yearly Sum of two Pounds ten Shillings Sterling; and for every Gallon Enzlish Wine Measure of the Capacity or Content of each and every Still, including the

Head thereof, which should be used or employed for Making Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refused

Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any

1 Mixture therewith, the yearly Sum of three Pounds Sterling: Provided that there be at the same Time With *'*7 4 licensed, as the said Act directs, with every Wash. Still, or Low Wine Still, or Spirit Still, of a Content Wa^ Sl‘il

or Capcity not left than one Fourth of the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still: And whereas it was ^0w Vineor

intended by the said Act, that two several Stills, that is, a Wash Still, and a Low Wine Still, should have Spirit Still, of been licensed together by the said Aditherefore be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there not less than shall be, at the] Ume Time, licensed with every Wash Still, a Low Wine Still or Spirit Still, of a Con- one Fourth of tent or Capacity not less than one fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still. lKt Coment£*

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures How penalties fetposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods tr« beTtC9m as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws *fre,d ipd

of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at p ie

Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and tjhe other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or fuc for the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought Limitation of or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, Aai°n»* such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Thing done, and shall be laid in

the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General General Issue. Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-foited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her.’ or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded Treble CoRu to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Act to com* Effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement *?encf *,onJ whereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred JUD€, 17 74 and eighty-seven.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for making further Provisions in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, and for extending the said Act to other Vessels and Boats not particularly described therein; for taking off the Duties on Flasks in which Wine or Oil is imported for laying an additional*

Duty on foreign Geneva imported, for taking off the Duty on Ebony, the Growth of Africa, imported into this Kingdom, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Customs.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, it is, *4 Geo. 3.

amongst other Things, enacted, That, all Vessels belonging, in the Whole or in Part, to any of his* Ma- Ci 47*

Majesty's Subjects, called Cutters, Luggers. Shallops, or fvberries (of what Built soever), and all Vessels be- longing as aforesaid, of any other Description, whose Bottoms are Clench Work, unless they shall be fouare-rigged, or fitted as Sloops, with (landing Boltfprits, which shall be found within the Limits or Distance in the said Act described, shall be forfeited, together with all the Goods, if any, which shall be laden thereon, and all her Guns, Tackle, and Furniture: And whereas it is expedient that further Provi-4 (ions should be made in regard to such Vessels as are particularly described in the before-recited Act, and1 4 that the said recited Act should be extended to other Vessels not coming or falling under the Description of such Vessels and Boats as, in the said before-recite^d Act, are particularly mentioned and described Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords r^nc f>* Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the 1787, i»ny Ctt-fame. That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, in case any ter, &c. belong* Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, belonging, in the Whole or in Part, to any |»gt°Li» Ma-of his Majesty's Subjects, shall be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within Jwitbi four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, having a Bowsprit which shall exceed in Length more than two Thirds f0Hr Lemuel of of the Length of such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, from the Fore-part of the Coast, whofa her Stem to the act Side of the Stern-Post aloft (whether the same shall be a (landing or a running Bowsprit), Bowsprit exceed every liych Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, with all her Guns, Furniture, t*ro*h‘Ld*of Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Offi- f,1 cets of the Customs or Excise. forfeited.

370 C. 32. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Niidm of Boat*

belonging to such Vesseli to be fainted on their Sterna, ice. on Penalty of being forfeited.

Boats not belonging to Vess Is to have their Names, &c. painted oo their Steins, on Penalty of being forfeited, if found *ithin ft ur Leagues of the Cojft.

Aft not to extend to toy Vd"-iei in the Scrtice of his Majesty's Nary, Arc.

If Vessels having a Licence from the Admiralty should be found out of* 1 he Limits thereof, they may be fiired.

unit fs it be made appear that they were driven rhereout determined by Di ft refs of Weather,

Licences to be pr» du< ed to Officers of the Revenue who shall hoard such Vesstls within four Leagues of the Coast, otherwise the WfTel ipay be feia:d.

V<.fTel» feiseJ IT?y difpt.fei

of a '.*eeibU ;o rec.ud Ail.

27Oeo. 3.C. 30;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel belonging as aforesaid, shall paint, or cause or procure to be painted, upon the Outside of the Stern of every Boat belonging to such Ship or WfTel, the Name of such Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place to which (he belongs, and the Mailer’s Name within-fide of the Transura, in white or Yellow Roman Letters, not less than two Inches in Length, on a black Ground, under the Pain of forfeiting every such Boat, and such Boat shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Owners of any Boat or Boats not belonging to any Ship or Vessel, shall and are hereby required to paint, or cause or procure to be painted, upon the Stern of evtry such Boat, in white or yellow Roman Letters, oftwo Inches in Length, on a Black Ground, the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Boats, and the Port or Place to which such Boat belongs, under Pain of forfeiting every such Boat which shall be found within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, without having the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of such Boat or Boats so painted as aforesaid, and such Boat shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, nor any Vessel or Boat whatever in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, Vidual-ling, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post-office, nor any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawh nor any Vessel whatever, the Owner or Owners of which shall have a Licence for navigating the same from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, agreeably to the Rules, Regulations, and Conditions of the said herein-before recited Act, with resped to certain Vessels and Boats therein mentioned, nor any Lighters or Barges used solely in Rivers or Inland Navigations.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, for which there shall have been obtained from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, pursuant to this Act, or the before-recited Act made in the said twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, a Licence limiting or confining the Navigation or Trade of such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to and from or within any particular Port or Ports, Place or Places, and such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be found in any Port or Place other than that to and from or within which (he shall be so licensed to navigate or trade, such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, and such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall and may be seized and prosecuted in the same Manner as (he might be or would have been, in case of no Licence having been procured for her.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit ^ny such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be found in any Port or Place other than that to and from or within the Limits of which (lie shall be so confined or limited to navigate or trade, in case it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs, that such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, was driven or forced thither by unavoidable Necessity or Distrefeof Weather.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge, Command, or Care of any Cutter, Lugger,"ShalIop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which by this Act, or the before-recited Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, is or are required to be licensed as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required to produce such Licence to every Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, who shall board them within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coasts thereof, on the same being required by such Officer or Officers; and in case any such Matter or Commander, or other Person having or taking the Charge, Command, or Care of any such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not have such Licence on board, or shall not produce such Licence to any Officer or Officers of the Customs of Excise requiring the same, as before mentioned, or if the Licence is produced to the Officer of the Customs or Excise, without an Indorsemetit thereon, that the proper Security has been given to the Collector of the Port to which such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall belong, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to seize such Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, or such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and the same shall be forfeited.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Cutter, Lugger, Shallop, Wherry, Sloop, Smack, or Yawl, and all and every Snip, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be ferzed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as Vessels and Boats forfeited by the said herein -before recited Act are directed to be disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied.

IX. And whereas, by an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majestyv inti- tided. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon all Servants retained or employed in the several Capaci-6 tics therein mentioned; and for repealing several Rates and Duties upon Ghfsy imposed by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his latem Majesty y and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Glass in lien thereof; and for the better collecting the Duties upon Glass \ and for repealing the several Rates

and Duties charged by an Acly made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, upon all

37*

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32.

Persons, and Bodies Politick and Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties therein expressed, upon all Glass imported and brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain: And whereas by another Act passed in the twenty* fifth Year of his laid present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties upon Flasks in which Florence thine and Oil is imported; to permit the Importation of Wines in small Casks for private Use; to revive, continue, and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, as allows the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America \ for disallow- xng the Drawback on the Exportation of Snuff \ for continuing the Permission to land Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations bef ore Payment of the Duties of Excise \ for reviving and continuing the Premiums upon the Importation f Pitch, Tar' and Turpentine from Ealt Florida into Great Britain; for allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation of Silk Gauzes, and a Drawback upon the Exportation of Raw Silky the said re- cited Act was repealed, so far as the lame related to charging Duties upon the Flasks only in which Wine or Oil, of the Growth of the Dominions of the Great Duke of Tuscany, should be imported: And whereas it is expedient that all Flasks, in which any Wine or Oil shall or'may be imported, should be admitted to Entry without Payment of any Subsidy, Custom, or other Duty whatever / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority at orefuid, That nothing in either of the said recited Acts, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge or impose any Duty whatever upon any Flasks in which Wine or Oil shall or maybe imported into Great Britain^ from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

X. And whereas the Odicers of his Majesty's Customs are now authorised, in Cases-where the Con- tents of Packages imported into this Kingdom from foreign Parts are not particularly described and set forth in the Report of the Matter of the Vellek to open and examine such Packages: And whereas it is expedient that the said Officers iliould, in like Manner, be authorised to examine, and, if necessary, to bring to his Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom-house, for that Purpose, any Bale, Cask, Case, Trunk, Par- cel, or other Package whatever, reported for Exportation, for the Purpose of examining the Contents thereof, in order as much as possible to prevent the fraudulent unshipping or landing the same in this Kingdom on the Passage outwards of such Vessel from this Kingdom / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fiitt Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven* where the Mallei^ or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or vessel, shall report any Bales, Casks, cases, Trunks, Parcels, or other Packages whatever, for Exportation, in the same Ship or VelTe), whether the Contents of such Buies, Casks, cases, Trunks, Parcels, or other Packages whatever, (null be mentioned in such Report or not, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs to open such Bales, Casks, cases, Trunks, Parcels, or other Packages whatever, on board such Ship or Vessel so reported, and examine the Contents thereof, or to bring them on Shore to his Majesty's Warehouse for the Port where such Report is made, if it shall beneceflary; and such Officer or Officers mail be, and is and are hereby indemnified in so doing, and shall not be liable or subject to any Action for Damages, or other Prosecution or Suit whatever for the same: Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any Ship or Vessel coming or arriving from any Port of Asia, Africa, or America,

XI. And whereas by an Act mace in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Production of Man'fcjls, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in

obtaining Bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of Goods; it.was (amongst other Things) enacted, That, from and after the Times in the said Act mentioned, no Goods or Commodities should be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Port or Place whatsoever in Parts beyond the Seas, in any Ship or Vessel whatever belonging, in the Whole or in Part, to his Majesty's Subjects, unless the

Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or vessel respectively importing such Goods, should have on board a Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, in Writ- ing, signed by such Matter or other Person, and containing the Particulars in the said Act mentioned; which said Mfanifeft was to be delivered to, and authenticated by, such Person as therein is mentioned: And whereas the Mode directed by the said Act for authenticating Manifests is not applicable to the Case of Ships bringing Goods from the East Indies and China / be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in respect to Ships dispatched from any Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, the Manifests and Contents in the said recited Act mentioned shall be delivered to, and authenticated by, the Person who shall deliver the last Dispatches for each Ship respectively bound for Great Britain, who is hereby required to be a Servant of the UniteJ Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, of not less than seven Years standing; and in respect to Ships dispatched from any Ports or Places in China, such Manifests or Contents shall be delivered to, and authenticated by, the said United Company’s chief Supracargo there, instead of the Officers of the Customs, or other Persons in the said recited Act mentioned; and the said Manifests, and Duplicates thereof respectively, shall be dealt with and used in like Manner, and shall be of the like Force and Effctft as the Manifests and Duplicates in the said Act mentioned; and in case of the Want thereof, or not conforming to the Rules, Regulations, and Directions, relating thereto, in the said recited t\i\ contained, the Offender or Offenders shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided in the said recited Act respecting the Manifests or Contents directed to be delivered to, and authenticated by, the Persons in the said A<7 mentioned.

XII. And whereas several foreign-built Ships or Vessels have been seized and condemned in the British* TVcJl India Islands for illicit Trade, and now lie there undisposed of, such Ships or Vessels not being sale-27 Geo. III. 3 C able,

snd Geo. 3. c. 69. rcci.cd i,

3rd nothing the rein, r.r in any other Art* to extend to the charging with any Duty any Flasks in which W;ne or Oil shall beimpoited

after Jjac if I7S7*

From June r, 1787, the Offi* cers of the Customs may open ell Bales, &c. on board any Vessel wherein any Packages for Exportation have been reported, Sic.; but not to extend to Vessels coming from Asia, Africa, Of America.

16 Geo. 3. c. 49s recited j

and the Mani-f?rts therein required shall, for Ships within *hc Limits of the Esft I ndia Company's Chatters, be dtlitered to, and authenticated by the Person who shall deliver the last Dispatche; j and for Ships from China, by the Company’s chief Supracargo there*

372 32*

Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Ce'nnnffionert of 1 he Custonat may direct the Hull of any Vef-I (cirtd in America or the West Indies to be broken up, and the Mate-tiajs fold, &c.

From June r, 1787, all seized Goods to be damped before they are delivered from his Majesty's Ware-houfts.

If any Officer neglefls to stamp such Goods, or accepts any Fee for damping them, he forfeits 2001. and is

Persons counterfeiting. &c. such Stamp to be guilty of Felony.

Goods with counterfeit Stamps to be forfeited, and the l’erfona in whose Custody they are found to forfeit 5O01.

Unauthorised Persons having Stamps in their Custody to forfeit 500 1.

Commissioners of the Customs may restore Goods, &c. on being satisfied that the Forfeiture arose without any Design of Fraud in the Proprietor, on such Conditions at they may think sea- fonable.

If such Conditions are not complied with, they may be condemned, Proprietors afi-cepting such Conditions, not entitled to any JUcompence on

able, and there not being any Law to authorise the Disposal thereof in any other Way be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England tot the Time being, or any four or more of them (if they shall think fit), to direct the Hull of every Ship or Vessel which shall have been, or which may hereafter be seized and condemned in any of the Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories to his Majesty belonging in America or the West Indies, for any illicit Trade or Commerce, to be broken up, and the Materials thereof sold to the best Advantage, and the Produce of such Sale lh.ill be accounted for and applied by the Collector and Comptroller, or other principal Officers of the Customs in whose Custody such Ship or Vessel shall be lodged and secured, in like Manner as the Produce of Ships or Vessels seized and condemned in the said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories respectively, are now by Law directed to be accounted for and applied.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of June one thous.md seven hundred and eighty-leven, all Goods, which have been seized, and are now in his Majesty's Warehouses, or which shall hereafter be seized, by airy Officer or Officers of the Customs, and condemned in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or which shall be delivered by Writ of Delivery issued by the said Court, either on a Competition by Licence, or on Payment of the appraised Value, or in any other Way, or on any other Terms whatever, provided the Seizure of the same shall have been, or shall be, according to Law, and the Goods shall be capable of receiving a clear, distinguishable, and legible Stamp or Impieftion or Seal thereon, shall, before they are delivered from his Majesty's Warehouses in any of the Ports of Great Britain, be damped or sealed in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall respectively direct; and the said Commissioners are hereby respectively authorised and required to cause Stamps or Seals for that Purpose to be provided; and if any Officer of the Customs, or other Person having the Charge or Custody of such Warehouses respectively, shall wilfully neglect or omit to stamp or seal any such Goods previous to their being delivered therefrom, or shall take any Fee or Reward whatever as a Consideration for affixing such Stamp or Seal, such Officer, or other Person, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to the Use of his Majesty, and shall be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any civil Capacity whatever.

difibled from serving his Majesty.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall at any Time forge or counterfeit, or shall cause, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall be aiding or assisting in forging or counterfeiting, any Stamp or Seal, to resemble any Stamp or Seal which shall be provided or used in pursuance of this Act, or shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall be aiding or assisting in forging or counterfeiting, the Impreftion of any such Stamp or Seal, all and every such Offender and Offenders shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and on being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons whatever shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Goods having a counterfeit Stamp or Seal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, all such Goods shall be forfeited, and all and every such Person and Persons shall respectively forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall inform or fuc for the same; and if any Person or Persons whatever, other than such Person or Persons who shall be authorised by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively for that Purpose, shall, by any Means whatever, have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Stamp or Seal provided by the said Commissioners of the Customs as aforesaid respectively^ for the Purposes aforesaid, whether such Person or Persons shall or shall not have made use of the same, shall forfeit five hundred Pounds, one Moiety to be to the Use of his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case airy Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any foyr or more of them, for the Time being, and the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, on Evidence given to their Satisfaction that the Forfeiture arose without any Design or Intention of Fraud in the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to order the same to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, in such Manner, and on such Terms and Conditions, as. under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to diredi; and if the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by such Commissioners in England and Scotland respectively, it shall not be lawful for the Officer or Officers who shall seize such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, or any other Person or Persons whatever, on his or their Behalf, to proceed in any Manner for the Condemnation thereof $ but if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners respectively, such Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to proceed for the Condemnation of such Goods or Commodities, Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, as if this Law had not been made: Provided always, That if such Proprietor or Proprietors shall accept the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have, or be endded to any Recompence or Damage on account of the Seizure or Detention of such Goods or Commodi* 9 ties.

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 32.

ties. Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repeal*

Guer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives\ to the Redutiion of the National Debt; the Duties imposed upon Timber, Staves, and other Species of Wood, in lieu of the former Duties on those Articles thereby repealed, are in many Instances increased: And whereas (landing Contrails may have been made before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, by the Importers or Proprietors of Timber, Staves, and other Species of Wood, for serving Persons therewith respectively, to be delivered, c in Point of Time, after the said tenth Day of May ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said-tenth Day of May, the Importers or Proprietors of such 'lumber, Staves, and other Species of Wood, the Duties on which have been by the said Act increased respectively, and which shall be delivered after the said tenth Day of May, in pursuance of such Contracts, shall be allowed to add to the Prices respectively agreed for in such Contracts so much as the Duties charged by the said recited Act respectively exceeded the Duties payable upon such Timber, Staves, and other Species of Wood, at and immediately before the said tenth Day of May; and such Importers or Proprietors shall, by virtue of this Act, be paid such Sum as the Duties so increased shall amount to.

XVII. And whereas by the said Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, it is among other Things enacted and declared, That the Importers or Proprietors of any Cambricks or French Lawns, c which, before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall have been imported into Great Britain for Exportation from any Part or Place in the European Dominions of the French c King, and lodged according to Law in a Warehouse belonging to his Majesty, or which shall, on or be- fore the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, be lawfully so imported into Great Britain for that Purpose, shall, after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty- seven, be at Liberty to take and receive the same into their own Custody and Post'eflion, either for Sale and Consumption in this Kingdom or otherwise, such Importers or Proprietors first making a regular Entry of all such Cambricks or French Lawns with the proper Officer of the Customs, and paying such Duty for the same as Cambricks or French Lawns imported after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, are by the said Act made subject and liable to: And whereas it is jull that the Duty paid or to be paid down according to Law, on warehousing such Cambricks or French Lawns,

shall be taken and deemed to be in Part of the Duty imposed by the said Act be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importers or Proprietors of such Cambricks or French Lawns shall, on taking the same out of such Warehouse, in pursuance of the said Act, pay so much Money, and no more, by way of Duty, as, together with the Sum paid down or to be paid down as aforesaid, on lodging the same in such Warehouse, mall respectively amount to the Duty imposed by the said Act upon Cambricks and French Lawns imported respectively into Great Britain in pursuance of the said Act, after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Cambricks or French Lawns shall have been imported into Great Britain on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eightyJseven, for Exportation as aforesaid, but which shall not have been lodged as aforesaid in a Warehouse for that Purpose on the said tenth Day of May, the Importers or Proprietors thereof shall have the same delivered to them either for Sale and Consumption in this Kingdom or otherwise, upon making a regular Entry thereof with the proper Officer of the Customs, and paying such Duty for the same as Cambricks or French Lawns imported after the said tenth Day of May are by the said Act made subject and liable to respectively.

XIX. And whereas divers Persons may have incurred Penalties for Offences committed against the Laws now in force, prohibiting the Importation of Cambricks or French Lawns into this Kingdom otherwise than by Licence and for Exportation, and prohibiting the Wear or Use thereof in this Kingdom, by reason of such Persons having had the same in their Custody or Possession for Sale or otherwise be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatever (other than such as are now under Prosecution for the same) shall be prosecuted by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Action of Debt, for any Penalty or Penalties incurred on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, on account of having had in their Custody or Possession, for Sale or otherwise, any such Cambricks or French Lawns, but that all Rich Penalties shall be wholly pardoned and released; any Law, Custom, or Ulaee, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas by the said last before-recited Act it is amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and singular the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, or Duties whatever (respecting the Revenue of Customs), and all and singular the Duties of Excise, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save and except as therein is excepted; and that in lieu and instead thereof, from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into the Kingdom of Great Britain, from Parts beyond the Seas, the (<;-4 veral Duties of Customs and Excise, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth

S C a

lit

373

account of Seizure.

27 Geo. 3. C. 13 recited.

From May 10. 17^7, the Difference between the Duties on Wood before and after that Day, may be added to the Price of Wood con trailed for before, hut not delivered till after that Day*

French Cim-bricks imporred for Ezporration before May io, 17S7, may be taken out of his Majesty *1 Ware-houses, on Payment of the Difference between the Sum paid on their being ware-housed, and the Duties imposed by 17 Geo. 3. c. 13.;

and such Cam-bricki not bar* ing been ware* housed may be delivered to the Proprietors, on their making Entry thereof, and paying ih« said Duties.

No Persons, except those under Prosecution, shall be prose* cuted for having had in their Pof-session French Cambricks for Sale, prior to May 10, 17S7,

37+

Good?, Arc. of which no Eiuriei have been made and on which the Dorieihave been reduced by 17 Geo. 3. c. 13. to be subject to those Duties only.

The Duties imposed by the said Act 00 C'oalf, &c. brought Coast-wife, to be charged on ail Coals which Bull be carried by Sea from one Port and landed in another in Great Britain} except where otherwise provided in the said Act.

Duties on Coals brought Coast-wife may be secured by Bond;

but if a Person who has entered ir.to such Bond Ihenld be desirous of being bound again be* fore 1 he first Bond be discharged, he may be required, with three Securities, to give Bond in the Penalty of 4,000 I. for doe Payment (*f Duties.

Duty en Importation of Geneva to be 9 d. per Gallon, and

D.awb^ck t n Exportation, 8 d.

From June 1, 1787, Ebony unmanufactured, aay be imp *rted from Africa Du-f|-lrf«.

C. 3 2. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

in certain Schedules and Tables to the said Act annexed: And whereas it is expedient that all Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, on which the Duties imposed by the said Act are reduced lower than those repealed, and which have been imported or brought into this Kingdom, but of which Entries have not been made,'or which shall or may be imported or brought into this Kingdom, on or before the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, should be charged with the Duties imposed by the said Act, and no other;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, on which the Duties have been so reduced, and which have been imported or brought into this Kingdom, of which Entries have not been made, shall be charged with, and shall be subject and liable to the Duties respectively imposed by the said recited Act, and no other.

XXI. And whereas by the said last before-recited Act, made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, certain Duties of Customs are imposed upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought Coastwise withirt the Kingdom of Great Britain: And whereas Doubts may arise concerning the true Intent and Meaning of the Words inserted in the Schedule marked (A), annexed to the said recited Act, as far as the same may relate to the Duties to be charged on Coals, Culm, or Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise, or from Port to Port in Great Britain ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties of Customs, imposed by the said Act upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought Coastwise within Great Britain, shall be charged and paid upon all Coals, Culm, and Cinders respectively, which shall be shipped or waterborne, in order to be shipped or laid on board any Ship or Vessel to be carried by Sea, and which shall be carried by Sea in any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which shall be imported, brought, or landed, in any other Port or Plac£ within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, save and except in such Cases where special Provision is particularly and exprdsly made to the contrary in the said recited Act, or in the Schedule or Tables annexed thereto.

XXII. And whereas by the said Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, it is among other Things directed. That the Duties on Coals shall be paid in Ready Money, without Liberty to bond the lame: And whereas it is expedient to permit the Duties payable upon Coals brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place, to any other Port or Place within this Kingdom, to be secured by Bond :* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Proprietor, or for the known Agent or Factor of the Importer or Proprietor of any Coals which shall be brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place, to any other Port or Place within Great Britain, to secure such Duties by Bond, which Bond shall be given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty equal to double the Amount of such Duties, by such Importer or Proprietor, or such knowrt Agent or Factor, together with the Master or other Pevfon having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Coals shall have been brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain,*W\t\\ Condition that such Importer or Proprietor, or such known Agent or Factor, shall well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the Use of his Majesty, within sixteen Days from the Day of the Date of such Bond, to the Collector of the Duties upon. Coals, in the Port, Member, or Creek in this Kingdom, to which such Coals shall have been brought Coastwise, or from any other Port or Place, the full Sum which shall be due and payable for the Coals delivered out of such Ship or Vessel.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Importer or Proprietor of any Coals brought Coastwise, or from any Port or Place to any other Port or Place within Great Britain» or any Agent of or Factor for such Importer or Proprietor, who shall have entered into Bond as aforesaid, shall be desirous of becoming Security for the Duties on any other Cargo of Coals, during the Time such Bond shall remain undischarged, it shall be lawful for the said Collector of the Duties on Coals to refuse such Importer or Proprietor, or such Agent or Factor, to be again Security for any of the said Duties payable upon Coals, until such Importer or Proprietor, or such Agent or Factor shall, together with three sufficient Securities, to be approved of by such Collector, have given Bond to such Collector, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the penal Sum of four thousand Pounds, with Condition that such Importer or Proprietor, or such Factor or Agent shall, from Time to Time, well and truly pay or cause to be paid to the said Collector all such Sum or Sums of Money as are or shall be due and payable by Law for the Dutie$ on any Coals delivered out of any Ship or Vessel, and for the Payment of which Duties such Importer of Proprietor, or such Agent or Factor, shall have entered into Bond as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas by the Schedule marked (A), annexed to the said Act made and passed in this present Session of Parliament, Brandy, of any Country or Place, is charged, on Importation, with Duty at nine Pence per Gallon; and Geneva is charged, on Importation, with Duty at five Pence per Gallon:

And whereas it is expedient that Geneva should pay the like Duty of nine Pence per Gallon, and be allowed a Drawback accordingly ;J be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, upon Geneva, by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, shall be after the Rate of nine Pence per Gallon; and such Geneva Avail, on Exportation, be allowed a Drawback of eight Pence per Gallon; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas a certain Species of Wood, called Ebony, being the Growth of Africa* is become very useful and necessary to Cabinet-makers, and other Artificers in this Kingdom, and it would tend to the Improvement of the Manufactures thereof, if Liberty was given to import the same into this Kingdom from Africa Duty-free be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That* from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into this Kingdom directly from any Part of Africa, in British-built Vessels owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, Wood called Ebony, being the Growth and Product of

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 33. 375

Africa, provided the same shall be unmanufactured, without paying any Subsidy, Custom, or Duty whatever for the same; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven 3 and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

" 2,400,000l. granted out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the current Year; to ba issued by the Treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 2,400,000l. or 3ny Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Consolidated Fund. If it shall be judged more advifablfc,

the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case fb be made in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of this Section. All Advantages and Penalties in the said Act of this Section, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth, extended to this Act. The said Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Confo- lidated Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 2,400,000l. notwithstanding an Act of 5 and 6 Gul. iA Marta. The Sum of 1,226,072 A 2 s. 11 d. iq. remaining in the Exchequer on April 5,

1787, Surplus of Sinking Fund; 74,102l. 9s. 10d. for the Disposition of Parliament; 180,000l. of Army Savings, 1785, to be issued towards the Supply, 44,806l. is. 7 d. of Army Savings in 1785 and 1786, to be applied towards the extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces in 1786. Monies arising by the Malt Act, Land Tax Act, Lottery Act, Loans, 2,500,000l.; further Loans, 1,500,000l.; further Bills, 1,500,000l.; 1,226,072l. is. 11 d. 2 q. remaining in the Exchequer April 5, 1787, Surplus of Sinking Fund; 74,102l. 9s. 10d. for the Disposition of Parliament; 180,000l. Army Savings 1785;

and 2,400,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund; shall be applied (with the Reftduc of the Produce of the Sale of French Prizes) to the Uses following; 2,286,000l. for Naval Services; 328,576l. 17 s. 3 d- for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, for 1787; 1,831,481l. 4 s. id. towards maintaining the Land Forces, &r. for 1787, viz. 648,687l. is. la. for defraying the Charge of 17,638 efteftive Men,

Officers, &c. in Great Britain, &c. 234,628l. 18 s. 5 d. for Forces in the Plantations, &c.; 6,834l.

19 52 d. for Difference between British and Irish Establishments, &c,; 6,409l. 8 s. for Pay of General and Staff Officers, lAc.; 23,110l. 12*. 6d. for supernumerary Officers, 6V.; 8,230l. 8 s. 7 d. 1 q. for Regiments serving in the East Indies; 59,253l. 12. id. to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War,

&c. 172,776l. 12 s. 6 d. for reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; 223l. 7 s. 6d. for re-

duced Officers, of the Horse Guards; 55,092l. 10s. and 4,907 /. 10 s. fof reduped Officers of British American Forces; 3,422l. nj. 8 d. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 172,525l.

155. xod. for Chelsea Hospital, 11,812l. 8j. 6d* for Widows; 3,253l. ns. 1 q. for Difference between the British and Irish Establishments for several Battalions in 1786; 420,311l. 17 s. 4 d. for extraordinary Expences of Land Forces; 1,500,000l. to discharge Exchequer Bills of 26 Geo. 3;

1,000,000l. more to discharge Exchequer Bills of 26 Geo. 3. 3,000,000l. more for paying oft* Exchequer Bills, 26 Geo. 3. 12,138l. i6j. 4d. iq. issued in pursuance of Addresses of the House of Commons;

15,000l. towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House; 5,851 /. 17 s. 6d. for the Civil Establish-,44 meat of Nova Scotia; 1,900l. for the Civil Establishment of the island of St. John in America; 4,300l.

for the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick; 2,100l. for the Civil Establishment of Cape Breton;

1,182l. 10s. for Newfoundland; 2,600l. for the Civil Officers of East Florida; 580l. for the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermudas', 4,38c/. for the Civil Establishment* of the Bahamas', 2,877l. 10 j.

for the Civil Establishment in New South Wales', 13,000l. for Forts in Africa; 3,000l. to the British Alujeum; 7,234 /. for the Roads of Communication in 'North Britain-, £,139 /. 4*. id. 1 q. to discharge I3ilis drawn by the acting Governor of the Bahamas, the Lieutenant Governor of St. John, the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and the Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick; 2,111l. or 6 d. for Money paid to T. Dundas and J. Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims; 890l. for Money issued to Mr. James Mouait, Chief Clerk to the Commissioners for inquiring into the Fees of Pub tick Offices; 457 A for. 6d. for Money paid to Richard Bradley for the Value of Merchandize bought by him for the Purchase of the island of Le Main in the River Gambia, as a Settlement for Convicts; 1.12,000 A to be paid to the Sufferers in America; 13,600l. to the Sufferers in East Florida;

i,ccoA for securing the Harbour of Cutwater; 1,500l. to make good Money issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners of Publick Accounts; 700 A to make good Money issued to the Secretary of Commissioners for enquiring into Losses in East Florida; 2,200 A to make good Money issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners for enquiring into the Land Revenues of the Crown; 4,445 A 19s. 11 d. to make good Money issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners for American Loyalists; 522 A to David Jen

kirjon, for three Payments made by him to the Loan of 1784; and which became forfeited to the Publick by his omitting to m«ke the future Payments, on account of being confined to his Bed by Sicknds;

2,307 /. 9 s. 4 d. to Charles Pole Agent to Alajahod de la Alar, for Damages sustained by the Seizure of the Ship Herjhlder, laden with Merchandize on Account of the Emperor of Alcrocco; 18.574l.

13l. xod. 3 q. for Deficiency for Annuities, 31 Geo. 2. 127,796l. 19s. 3d. 1 q. for Deficiency for Annuities, 18 Geo. 3. 35x39l. 13 s. 5d. iq. for Deficiency for Annuities, 19 Geo. 3. 184,234l.

3 /. id. iq. for Deficiency for Annuities, 20 Geo. 3. 11,235l. 5 s. 11 d. 3 q. for Deficiency for Annuities, 22 Geo. 3. 292,448 A 14 s. 7 d. 1 q. for Deficiency for Annuities, 23 Geo. 3;

%4 532*652l. 18s. 4d. for Deficiency for Annuities, 24 and 25 Geo. 3.; 233,410/, 6x. y d. ly. for Deficiency

376 C. 34 - 36. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

of Duties on Tea; 240,324l. 19 s. 10 d. 3-8th?, for Deficiency of Grants for 1786. Supplies not to be applied to any other (Jibs than before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum granted for Half Pay. By 26 Geo. 3. Cap. 61. a Sum not exceeding 172,666l. 10s. 5 d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers, for 1786. Overplus Monies, above satistying Half Pay Of- fleers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, ifc. in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct."

---

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, to sell and dispose of certain Fee-farm Rents, and other Rents, and to enfranchise Copyhold and Customary Tenements within their Survey; and to encourage the Growth of Timber on Lands held of the said Duchy; and so enable the said Chancellor and Council to discharge Incumbrances affecting the Possessions of the said Duchy.

---

" So much of Act 19 Geo. 3. c. 45. as restricts the Sale of the Rents therein described to not left than 25 " Years Purchase, repealed. Authority given to feil the said Rents at any Prices not under the following Rates, viz. For Rents upwards of for. per Ann. 24 Years Purchase; 5 /. and under 10 j. 22 Years Purchase; 1 s. and under 55. 20 Years Purchase. Owners of Lands to have the Preference of Purchase. Money arisen or to arise by the Sale of the said Rates, may be applied in Satisfaction of any Sums charged upon his Majesty's Lands on Account of Inclosures in the Duchy of Lancaster, &c. Bank to permit any Person authorised by the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, to transfer the Stock (landing in the Name of the Duchy. Chancellor and Council may retain Money arising by Sale of the Rates to answer Expencej. After Payment of all Costs and Charges before mentioned, the Residue of Purchase Money to be laid out, ifc. according to Act 19 Geo. 3. c. 4j. Agreements entered into by Order of the Chancellor and Council with Mortgagees, if c. to be valid. Interest due to his Majesty under any Agreement in pursuance of this Act may be distrained for as for Rent."

---

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several Publick Offices therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducting and managing the Business transacted in the said Offices.

[The former Commission continued to the End of the next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax imported.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[So much of 9 Geo. 3. c. 39. as relates to free Importation of Raw Hides and Skint from Ireland, and the British American Plantations, continued to June 1, 1791, &c.]

That so much of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland, and the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in force for five Years from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several Acts made in the fourteenth and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

[So much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 37. as relates to allowing the Exportation of Wheat, &c. to the Sugar Colonies in America;]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 36, 37.

all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and other Articles), as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and which by several Acts, made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

[and of 25 Geo. 3. c. 69. as relates to the Exportation to those Colonies of Wheat from Lancaster, continued to May 1, 1788.]

and also, that so much of the said Act, made in the said twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Lancaster to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, which was to be in force until the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and no longer.

[26 Geo. 3. c. 89. to explain 15 Geo. 3. c. 67. to prohibit the Exportation of Tools used in the Iron and Steel Manufactures, continued to the End of the next Session.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation to foreign Parts, of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas, which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

[29 Geo. 2. c. 15. granting a Bounty on British and Irish Linens exported continued to June 24, 1788, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax), which said Act was by two other Acts made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

[Preamble. 24 Geo. 3. c. 42.]

---

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by faife or untrue Pre* tenets; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Publick tioujes, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices," so far as the same related to the preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods, and the easy Redemption of Goods pawned:

And whereas the said Act, parfed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was thereby declared to have Continuance from the Day of passing thereof, for one Year and till the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament for continuing the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the further Term of one Year, which Term will be concluded upon the eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful, from and after the eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, for all Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every Person and Persons applying or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit after the following Rates, over and above the principal Sum and Sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawnbroker shall be obliged to re-deliver the same $ videlicet:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence, the Sum of one Halfpenny for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn, not exceeding one Calendar Month, and the same for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month shall not be expired:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent the Sum of five Shillings, one Penny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven Shillings and Sixpence, one Penny Halfpenny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings two Pence:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and Sixpence, two Pence Halfpenny:

377

[Preamble.]

24 Geo. 3. c. 4fc

Pawnbrokers allowed to take the following Rate for Profit.

37

r»*nWker. Rates further regulated,

Pjwns to be entered in Book-,

Pa^rnWkere so l>ive a Note defending Things pawned.

Penalty *£ainst

unlawfully p*wn<n< Goods tl.e Propetty of others.

C. 37. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen Shillings, three Pence:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, three Pence Halfpenny: "

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent one Tound, the Sum of four Pence:

And so on progressively and in Proportion for any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, to be paid for by the Calendar Monti), including the current Month, in Manner above-mentioned; which several Sums shall be in lieu of, and tak.cn as a full Satisfaction for, all Interest due, and Charges for Warehouse Room.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any intermediate Sum lent upon any Pawn or Pledge shall exceed the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and not amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, the Person lending the same shall and may take, by way of Profit, as aforesaid, at and after the Rate of four Pence, and no more, for the Loan of twenty Shillings, by the Calendar Month, including the current Month, as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Party or Parties entitled to and applying for the Redemption of Goods pawned, within the Space of seven Days after the Expiration of the fiirt Calendar Month after the same shall have been pledged, he, she, or they, shall and may be at Liberty to redeem the same, without paying any Thing by way of Profit to the Pawnbroker for the said seven Days, or such Part thereof as shall then have elapsed; and that in all Cases where the Party or Parties so entitled and applying as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said first seven Days, and before the Expiration of the first fourteen Days of the second Calendar Month, he, she, or they shall and may be at Liberty to redeem such Goods, upon paying the Profit payable for one Calendar Month, and the Half of another Calendar Month, to the Pawnbroker; but that in all Cales where the Party or Parties so entitled and applying as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the Paid first fourteen Days and before the Expiration of the said second Caleixlar Month, it shall be lawful for the Pawnbroker to demand and take the Profit of the Whole second Month; and that the like Regulation and Reflection shall take place, and be in force, in every fub-sequent Calendar Month wherein Application shall be made for redeeming Goods pawned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, shall take, by way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Goods or Chattels, of what Kind soever the same shall be, and whereon shall be lent any Sum of Money exceeding five Shillings, shall forthwith, and before he, she, or they shall or may advance or lend any Money upon such Pawn or Pledge, enter, or cause to be entered, in a fair and regular Manner, in a Book or Books to be kept by him, her, or them, for that Purpose, a Description of the Goods or Chattels which he, she, or they shall receive in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, and also the Sum of Money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom such Goods or Chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the Information of the Person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same; and in all Cases where the Money lent on any such Goods or Chattels shall not exceed the Sum of five Shillings, such Entry shall be made in such Book or Books, by all and every such Person and Persons so taking the same by way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, as aforesaid, within four Hours next after the said Goods and Chattels shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, as aforesaid; and every such Person shall, at the Time of the taking of every Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange whatsoever, give to the Persons or Persons so pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same, a Note or Memorandum, fairly written or printed, or in Part written and in Part printed, containing therein in like Manner a Description of the Goods and Chattels which he, she, or they have received in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, and also the Sum of Money advanced thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom such Goods or Chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the information aforesaid, and upon which said Note or Memorandum, or on the Back whereof, shall be moreover fairly written or printed the Name and Place of Abode of the Pawnbroker giving the same; which said Note or Memorandum the Party and Parties pawning, pledging, or exchanging the said Goods or Chattels, shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cases, and the Pawnbroker shall not receive and retain such Pledge, unless the Party pledging, or offering to pledge the same, shall accept and take such Note or Memorandum; and every such Note, where the Sum lent shall be less than five Shillings, shall be given gratis, and where the Sum lent shall be five Shillings or upwards, and less than ten Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Halfpenny for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be ten Shillings or upwards, and less than twenty Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Penny for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be twenty Shillings or upwards, and less than five Pounds, the Sum of two Pence for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be five Pounds or upwards, the Sum of four Pence, and bo more, and which Note shall be produced to the Pawnbroker before he or she shall be obliged tore-ddivxr the respective Goods or Chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, if any Person or Permits shall knowingly and designedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawf ully dispose of the Goods or Chattels of any other Person or Persons, not being employed or authorised by the Owner or Owners thereof so to do, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with such Offence, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Oath every such Justice or Justices

379

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37.

as aforesaid is and are hefeby impoWered and required to administer), every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, and also the full Value of the Goods or Chattels so pawned, pledged, exchanged, ordisposed of, such Value to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the House of Correction, or some other publick Prison, of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall reside, or be convicted, there to remain, anti be kept to hard Labour for the Space of not more than three Calendar Months, nor leis than one Calendar Month, unless the fa;J Forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if within three Days before the Expiration of the said Term of Commitment the said Forfeitures shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the Application of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, the Person or Persons so convicted to be publickly whipped in the House of Correction or Prison to which the Offender or Offenders shall have been committed, or in some other publick Place of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making Satisfaction thereout to the Party or Parties injured, and defraying the Costs of the Prosecution, as shall be judged reasonable by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had; but if the Party or Parties injured shall aecline to accent of such Satisfaction-and Costs, or if there shall be any Overplus of the said respective Forfeitures, after making such Satisfaction, and paying such Costs as aforesaid, then such respective Forfeitures, or the Overplus thereof (as the Case shall happen), shall be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counter- Penalty on Per-feit, forge, or alter, or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such Note or Memorandum as Ions forging or aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or sell any such Note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged, counterfeiting or altered, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, every such Person shall be punished Note,# in Manner herein after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to whom any Note shall be uttered or offered, which he, she, or they shall have Reason to,

Zft to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to lcize and detain such Person or Persons uttering or ing the same, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, into the Custody of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who shall, and is hereby Required, as soon as conveniently may De, to convey such Person or Persons before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be supposed to have been committed and if upon Examination it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the Person or Persons charged with having committed any such Offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every such Case, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gao! or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,

Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding the Soace of three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons who shall For pmtAing offer by way of Pawn, Pledge, Exchange, or Sale, any Goods or Chattels, shall not be able, or shall refuse, Person*J to give a satisfactory Account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the Means by which he, she, or they became possessed of such Goods or Chattels, or shall give any false Information to the Pawnbroker, or to his fcWe»# © offeror her bervant or Servants, as to whether such Goods or Chattels are his, her, or their own Property or ing to pawn not; or if there shall be any other Reason to suspect that such Goods or Chattels are stolen, or c»oodif*c# otherwise illegally or clandestinely obtained; or if any Person or Persons not entitled, nor having any Colour of Title by Law to redeem Goods or Chattels in Pledge or Pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to whom such Goods or Chattels shall be (o offered, or with whom such Goods or Chattels are in Pledge, to seize and detain such Person or Persons, and the said Goods or Chattels, and to deliver such Person or Persons immediately into the Custody of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who shall, and is hereby required, as soon as may be, to convey such Person or Persons, and the said Goods or Chattels so offered, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if such Justice or Justices shall, upon Examination and Enquiry, have Cause to suspect that the said poods or Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the Person or Persons offering and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have any Pretence or Colour of Right to redeem the lame, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons into sese Custody for such reasonable Time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper Information on the Subject, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said Examinations it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the said Goods or Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the Person or Persons offering or endeavouring to redeem the same hath or have not any Pretence or Colour of Right so to do, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to Law, where the Nature of the Offence shall authorise such Commitment by any other Law; and where the Nature of the Offence shall not authorise such Commitment by any other *7 Geo. III. 3 D Law,

380

Where Cocxil unlawfully pawned, the Pawnbroker to restore them*

Punishing tht Pawnbroker who will not deliver up Goods U) the Fawuu,

C. 37. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Law, then such Commitment shall be for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor Ids than

one Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners of any Goods or Chattels unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged, shall make out, either on his, her, or their Oath, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, or, being one of the People called J^uakers, by solemn Affirmation, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their Jurisdiction, that such Owner or Owners hath or have had his, her, or th^ir Goods or Chattels unlawfully obtained, or taken from him, her, or them, and that there is just Cause to suspect that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, hath or have, knowingly and unlawfully, taken to pawn, or by way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any Goods or Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and without the Privity or Authority of such Owner or Owners thereof, and ilia.ll make appear, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, probable Grounds for such the Suspicion of the Owner or Owners thereof, then, and in any such Case, any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their Jurisdiction, may issue his or their Warrant for searching, in the Day Time, the House, Warehouse, or other Pl?cc, of any such Person or Persons, who shall be charged on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have knowingly or unlawfully received or taken in Pawn, or by way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any such Goods or Chattels, without the Privity of, or Authority from, the Owner or Owners thereof; and if the Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Warehouse, or other Place, wherein any such Goods or Chattels shall, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, be charged or suspecied to be, shall, after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, on Request made to him, her, or them, to open the same, by any Peace Officer authorised to search there, by Warrant from a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in which such House, Warehouse, or other Place shall be situate, refuse to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer to break open any such House, Warehouse, or other Place, in the Day lime, and to search, as he shall think fit, therein, for the Goods or Chattels suspe£ied to be there, doing no wilful Damage; and no Pawnbroker, or other Person or Persons, shall oppose or hinder any such Search; and if upon the Search of the House, Warehouse, or other Place, of any such suspected Person or Persons as aforesaid, any of the Goods or Chattels, which shall have been so knowingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, shall be found, and the Property of the Owner or Owners from whom the same shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken shall be made out, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or if any such Witness or Witnesses shall be of the People called £>uaktrs9 by solemn Affirmation, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with any such Offence, any such Justice or Justices shall thereupon' cause the Goods and Chattels found on any such Search, and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the Owner or Owners thereof.

IX. And whereas Goods and Chattels are often pawned or pledged for securing the Payment of Money lent thereon, and the Profit thereof, and afterwards the Borrowers, or their Representatives, are desirous to repay the same, and the Profit due thereon, and make Tender thereof to the Person or Persons with whom the lame are so pawned or pledged, yet they are frequently under great Difficulties to get back the Goods and Chattels so pawned, and are often under a Necessity to commence Suits at Law for the Recovery thereof, to their great Expence For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, if aoy Goods or Chattels shall be pawned or pledged for securing any Money lent thereon, not exceeding in the Whole the Principal Sum of ten Pounds, and the Profit thereof, and if within one Year after the pawning or pledging thereof, Proof having been made on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and by producing the Note or Memorandum directed to be given by this Act as aforesaid, before any Justice or Justices, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, of the pawning or pledging of any such Goods or Chattels, within the said Space of one Year, any such Pawner or Pawners, who was or were the real Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels at the Time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall tender unto the Person or rerlons who lent, on the Security of the Goods or Chattels pawned, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Principal Money borrowed thereon, and Profit, according to the Table of Rates by this Act established, and the Person who took such Goods or Chattels in Pawn, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall thereupon, without (liewing reasonable Cause for so doing, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the Goods or Chattels so pawned, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Principal Sum of ten Pounds, to the Person or Persons who borrowed the Money thereon, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; then, and in any such Case^ on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or some other credible Person, any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty,'Town, or Place, where the Person or Persons who took such Pawn as aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall dwell, on the Application of the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such Person or Persons who took such Pawn, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices, to come before such Justice or Justices; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to examine on Oath, or solemn Affirmation, as the Case may require, the Parties themselves, and such other credible Person or Persons as shall appear before him or them, touching the Premises; and if Tender of the Principal Money due, and all Profit thereof as a fore! aid, shall be proved by Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid to have been made, such Principal Money not exceeding the said Sum of ten Pounds, to the Lender or Lenders thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators,

381

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37.

nistrators, or Assigns, by the Borrower or Borrowers of such Principal Money, his, her, or their Executory Administrators, or Assigns, within the said Space of one Year after the said pawning or pledging of the Goods or Chattels, then on Payment, by the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such Principal Money, and the Profit due thereon, as aforesaid, to the Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and in case the Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on Tender thereof to him, her, or them made, by the Borrower or Borrowers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, before any such Justice or Justices, such Justice or Justices shall thereupon, by Order under his or their Hand or Hands, direct the Goods or Chattels so pawned, forthwith to be delivered up to the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and if the rerson or Persons who shall have lent any Principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of ten Pounds, on any Goods or Chattels pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up, or make Satisfaction for the Goods or Chattels which shall be so proved, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to have been so pawned, as auy such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid dial] order and direct, then any such Justice or Justices shall, and is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties so refusing to deliver up or make Satisfaction for the same, to the House of Correction, or some other publick Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall relide or be convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, she, or they shall deliver up the Goods or Chattels so pawned and continuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to the Order of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or make such Satisfaction or Compensation as such Justice or Justices shall adjudge reasonable for the Value thereof to the Party or Parties entitled to the Redemption of such Goods or Chattels so pawned, and continuing redeemable as aforesaid.

X. And, to prevent any Inconvenience to Persons carrying on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, from several different Persons claiming a Property in the same Goods or Chattels, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, any Person or Persons who shall at any Time produce any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons with whom the Goods therein specified were pawned or pledged, as the Owner thereof, or as authorised by the Owner thereof, to redeem the same, and require a Delivery of the Goods or Chattels mentioned therein to him, her, or them, such Person or Persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, so far as respects the Person or Persons having such Goods and Chattels in Pledge, the real Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors of such Goods and Chattels; and the Person or Persons so using the said Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker shall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving Satisfaction pursuant to the Provisions of this Act respecting Principal and Profit* to deliver such Goods and Chattels to the Person or Persons who shall so produce the said Note or Memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for so doing, unless he, she, or they shall have had previous Notice, from the real Owner or Owners thereof, not to deliver the same to the Person or Persons producing such Note, or unless Notice shall have been given to him, her, or them, that the Goods and Chattels pawned have been, or are suspected to have been, fraudulently or felonioudy token or obtained, and unless the real Owner or Owners thereof proceeds or proceed in Manner herein after provided and directed for the redeeming of Goods and Chattel pledged, where such Note hath been loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pawnbroker shall have bad such previous Notice as aforesaid, or in case any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid shall be loft, midaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof, and the Goods and Chattels mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then, and in every such Case, the Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers with whom the said Goods and Chattels were so pledged or exchanged, shall, at the Request and Application of any Person or Persons who shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the Pawnbroker as the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels in Pledge, or exchanged as aforesaid, deliver to such Person or Persons, so requesting and applying for the same, a Copy of the Note or Memorandum so loft, midaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, as aforesaid, with the Form of an Affidavit of the particular Circumstances attending the Case, printed or written, or in Part printed and in Part written, on the said Copy, as the same shall be dated to him or her by the Party applying as aforesaid, for which Copy of such Note or Memorandum, and Form of Affidavit, in case the Money lent shall not exceed the

Sum of ten Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the Sum of one Penny and in case the Money lent shall exceed the Sum of ten Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the like Sum of Money as he is entitled to receive and take on giving the original Note or Memorandum, such Money to be paid by the Party applying for the same, at the Time of making the said Application; and the Person or Persons having so obtained such Copy of the Note or Memorandum, and Form of Affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or their Property in, or Right to, such Goods and Chattels, to the Satisfaction of some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, where the said Goods or Chattels shall have been pledged, pawned, or exchanged; and shall also verify on Oath, or Affirmation as the Case may be, before some Justice of the Peace, the Truth of the particular Circumstances attending the Case mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation, to be made as aforesaid, the Caption of such Oath or Affirmation to be authenticated by the Hand Writing thereto of the Justice before whom the same shall be made, and who shall and is hereby required so to authenticate the same, whereupon the Pawnbroker shall fuffier^he Person or Persons proving such Property to the Satisfaction of such Justice as aforesaid, and making

producing Notes Of Memo randoms deem'd the Owners,

WfcerftKattt m Memorandum* loft, the Ptwo-broker to deliver t Copy.

382

Pawned Good* deemed forfe ted t the Eod of oae Year,

On Notlct from Persons having Goods in Pledge not to fall, seven Days further allowed beyond the Year, for Redemption*

Account of Sale* to be entered by the Pawnbrokers In a Book)

nod Overplus paid to thoOwn* ex of the Goods pawned or fold.

Pawnbroker not to purchase Goods whilst they are in his Custody,

C. 37. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

fudl*Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving such Copy of the said Note or Memorandum, and the said Affidavit or Affirmation, with the said Pawnbroker, to redeem such Goods or Chattels.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods and Chattels which shall be pawned or pledged shall be deemed forfeited, and may be fold, at the Expiration of one whole Year from the Time of the pawning the same; and that all Goods and Chattels so forfeited, on which any Sum above ten Shillings, and not exceeding ten Pounds, shall have been lent, shall be sold by publick Auction, but not otherwise, by the Order of the Person having the lame in Pawn, at and after the Expiration of the said Year; but the Person employed to sell such Goods and Chattels by Auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to publick View, and Catalogues thereof to be published, and an Advertisement, giving Notice of such Sale, and containing the Name or Names of the Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers with whom the said Goods or Chattels were in Pledge, to be inserted on two several Days in fotne publick Newspaper, two Days at least before the first Day of Sale, upon Pain af forfeiting, to the Owner or Owners of the said Goods or Chattels, for every Offence in the Premises, the Sum of Five Pounds; and that all Persons redeeming any Goods or Chattels which were pawned or pledged before the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and e;ghty-f» ven, shall be permitted so to do upon the Terms of, and according to the Table of Rates established by the said Act, which was passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and on no other Terms.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons entitled to redeem Goods or Chattels in Pledge, shall, before the Expiration of the said one Year from the Time of pawning the same, give Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons having the same in Pledge, or leave the same at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, not to sell the same, at the End of the said one Year) then, and in every such Case, such Goods or Chattels shall not be sold or disposed of by the Person or Persons having the same in Pledge, until after the Expiration of three Months, to be computed from the Expiration of the said Year; during which said Term of three Months, the Owner or Owners of the said Goods and Chattels shall have Liberty to redeem the same, upon the Terms stipulated and provided by this Act.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons to whom any Goods or Chattels shall have been pawned or pledged, shall, from Time to Time, enter in a Book or Books to be kept by him, her, or them for that Purpose, a true and just Account of the Sale of all Goods and Chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for upwards of ten Shillings, which shall be sold as aforesaid, expressing the Day when, and the Money for which, such Goods or Chattels pawned were fold, together with the Name and Place of Abode of the Auctioneer by whom the same were fold, according to the Information thereof from the Auctioneer; and in case any such Goods or Chattels shall be sold for more than the Principal Money and Profit aforesaid due thereon at the Time of such Sale, the Overplus shall, by every such Pawnbroker, be paid, on Demand, to the Person by whom or on whose Account such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in case such Demand shall be made within three Years after such Sale, the necessary Costs and Charges of such Sale being first deducted, and such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, for his, her, or their Satisfaction in this Matter, be per- mitted to inspect the Entry to be made as aforesaid of every such Sale, paying for such Inspection the hum of one Penny, and no more; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit any such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, or who is entitled to such Overplus Money, to inspect such Entry as aforesaid in any such Book or Books, such Person or Persons, if an Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, or Assignee or Assignees, at such Time producing his, her, or their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Alignment, or in case the Goods or Chattels were fold for more than the hum entered in any such Book or Books, or if any such Person or Persons shall not make such Entry as aforesaid, or shall not have, bona fide, according to the Directions of this Act, fold the same, or shall refuse to pay such Overplus, upon Demand, to the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, he, she, or they, producing such their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Alignment, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit treble the Sum such Goods and Chattels shall originally have been pawned for, to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding^ Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, no Person or Persons having any Goods or Chattels in Pledge shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, either by himself or herself, or by any other Person for him or her, purchase any such Goods or Chattels so being in Pledge with him or her during the Time the same shall remain in his or her Custody as such Pledge, save and except at such publick Auction as aforesaid, nor shall surfer the same to be redeemed with a View or Intention to purchase the same; nor shall any such Person taking or having any Goods or Chattels in Pledge, make, or cause to be made, any Comradtor Agreement, with any Person or Persons offering to pledge, or pledging the same, or with the Owner or Owners of the Pledge, for the Purchase, Sale, or Disposition of the said Goods and Chattels, before the Expiration of one whole Year from the Time of pawning or pledging the same; nor shall any Pawnbroker purchase, or receive or take any Goods or Chattels in Pledge, of or from any Person or Persons who shall appear to be under the Age of twelve Years, or to be intoxicated with Liquor* or purchase, or take in

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37.

Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, the Note or Memorandum aforesaid of any other Pawnbroker; nor buy any Goods or Chattels in the Course of his, her, or their Trade or ft u fine is, before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Evening, throughout the Year; nor receive or take in Goods or Chattels by way of Pawn, Pledge, or in Exchange, before Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after Nine of the Clock in the Evening, between Michaelmas-day and Lady day following, or before Seven of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after* Ten of the Clock in the Evening, during the Remainder of the Year, excepting only on the Evenings of Saturday throughout the whole Year and excepting on the Evenings preceding Good Friday and Chrijhnas-day j nor shall any Person or Persons exercise or carry on the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Chrijhnas-day.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and every Person and Persons who shall follow and carry on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker shall cause to be painted or printed in large legible Changers the Rate of Profit allowed by this Act to be taken by him, her, or them, and also the various Prices of the Notes or Memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, according to the Rates aforesaid, and an Account of what Notes or Memorandums are to be given gratis, and of the Expence of obtaining a second-Note or Memorandum, where the former one has been loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and place the same in a conspicuous Part or Parts of the Shop or other Place wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such Trade and Business, so as to be visible to, and legible by, the Persons pledging Goods and Chattels (landing in the several Boxes or Places provided for fqch Persons coming to pawn or redeem Goods and Chattels at such Shop.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise between any Person or Persons pledging or redeeming, or offering to redeem, any Goods or Chattels, and the Pawnbroker with whom the same shall have been pledged, or alledged to have been pledged, respe<5f-ing the Redelivery thereof, or the Money to be paid to such Pawnbroker, every such Difference or Dispute, in case the original Sum lent was under forty Shillings, shall be settled and determined by any Justice of the Peace acting for the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, who is hereby authorised and required, upon Application being made to him for that Purpose, by Examination on Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may require, of the Parties themselves, and such other credible Person or Persons as shall appear before him touching the Premises, to hear and determine the same; which Determination shall be final and binding unto and upon all Persons.

XVIII. And, for the better manifesting by whom the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker shall hereafter be carried on, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, all and every Person or Persons who shall follow or carry on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible Characters, over the Door of each Shop, or other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for carrying on that Trade and Business, the Christian and Surname or Names of the Person or Persons so carrying on the said Trade or Business, and the Word Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the Case may be, following the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds for every Shop or Place which shall be so made use of for the Space of one Week, without having such Name or Names, and the said Word, so painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by Distreis and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, determined by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace acting within the respective County, Riding, Division* City, Town, Liberty, or PE*,e (which Warrant such JulUccs are hereby authorised and required to grant)* upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any credible Witness or Witnesses* upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be; and the said Penalty, when the Charges of recovering the same shall be deduced, shall be paid, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place in which the Offence shall be committed; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain^ without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless the said Penalty, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, in the Course of any Proceedings before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of, or under this Act, it shall appear, or be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices, upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, that any of the Goods or Chattels pawned as aforesaid have been fold before the Time allowed by this Act, or otherwise than according to the Directions of this Act, or have been embezzled, or are become or have been rendered of less Value than the same were at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the Default, Neglect, or wilful Misbehaviour of the Person or Persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Agents or Servants, then, and in any such Case, it shall be lawful to and for very such Justice and Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required, to allow or award a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels, in respeef thereof, or of such Damage; and the Sum or Sums of Money so allowed or awarded, in case the same shall not amount to the Principal and Profit aforesaid, wlvch shall appear to be due to any Person. or Persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Affixes, shall be (deduced out of the said Principal and Profit; and in all Cases where the Goods and Chattels pawned as aforesaid shall nave been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the Pawner or Pawners, hi-, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to pay or tender the Money due upon the Balance, alter de-dudish^ out of the Principal and Profit as aforesaid, for the Goods and Chattels pawned, Ilo i ea ion able*

Satisfaction,

Time for taking in Pawn* limited*

Pawnbrokers tw

pl^ce in Vie* the Table of Profit*, &c»

Difptrte* be* tween Pawnbroker* and Pawner* to be settled by a Justice of the Peace*

Pawnbroker Name* and Business to be piaccdk over his Door*

Penalty on

Pawnbrokers selling Goods before limited Time, cr injuring the m.

Pawnbroken to produce their Book* when need lary.

384 C. 37. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

Satisfaction, in respect to such Damage, as any such Justice or Justices shall order or award; and, upon lb doing, the Justice or Justices shall proceed as if the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, had paid or tendered the whole Money due for the Principal and Profit as aforesaid; and if the Satisfaction to be allowed and awarded to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels shall be equal to, or exceed the Principal and Profit aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the Person or Persons to whom the lame were so pledged or pawncJ, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall deliver the Goods or Chattels so pledged to the Owner or Owners thereof, without being paid any Thing for Principal or Profit in respect thereof, and shall alto pay such Excel's if any, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him, on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witnt fs or Witnesses, where any Information shall be laid against any Pawnbroker for having offended against this Act, or respecting any Dispute between any Pawnbroker and Person having pawned Goods, or the Owner or Owners of Goods pawned, or respecting any Felony or other Matter, or on any other Occasion whatsoever, which, in the Judgment of any Justice or Justices, shall make the Production of any Book, Note, Voucher, or other Paper necessary, which shall or ought to be in the Hands, Custody, or Power of any Pawnbroker, to summon such Pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or any Book, Note, Voucher, or Paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his or her Custody or Power, relating to the same, which he or Ihc is hereby required to produce before such Justice or Justices in the State the same was or were made at the Time the Pawn or Pledge was received, without any Alteration, Erase* ment, or Obliteration whatsoever; and in case such Pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the lame in its true and perfjdl State, such Pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth not shew good Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, for the Use, and to be levied in the Manner herein after mentioned.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pawnbroker shall, from and after the said eleventh Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, in any wise offend against this Act, every such Pawnbroker shall, for every such Offence, in neglecting to make, or cause to be made, in a fair and regular Manner, in such Book or Books as aforesaid, any such Entry as is required to be made by him, her, or them, by this Act, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, and for every other Offence against this Act, where no Forfeiture or Penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specifick Offence against any Part of this Act, the Sum of five Pounds; and that all Forfeitures incurred by any Offence committed against this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; and it shall be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices to award to the Party complaining, out of the said Penalty, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings, and the Remainder of the aforesaid Penalty or Penalties, not otherwise disposed of and applied by this Act, to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Off’ence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

XXII. Provided always, And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject liable to any Prosecution or Information before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish or Place where any Offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any Pawnbroker against this Act, or feme or one of such Officers, at the Discretion or Direction of any Justice of the Peace, on having Notice from such Justice of the Peace of such Offence being supposed to have been committed, shall, and they, oY some or one of them, to be nominated by such Justice as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute every Offender for every Offence so to be suggested by such Justice to haie been committed agi.inst this Act, at the Expence of the respective Parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be, for the Time being, such Officers or Officer.

£nd?oVerson*

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lEdii Money any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall end Money to any Person or Persons whomsoever upon Pawn at 51. per <'ent. or Pledge, 2t the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or greater without further Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

Profit.

Penalty on Pawnbroker* of fending against Chit A A.

Churchwardens, he. to prosecute.

Justices rot to Mve any Fee* or Gratuitie for Aing under thin Ad.

The A A to extend to Eiecu-ton, &c. of Pawnbrokers.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received by any Justice of the Peace, his or their Clerk, or by any Person whomsoever, for any Summons or Warrant, or other Proceedings whatsoever to be granted or made by any [ultice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Provisoes, Regulations, and Clauses contained in this present Act, shall, from and after the said eleventh Day of July one tftou-sand seven hundred and eighty-iVvtn, extend to, and include the Executors, Administrators, and Affigto, of all and every deceased Pawnbroker, in the same Manner as the same extend to and include the Pawnbroker, when living, save and except that no such Executor or Administrator of any such deceased Pawnbroker shall be answerable for any Penalrv or Forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own Monies or Estate, unless the lame shall be incurred and forfeited by his, 'her, or their own Act or Neglect.

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 37. 385

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if any Person or Persons shall, at any General Iffo*. Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed

in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may

plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become non-

suited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against Double Coste.

such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits, In- inhabitant! of

formations, Trials, and other Proceedings in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any Matter or Thing any Place where herein contained, any Inhabitants of the Parish, Town, or Place in which any Offence or Offences shall coml

be committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be admitted to give Evidence, and £peu:ntWit» shall be deemed competent Witnesses, notwithstanding his, her, or their being an Inhabitant or Inhabitants ne(rcg.

of the Parish, Town, or Place, wherein any such Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted, in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or to the Effect following; (that is to fayj

BE it remembered. That on this Day of in the

Year of his Majesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of [or, for the Riding or Division of

the said County of or, for the City, Liberty, or Town of as the

Case shall happen to be] for and the said do adjudge

him or her to pay and forfeit for the same the Sum of Given under

the Day and Year aforesaid/'

Form of Ct»* vision.

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had shall cause the same, so drawn up in the Ferm aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Session; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justice or Justices to the said General or Quarter Session, the Justices in such General or Quarter Session are hereby required upon receiving the said Conviction drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act, any Law, Custotn, or Ufoge to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction, or other Proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Appeal# convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act shall think him or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace, which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Judgment shall have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Case be suspended, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Conviction with two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Eftest, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices in their laid next General or Quarter Session, and to pay such Costs as the said Justices in such Session shall award on such Occasion, which Recognizance the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had is and are hereby impowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session are hereby authorised and required to hear and finally determine die Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if, upon the hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant mall have been convicted shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session dull award to be paid for defraying the Expences fulhined by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal* or in Default of making such Payment, shall suffer the respective Pains and Penalties by this Act inflicted upon Persons respectively, who mall neglect to pay, or shall not pay, the respective Sums or Forfeitures by this Act to be paid by or imposed upon Persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this Act.

---

[Continuance of Act.]

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force for one Year only from the first of June in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

[Publick Act.]

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

386 C. 38. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it may be expedient, for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing original Patterns for printing Linens, Callicoes, Cottons, and Muslins, to vest the Property thereof in the Designers, Printers, or Proprietors, for a limited Time; for which Purpose may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted;' and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From June 1, 1787. the Proprietor of 1ny original Pattern for printing Linens to have the sole Right of printing it for two Months from first Publication;]

That, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, every Person who shall invent, design, and print, or cause to be invented, designed, and printed, and become the Proprietor of any new and original Pattern or Patterns for printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, or Muslins, shall have the sole Right and Liberty of printing and reprinting the same for the Term of two Months, to commence from the Day of the first publishing thereof, which shall be truly printed with the Name of the Printer or Proprietors at each End of every such Piece of Linen, Cotton, Callicoe, or Muslin;

[and whoever shall within that Period print the same, to be liable to an Action for Damages;]

and that if any Callicoe Printer, Linen Draper, or other Person whatsoever, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, within the Time limited by this Act, shall print, work, or copy, such original Pattern or Patterns, or cause to be printed, worked, or copied, such original Pattern or Patterns, or shall print or reprint, or cause to be printed or reprinted, any such Pattern or Patterns, and shall publish, sell, or expose to Sale, or in any other Manner dispose of, or cause to be published, sold, or exposed to Sale, or in any other Manner disposed of, any Linen, Cotton, Callicoe, or Muslin, so printed without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, first had and obtained in Writing, signed by him or them respectively, in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, knowing the same to be so printed or reprinted without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Pattern, then every such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may, if the Offence be committed in England, by and in a special Action upon the Case, to be brought against the Person or Persons so offending, recover such Damages as a Jury on the Trial of such Action, or on the Execution of a Writ of Inquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with Costs of Suit, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and if the Offence be committed in Scotland, every such Proprietor or Proprietors shall and may, by an Action to be brought before the Court of Session, or any Judge competent to try Civil causes within his Bounds, recover such Damages as the said Court of Session, or the said Judge, shall give or assess, and for Payment whereof Decree shall be issued, with full Costs of Suit, on which all such Execution shall pass as is competent by the Laws and Practice of Scotland in the like cases:

[but any Person purchasing Plates from the Proprietors may print therefrom.]

Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall hereafter purchase any Plate or Plates, Block or Blocks, for printing, from the original Proprietors thereof, to print, reprint, and expose for Sale, or cause to be printed, reprinted, and exposed for Sale, from the said Plates or Blocks, without being liable to any Action on that Account.

[Mode of prosecuting Offences against this Act.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any Offence committed against this Act, the same shall be brought within the Space of six Months after so doing, and the Defendant and Defendants, in such Action or Suit, if brought in England, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; and if, upon such Action or Suit, a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, then the Defendant or Defendants shall have and receive full Costs; for the Recovery whereof he shall have the same Remedy as any other Defendant or Defendants in any other Case hath or have by Law; and if such Action be brought in Scotland, and not insisted in, or if the Defender be assoilzied, then the Defender shall be entitled to full Costs, for the Recovery whereof he shall have the same Remedy as herein-before is given to the Pursuer.

[Act to continue in force for one Year, and to the End of the then next Session.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue in force for one Year and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

[Continued for one Year from July 15, 1787.]

CAP. XL.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Officers and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 41 - 43. 387

within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[756,375l.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for the Relief of Purchasers.

[Act 3 Geo. 1. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &c. made since Sept. 29, 1717, to be good in Law, if inrolled before Oct. 1, 1787. Not to extend to Deeds, the Validity whereof has been brought in question before April 1, 1787. Purchases made not to be avoided on account of the Title-deeds not having been inrolled, &c. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any Benefice, &c. in Trust for any Papist.]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in the Court of Session of the County Palatine of Chester, and for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the same Court.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient that no Person or Persons is or are impowered to grant Commissions for the taking or swearing of Affidavits, to be read and made use of in the Court of Session, otherwise called Great Session, for the County Palatine of Chester, before his Majesty's Justices of the said Court, as well of Pleas of the Crown as of Common Pleas, and of all Manner of Pleas whatsoever, in the several Matters and causes depending, or hereafter to be depending, in the said Court; and that the Prothonotary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy, have not Power and Authority to take and swear such Affidavits as aforesaid, and to take Affidavits for the Justification of Special Bails, taken in Actions and Suits in the said Court; and also, that no Person or Persons is or are impowered to grant Commissions for the taking of Special Bails in Actions and Suits in the said Court;' for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Justices of the Court of Session for the County Palatine of Chester may impower Persons to take Affidavits in Cases depending therein.]

That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Justices of the said Court for the Time being, or either of them, shall and may, by one or more Commission or Commissions, under the Seal of the said County Palatine, from Time to Time, as Need shall require, impower such and so many Person or Persons as they or either of them shall think fit or necessary, to take and receive all and every such Affidavit and Affidavits as any Person or Persons shall be willing to make, before any of the Persons so impowered, in or concerning any Cause, Matter, or Thing, depending, or hereafter to be depending, or in anywise concerning any of the Proceedings to be in the said Court, as the Justices of his Majesty's Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas, the Lord Treasurer, and the Chancellor and Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any of them, do use to do;

[Prothonotary or his Deputy may take like Affidavits, &c.]

and also that, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Prothonotary of the said Court of Session for the said County of Chester for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy ex officio, as Officers of the same Court, and without such Commission or Commissions as aforesaid, to take and receive all and every such Affidavit and Affidavits as aforesaid, in or concerning such causes, Matters, or Things as aforesaid; which said Affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the Office of the Prothonotary of the said County, and the same shall and may be read and made use of in the said Court, to all Intents and Purposes, as other Affidavits taken in the said Court now are; and that all and every Affidavit and Affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same Force and Effect as Affidavits taken in the said Court now are;

[Persons forswearing themselves, liable to the same Penalties as for false Affidavits in open Court.]

and all and every Person and Persons forswearing him or themselves in such Affidavit or Affidavits, shall incur and be liable unto the same Pains and Penalties as he, she, or they would have incurred and been liable unto if such Affidavit or Affidavits had been made and taken in open Court; which said several Commissions shall be made out by the Prothonotary of the said Court of Session, upon a Fiat or Warrant from the said Justices for the Time being, or one of them;

[Manner of making out Commissions for taking Affidavits, &c.]

and the said Prothonotary shall cause an Entry to be made, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose of the Names of the Persons to whom such Commissions shall be from Time to Time granted, and of the respective Times when such Commissions shall be issued;

[Fees to be paid for such Commissions, and for taking Affidavits.]

and the following Fees shall be paid for each Commission, and no more; (to wit:) The Sum of two Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant; the Sum of four Shillings for making out the Commission, besides the King’s Duty, and the Value of the Parchment; and the Sum of four Shillings for sealing the same: And the said Prothonotary, and his officiating Deputy, and every Commissioner, or Person so impowered as aforesaid, shall take and receive, for the swearing of each Affidavit before him or them, the Sum or Fee of one Shilling, and no more:

[No Affidavit to be taken within a Mile of Chester Castle during the County Session.]

Provided nevertheless, That neither any Person appointed a Commissioner

388 C. 43, 44. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

as aforesaid, nor the said Prothonotary, or his Deputy, shall take or swear any Affidavit within br taken within one Mile of the Castle of Chester during the Time of holding the Session for the said County.

[Justices of the said Court may impower Persons to take Recognizances.]

II. 'And, to give greater Ease and Benefit to the Persons residing within the said County Palatine of Chester, in taking Recognizances of Special Bail in all Actions and Suits depending or to be depending in the said Court of Session; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the same Court for the Time being, or either of them, shall and may, by one or more Commission or Commissions under the Seal of the said County Palatine from Time to Time, as Need shall require, impower such and so many Person and Persons (other than common Attornies or Solicitors) as they or either of them shall think fit and necessary in the said County Palatine of Chester, to take and receive all and every such Recognizance or Recognizances of Bail or Bails, as any Person or Persons shall be willing and desirous to acknowledge or make before any Person so impowered, in any Action or Suit depending, or hereafter to be depending in the said Court, in such Manner and Form, and by such Recognizance or Bail Piece as Special Bails are usually, or by Law ought to be taken;

[Manner of making out Commissions for taking such Recognizances, &c.]

which said several last mentioned Commissions shall be made out by the Prothonotary of the said Court, upon a Fiat or Warrant from the said Justices for the Time being, or one of them, and which said Recognizance or Recognizances, Bail Piece or Bail Pieces, so taken as aforesaid, together with an Affidavit made of the due taking of the Recognizances of such Bail or Bail Piece, by some credible Person present at the taking thereof (and which Affidavit the Person so impowered to take the said Bail shall be, and hereby is authorised to take and swear), shall, within ten Days after the taking such Bail, be transmitted to the Office of the Prothonotary of the said County, there to be filed of Record upon Payment of the Sum of five Shillings and four Pence; and which Recognizance of Bail or Bail Piece, so taken and transmitted, shall be of like Effect as if the same were taken before the Justices of the said Court, in open Court;

[Fees to be paid for Commissions to take Recognizances.]

and the following Fees, and no more, shall be paid for each of the said last mentioned Commissions, and for taking the Acknowledgments of the Bail and Affidavits respecting the same; (to wit,) The Sum of two Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant; the Sum of seven Shillings and Sixpence for making out the Commission, besides the King’s Duty and Parchment; the Sum of four Shillings for the Seal; the Sum of five Shillings for taking every such Acknowledgment or Bail Piece; and the Sum of one Shilling for the swearing the Affidavit of the due taking thereof.

[Justices of the said Court may make Rules for justifying Bail by Affidavits before the Commissioners.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices for the Time being shall and may make such Rules and Orders for the justifying of such Bails, and making the same absolute, as to them shall seem meet, so that it may not be necessary for the Cognizor or Cognizors of any such Bail or Bails to appear in the said Court to justify him or themselves, but that the same may be determined by Affidavit or Affidavits duly taken before any of the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid (or before the Prothonotary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating Deputy ex officio, as Officers of the said Court, and without any Commission for that Purpose), touching the Value of the respective Estates, and other necessary Qualifications of such Cognizor or Cognizors; and for the swearing of each such Affidavit shall be taken the Sum of one Shilling, and no more:

[Power of Protonotary, or his Deputy, to take Recognizances not to be affected by this Act.]

Provided also nevertheless. That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Prothonotary of the said Court for the Time being, or his officiating deputy, from taking and receiving ex officio, and as Officers of the said Court, Recognizances of Bails in Actions or Suits commenced, or hereafter to be commenced in the said Court, in such Manner as he and they have done, or by Law might do, and as if this Act had not been made.

[If any Person represent another in entering into special Bail, he shall be adjudged a Felon.]

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall, before any Person or Persons impowered by virtue of this Act, as aforesaid, to take Special Bail or Bails, represent or personate any other Person or Persons, whereby the Person or Persons so represented or personated may be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money for Debt or Damages, to be recovered in the same Suit or Action wherein such Person or Persons is or are represented or personated, as if he, she, or they, had really acknowledged and entered into the same, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, esteemed, and taken to be a Felon or Felons, and shall suffer and incur the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as Persons convicted of the like Offences are liable to by virtue of an Act, passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking Special Bails in the Country, upon Actions and Suits depending in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to limit the Time for the Commencement of certain Suits in the Ecclesiastical Courts:' May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts for defamatory Words to be commenced within seix Months.]

That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty*seven, no Suit for defamatory Words shall be commenced in any of the Ecclesiastical Courts within England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, unless the same shall be commenced within six Calendar Months from the Time when such defamatory Words shall have been uttered.

[Limitation of Suits in Ecclesiastical Courts.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Suit shall be commenced in any Ecclesiastical Court, for Fornication, or Incontinence, or for striking or brawling in any Church or Churchyard,

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 389

after the Expiration of eight Calendar Months from the Time when such Offence shall have been committed; nor shall any Prosecution be commenced or carried on for Fornication at any Time after the Parties offending shall have lawfully intermarried.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for rebuilding the Pier of Margate in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, establishing, and recovering certain Duties, in lieu of the ancient and customary Droits, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; for widening, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and publick Passages in the Town of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet; for settling the Rates of Porters, Chairmen, Carters, and Carmen within the said Town; and for preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the ancient Town of Margate, in the County of Kent, hath, from Time immemorial, had a Pier and Harbour very convenient for, and advantageous to the Trade and Navigation of the Nation at large, in the Preservation of Shipping in Stress of Weather, and in Time of War; as well as for the exporting and importing of many Sorts of Commodities: And whereas the Welfare not only of the said Town of Margate, but of the adjacent Country, depends very much upon the Maintenance of the said Pier; and although an Act of Parliament was passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, to enable the Pier Wardens of the said Town of Margate more effectually to reco- ver the ancient and customary Droits for the Support and Maintenance of the said Pier; yet the same, w 4 although beneficial in its Effects, so far as its Powers and Provisions extend, hath not been found adequate to all the good Purposes intended: And whereas the ruinous Condition and bad Confirmation of the present Pier are such, that it would be very beneficial if the same was entirely taken down, and a new Stone Head built in its Room: And whereas, by reason of the great Resort of Nobility and Gentry to the Town of Margate, for the Benefit of bathing in the Sea, and from other Circumstances, the said Town hath very much increased, and is yet continually increasing, both in Extent of Buildings and in Number of In- habitants; and the Trade of the said Town hath increased, and is increasing, in the like Proportion; and the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town of Margate, and also within the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, within which Parish the said Town is situated, by means of such Increase of Trade and Population, and by means of Annoyances and Encroachments, are very dirty and incommodious, and are frequently very difficult of Passage; and it would tend much to the Prosperity of the said Town and Parish, to the Ease and Convenience of the Company resorting thereto, and to the Increase of such Resort, if some more effectual Powers were obtained for the ascertaining, establishing, and recovering of the Droits of the said Pier; and if a new Stone Head was eroded in lieu of the present Pier;

and if the Streets, Lanes, Highways, and other publick Passages and Places in the said Town, were pro- perly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and preserved, and the Highways within the said Parish pro- i>erly repaired and amended: And whereas there have Trom Time immemorial been paid certain

Droits, called Poundage and Laftage, and other Rates and Duties, which have been confirmed by the Orders and Decrees of divers Lords Wardens of the Cinque Ports, and by the before-mentioned Act of Parliament, of the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First; and it is necellhry to make more effectual Provision, both for ascertaining and fixing what the said Rates and Duties shall in all future

Times be, and for enforcing the due Payment thereof, in case of Refusal or Nonpayment, as also for providing a Fund for the erecting and better securing of the said Pier and Harbour, and for the other Purposes of this Act :* May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties Duties, Rates, and Impositions hereby and herein after imposed in lieu of the ancient Pier Droits, and also the several other and Assessments, Rates and Assessments herein after mentioned, shall form one aggregate Fund, and be vested in the Commissioners to form one »S

herein after named for carrying this Act into Execution., gregate Fund,

Commissioners appointed. On Death, Refusal, or Removal of Commissioners, new ones to be appointed.

No Commissioner to enjoy a Phce of Profit. Commissioners to defray their own Expences. Commissioners wno are Justices may act as such. Suits to be brought in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer.

Commissioners, to be reimbursed Law Expences. Commissioners from Time to Time to appoint and remove Officers; and may allow them Salaries. Commissioners impowered to take Security, and to call their Officers to Account. Officers not to take any Fees. Pier Wardens to be elected. Pier and all Lands and Other Property belonging to the same, and Pavements, vested in the Commissioners; who may " cause Actions to be brought, OV. and may let Lands. All Duties heretofore payable to cease."

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master or Owner of any Ship, Masters of Vef-IToy, or other Vessel liable to pay any of the Duties imposed by this Act, shall, before his Departure from fe!« liable to pay the said Pier, not only pay and discharge all such Rates and Sums of Money as shall be due for such Rates the Duties Hull

£2 and give Note of

J ibe Name* and

39©

ASodc of the Merchant* or others concerned.

Particular Duties directed.

Duties on Imports and Exports,

Duties to be paid according to the L’fual Freight, dec.

Aliens Goods to pay Alien Duties.

PrnaW on British Subjects covering Aliens Goods.

fMtt to pay accord -g to the t r; fits of their Earning!.

C. 45. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

and Duties, but also shall, if required by the Receiver or Collector of the said Duties, give a true Note in

Writing of the Names and Place or Places of Abode of the Merchants or others who shall lade or unlade, of cause to b* laden or unladen, any Goods, Wates, or Merchandizes within the said Pier or Harbour, or the Pay thereunto adjoining, or shall be the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize; and in case any fuc:i Mai ter or Owner lha.ll refuse to gi\e Inch Note, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds; and upon Notice bring given to the Collector of the Outturns at the Port of Sandwich, of such Refund, no such Ship or Vessel lhJl be permuted to clear out, fail, or be discharged, until such Note in Writing shall be given, and the Penalty for fjch Refusal thereof paid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Mailer of every Ship, Hoy, or other Vessel, who shall lade or unlade, take on board, or discharge within the said Harbour of Margate, or the Bay thereunto adjoining, any Corn, Grain, or Seeds, or a ry Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, or Passengers pairing or to pass from Port to Port within this Realm, being a Native of Great Britain, and an Inhabitant of any of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, or their Members, commonly denominated a Portsman, shall pay, for the Purposes of this Act in regard of his Freight, for every twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans, 'Pares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, so* laden or unladen there, Four-pence; and for every twenty Quartets of Malt or Oats, Two-pence; and every such Matter, being a Native of Great Britain, not inhabiting any of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, or their Members, but being an Inhabitant of any other Parc of Great Britain, commonly denominated a Shircmnn, shall pay for every twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans, 'Pares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, so laden or unladen there. Sixpence; and for every twenty Quartets of Malt or Oats, Three-pence; and after that Rate for a larger or Jess Quantity, which Duty is called Liftuge; and for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, and Passengers, so laden or unladen, taken on board, or discharged there, every such Matter Hull pay by the Pound Freight; that is to say, a Portsman Three-pence in the Pound, and a Shireman Four-pence in the Pound, upon the Freight of all such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Baggage, and Parcels, and upon the Fare of all such Passengers, which last mentioned Duty is called Poundage; and every such Matter, being an Alien, or Merchant Stranger, shall pay double the Rates of a Portsman.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Matter of every Ship, Hoy, or other Vessel, who shall lade or unlade, take on board, or discharge, within the said Harbour of Margate, or Bay thereunto adjoining, >ny Corn, Grain, or Seeds, or any Beer, or any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Baggage, Parcels, or Passengers coining from or to be transported or carried to any Parts beyond the Seas, ihait pay, in regard of his freight, for every twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Peas, Beans, Tares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, so laden or unladen there, coming from, or to be transported or carried to Parts beyond the Seas, if such Matter shall come within the Descriptiorr above specified of a Portsman, Six-pence; and if within the Description of a Shireman, Nine-pence; and for every twenty Quarters of Malt or Oats, a Portsman Three-pence, and a Shireman Four-pence Halfpenny; and every such Matter, being an Alien or Merchant Stranger, shall pay double the Rate of a Portsman; and for all such Beer, or other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and for all such Baggage, Parcels, and Passengers, so laden or unladen, taken on board or discharged there, coming from, or to be transported or carried to Parts beyond the Seas, every such Matter shall pay in regard of his Freight as aforesaid, for every twenty Shillings or Pound Freight, being a Portsman, Three-pence; a Shireman, Four-pence; and an Alien, Six pence; which Duties are also respectively called Liftage and Poundage.

XXI. And, to prevent Frauds,* it is hereby enacted, That all such Matters of Ships, Hoys, or other Vessels, shall be liable to the said Duties of Poundage and Laftage, according to the usual Freight of each Article, and according to the usual Fare of Passengers, whether they shall respectively charge such Freight or Fare, or not.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant, Brewer, or other Dealer, who shall lade or unlade, or cause to be laden or unladen, any Kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, into or out of any foreign Ship or Vessel, that is to say, a Ship or Vessel whereof the Owner or Owners is or are a Foreigner or Foreigners, the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize being for Account of and at the Ri/k of Foreigners, then, although the said Merchant, Brewer, or other Dealer, be a British Subject, yet nevertheless the same Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shall be liable to pay the Rates and Duties herein imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, laden or unladen.by an Alien or Merchant Stranger.

XXIII. And to prevent Frauds, it is hereby enacted, That no British Subject shall, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, take upon him to own or alfume, or pretend to have afllmied, the Risk of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which shall, in Fact, be laden or unladen for Account of, and at the Rifle of a Foreigner or Foreigners, with Intent to defraud the said Commissioners, or the Commissioners for the Time being, of the Rates and Durits herein imputed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, laden or unladen by an Alien or Merchant Stranger, as aforesaid, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be recovered, applied, and disposed of in the Manner herein after mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Fishing-boat belonging to the said Town or Harbour of Margate, or which shall harbour there for the most Part of the Year, or for the most Part of any particular Fishing Season, shall pay for every Mackarel, Herring, Cod, Trailing, Sprat, or other Fishing Season, Three-pence out of every twenty shillings, or Pound, of the net Profits of the Earnings of every such Season, whether such Profits shall arise from Fish caught, or from Fish bought, and then carried to any Market; such Payment to be made before any Division shall be made of such Profits amongst the Persons concerned in any such Boat respectively (by the Matter, who shall be examined upon Oath, in such Manner

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45. 391

as herein after is mentioned); and every Fishing-boat, not usually rigging or harbouring within the said Harbour, shall pay, during every Mackarel, Herring, Cod, Trailing, Sprat, or other Fishing Season, for every Time such Boat shall ground within the said Harbour, if not exceeding the Burthen of ten Tons, Sixpence; and if above that Burthen, one Shilling.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel which shall come into the said Harbour of Vessels coming Margate for Succour or Shelter, and not to lade or unlade, shall pay according to the Burthen of such Ship in Shelter to or Vessel; (that is to say,) If not exceeding ten Tons, Si* pence; if above ten, and not exceeding twenty ^irToan^V0 Tons, one Shilling; if above twenty, and not exceeding thirty Tons, one Shilling and Sixpence; if above cir oanage# thirty, and not exceeding forty Tons, two Shillings; if above forty, and not exceeding fifty Tons, two

Shillings and Sixpence; and if above fifty, and not exceeding sixty Tons, three Shillings and Sixpence; and so in Proportion for every additional ten Tons Burthen beyond sixty Tons, one Shilling in Addition.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Vessels belonging to the said Town or Harbour of Margate^ v«fl*<ls belong-wh:ch shall be trading abroad upon their own Adventure, or otherwise freighted, whether by any British ing to Margate, Subject, or by an Alien or Merchant Stranger, shall pay towards the PurposU of this Act the several Sums trading abroad, following; (that is to say,) For every Voyage from Port to Port within this Realm, every such Vessel being

of the Burthen of forty Tons or upwards, shall pay the Sum of two Shillings; and every such Vessel of leis VoJVge* Burthen, one Shilling and Four-pence; and for every Voyage beyond the Seas, that is to say, to the Netherlands, the Kail Country, or the Kingdom of France, every such Vessel of forty Tons Burthen or upwards shall pay five Shillings, and every smaller Vessel four Shillings; and for every Voyage to Spain, or farther to the Southward, every such Vessel, of whatsoever Burthen, shall pay ten Shillings.

XXVII. And, to the Intent that such of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, as are directed to be afeeruined by the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel, may be truly ascertained and paid,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in cale the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates and Duties, or such Collegers may other Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall nominate and ap- enter and ad-point, and the Mailer, or other Person having Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel charged with the meaorc W* said Rates or Duties, cannot otherwise agree about and adjust the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel; then and so often it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, from Time t > Time, and at all Times convenient and fealonable, to enter into such Ship or Vessel, and to admeasure the same according to the Directions of this Act; and if any Commander, or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners to admeasure any Ship or Vessel in pursuance of this Act, in order to ascertain the Duty hereby charged, such Commander or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, with Coffs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and when recovered, to go and be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Tons of every Ship or Vessel so to be admea- How the Dn»iei sured as aforesaid, shall be ascertained according to the Rules laid down by an Act passed in the eighth Year of fli.ll

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne^ intituled, An Act for making a convenient Dock or Bajon at be *6trained. Leverpoole, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Leverpoole.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Ship, Hoy, or other Vessel, which shall take of ship on V?fleU taking in

board any Ballad, within the said Harbour, or in the Bay thereunto adjoining, not having discharged its BjllaV%pay Cargo within the said Harbour or Bay, shall, for every Ton of such Ballad, pay Two-pence. a p;r Ton*

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons belonging to the said Town or Harbour of Margate, in Cafcof Sal-who shall take up any Ship or Vessel cad away, or out of its Course, or otherwise in Distress at Sea, or any vage.

Goods wrecked at Sea, or upon the Main, or any Anchor or Cable found at Sea, shall pay for each and "

every Boat or Vessel concerned in any such Service, one Half Share, whether such Ship or Vessel, Goods,

Anchor, or Cable, be brought into the Harbour of Margate, or the Bay thereunto adjoining, or not, the same to be paid by the MaAer or Owmer of every such Boat or Vessel, before any Division shall be made of the Earnings upon any such Occasion: And that all Persons not belonging to the said Town or Harbour of Margate, who shall take up any Ship or Vessel cad away, or out of its Course, or otherwise in Distress at Sea, or any Goods wrecked at Sea, or upon the Main, or any Anchor or Cable found at Sea-and shall bring the same either into the said Harbour of Margate, or the Bay thereunto adjoining, shall pay, for each and every Boat or Vessel concerned in any such Service, one Half Share, to be paid in like Manner by the Master or Owner of every such Boat or Vessel, before any Division shall be made of the Karnings upon any such Occasion: And the Mader, and every Owner or Part Owner of every such Boat or Vessel shall, severally and individually, be liable to the Payment of the Whole of every such Half Share, until the same shall be fully paid and discharged; and in case of Non-payment, the same shall be recoverable either by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so liable to pay, or of any of them, or by Action at Law, to be brought in any Court or Courts of Record, by or in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being: And for preventing any Fraud or Imposition in respect of the Amount of any such Half Share, the Mader or Owner who shall pay the same shall, at the same Time, deliver in to the said Commissioners for the Time being, or their Collector or Receiver, an Account in Writing, signed by the Party delivering the same, of the whole Sum received for every such Service, and of the real Number of Shares into which the same is divisible, and of such necessary Charges and Expences only as the Parties concerned in such Service shall have been at upon every such Occasion; and the Commissioners for the Time being, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and impowered, if they shall so think fit, to summon the Party delivering such Account to appear before them, and

392

Corn g-owr» rr' inv> ne 1 out < f. The i’ «i ’ *, n jt so Ur; I by a Purr fro an, to f Shire Du-ti s.

Other R^frs, with R-hrmce to the Table at the bnJ.

Com rnifn oners to fix like rc»-fnnah:e Ra'cs on /trades not specified in Table.

Merchant Stranger to pay treble the R :te of a Htrtf-mao exc-pt whe-e otherwise expieiT-d.

Conrmi(Ttorert rrav appoint P;aces fur the lan-iing I’f shipping of Goods.

Dn’y Of* C< *1% Coke, and Cinder.

C. 45. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

to examine him upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer) as to the Truth thereof; and if it shall be made appear to them that there is any Fraud, Concealment, or wilful Error therein, the Party offending shall be liable to the Payment of double the Sum endeavoured to be so' purloined (which Sum the said two Commissioners have hereby Power to ascertain); and the same shall be recoverable by the same Meins as the original Half Share.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Corn, Grain, or Seeds, which shall be grown or imbarned out of the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, two ancient Towns, or their Members, being not malted by a Portsman, which shall be shipped in the said Harbour or Bay adjoining, on board of any Ship or Vessel which shall belong to or harbour in the said Harbour of Mingate, shall pay Shire Duties; any Pretence whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Merchant or other Person whatsoever, who shall lade or unlade, or import or export any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, or other Article whatsoever, within the said Harbour of Margate, or the Bay thereunto adjoining, shall pay towards the Pumofes of this Act, over and above all other Rates and Duties to which the same are by virtue of this Act, or by any other Law liable, the several Rates and Duties mentioned in the Table or Schedule at the End of this Act:

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the Commissioners for the Time being, or any five or more of them, to ascertain and fix such reasonable Rates and Duties, to be paid upon the lading or unlading, importing or exporting, of any Article or Commodity not specified or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule hereunto annexed, in Proportion to the several Rates and Duties therein specified, as they shall think fit;‘which Rates and Duties, when so fixed and ascertained by the said Commissioners-, or the Commissioners for the Time being, shall be considered, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been especially enumerated in this Act, or in the said 'Fable or Schedule hereunto annexed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Articles, and Commodities, whether specified by Name in the said enumerated Lift or Schedule, or hereafter to be added thereto, by virtue of the Power given to the Commissioners for that Purpose, every Alien or Merchant Stranger shall nay treble the Sum therein charged to be paid by a Portsman for the same Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Articles, and Commodities, except only for such Articles or Things wherein it is or shall be expressly laid down what Sum an Aiion or Merchant Stranger shall pay.

XXXV. And whereas it will be very convenient, for the better levying of the several Rates and Duties hereby imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Things imported into the said Harbour or Towm of Margate, and Parish of Saint John the Baptist, that the same shall only be landed or shipped at such Place or Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose;’ be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to direct and appoint, under their Hands and Seals, such particular Place or Places as they from Time to Time fap; 11 think fit, for the landing or shipping of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Things which shall be brought into the said Harbour, or Town, or Parish, out of or into any Ship, Vessel, or Boat lying within the said Harbour or Bay o{Margate\ which Place or Places, for the landing or shipping of Goods, shall be marked cut by (bme proper Mark or Marks, or painted Board or Roads, to be nxed up for that Purpose: And if, after such Place or Places shall have been so appointed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and such Mark or Marks, or painted Board or Boards, fixed up as aforesaid, any Person or Persons shall land or ship any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Things, except at the Place or Places (o to be appointed for that Purpose, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXXVI. And, for increasing the said Fund, and towards making the same sufficient to answer the Pur- polls of this Act,’ be it further enacted, That, in Addition to the several Duties and Impositions hereinbefore mentioned, to be laid and imposed in lieu of the old Pier Droits, there shall be paid for all Sorts of Coal, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, which, from and after the passing of this Act, (had be imported or brought into, landed, or delivered within, or carried through the said Town of Margate, or any other Part of the said Parish of Saint John the Baptist, or the said Harbour, or Bay adjoining, determined by way of Imposition thereon, over and above all other Impositions and Duties due and payable for Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, by virtue of this Act, or of any other Law or Statute now in force, according to the Rates herein after mentioned; (that is to say,)

- For such Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or "Cinders, as are or shall or may be usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels Winchester Measure, the Sum of one Shilling; and (bin Proportion for any less Quantity than a Chaldron:

And for nU such Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, as are or shall be usually sold by the Ton, for every Ton thereof, containing twenty Hundred Weight, the like Sum of one Shilling; and so in Proportion for any Icis Quantity Sian a Ton,

Which several Rates, Duties, or Impositions, respectively, shall, from Time to Time, be paid to the said Comm; dinners and their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint, as their Deputy Receiver or Receivers, to collect and receive the same: And they the said Commissioners, and men Succc.tlrs, and such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint, as aforesaid, are hereby audio* lid and impowered to demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from the Masters and Owners, Maftc For Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Hoy, Boat, or other Vessel, bringing in or laden with any of the Articles liable to piy any of the Duties or Impositions

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 45.

hereby laid and imposed, or which Ship or Vessel shall be liable to any such Imposition; and also of and from all and every Person and Persons bringing, or causing to be brought within or through the said Town of Margate, or other Part of the said Parish of Saint John the Bapti/I, any Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, by Land Carriage, upon which no Duty shall have been paid by virtue of this Act, the said Sum of one Shilling for each and every Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder; and so in Proportion for a greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron or Ton.

XXXVII. ‘And, for more effectually securing the Payment of the said Duties,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Collector, Customer, Comptroller, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever, of or concerning his Majesty's Customs at the said Port of Sandwich, shall hereafter give or make out any Cocquet or other Discharge, or take any Report outwards for any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, or in the said Port of Sandwich, or the Limits thereof, until the Duties hereby made payable by the Matter or other Person according to the Tenor and true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be paid unto the Collector or other Person, appointed to receive the same as. aforesaid; and that the Matter or Matters, or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, do produce and shew an Acquittance under the Hand of such Collector or Receiver, or his Deputy, testifying the Receipt thereof; which Receipt such Collector, Receiver, or Deputy, is hereby obliged to give upon being required so to do, without Fee or Reward, or otherwise to forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same; and that every Collector, Customer, Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, making Default in any of the Premises enjoined them by this Act, Gull forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Commissioners for executing this Act; both which Sums shall he recoverable, together with Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and the f.fj Penalty of twenty Pounds, so made payable to the Commissioners, shall go to, and be applied to toe Purposes of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or any other Person or Persons authorised and deputed by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to go on board any Ship or other Vessel, to demand, collect, and receive the said Dudes and Rates by this Act due and payable, and for Nonpayment thereof to take and, distn.in every such Ship or Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the same to detain and keep until he or they be satisfied and paid the said Rates and Duties; and in cile of any Neglect or Delay in the Payment of any of the Lid Duties and Rates for live Days after any Dittrds or Distressess so taken as aforesaid, then ;t shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector and Collectors, Receiver and Receivers of the said Duties and Rates to cause such Distress or Distressess to be appraised by two or more sufficient Persons to be nominated by the said Commissioners, and afterwards to tell the said Distress or Distressess so taken and appraised, and thereout to satisfy hint or themselves, as well (or and concerning the Duty so neglected or delayed to be paid, and for which a Distress shall be so taken as aforesaid, as also for his or their reasonable Charges in the taking and keeping of such Distress, rendering to the Matter, or other Person having the Rule or Command of the Ship or Vessel, in or from which such Distress shall be so taken, the Overplus, if any there shall be, on Demand.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master, Commander, Owner, or Part Owner of any Ship or other Vessel shall, at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, elude or avoid the Payment of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, by any Method whatsoever, such 1YIafter, Commander, Owner, or Part Owner of such Ship or Vessel, shall (land charged with, and be liable to the Payment of the same; and the same shall be recovered, together with double Costs of Suit, from such Master, Commander, Owner, or Part Owner, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in the Name of the Clerk or Treasurer of the Commissioners for the time being, by Action of Debr, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, or in a luminary Way before a justice of the Peace, in the Manner herein after directed.

393

No Person shall make out a Coc« quit (ill the LJutj paid.

OfH'er* impowered to tmlrai:*.

Persons eluding P*rvmen* to con« limit chargeable.

After defraying the Expences of the Act, Money already borrowed to be paid in the first Place; and then the Monies raised by this Act to be applied towards building and keeping in Repair the Pier, and the other Purposes of the Act, Commissioners to examine Persons liable to pay the Duties; and direct the mooring or ballasti. g of Vessels, and prevent Annoyances; and may remove Encroachments or Obstruc-w tions. No Vessel to be moored in the Harbour as a Storehouse. Commissioners may farm out the Pier 14 Duties, giving twenty-one Days previous Notice- Commissioners impowered to maintain Lamps. Per- Tons accidentally damaging Lamps to make good the Damage. Watchmen to be appointed. Pavement not to be altered without the Consent of the Commissioners. Annoyances not to be made. Spouts, Steps,

and other Projections, to be removed. Houses to be numbered. Houses not to be brought beyond the Line of the Stieet. Sewers to be made. Persons molesting Commissioners or their Officers, to forfeit 41 twenty Shillings for the first Offence, forty Shillings for the second, and three Pounds for every fubie- quest Offence. Commissioners may hire Places to deposit Materials, &c. Footpaths to be cleaned.

No Person to carry away Soil but Persons appointed. Watchmen to apprehend Malefactors, Use* Rates of Porters, Cha rmen, Carters, and Carmen, to be settled by the Commissioners. Nothing in this Act to. repeal the General Highway Act. Surveyors of the Highways to account to the Commissioners. Commissioners may borrow Money; which may be raised by Annuities. The whole Money not to exceed 44 14,000l. exclusive of the Money already due. Annuities not liable to Taxes. Fund of the Commissioners not rateable to the Poor. Commissioners ta provide Books for keeping Accounts; and to produce them M yearly to the Inhabitants at large. Surveyors impowered to dig for Gravel. When the 14,000l. borrowed

394

C. 45. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

lt upon the Credit of the Funds shall be reduced to 5,000l. Duty on Coals to be reduced. On Complaint of Defect in Pavements, Contractor or Paviour to repair it. Commissioners may erect a Room for the Transaction of the publick Business of the Town. Commissioners may compound for Penalties or For- fei cures j may reward Informers. Immunities of the Inhabitants of Tar mouth reserved."

The TABLE or SCHEDULE of Rates and Duties referred to in and by

this Act.

FOR every Quarter of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Beans, Peas, Tares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, the Property of a Portsman - o

For every twenty Quarters of Malt and Oats, and so in Proportion, the Property of a Portsman - - 1

For every Quarter of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Beans, Peas, Tares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, the Property of a Shire-man - o

For every twenty Quarters of Malt and Oats, and so in Proportion, the Property of a Shireman - - 2

For every Quarter of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Beans, Peas, Tares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination, the Property of an Alien,

or Merchant Stranger - o

For every twenty Quarters of Malt and Oats, and so in Proportion, the Pro[>erty of an Alien or Merchant Stranger 4

For every Barrel of Beer, the Property of a Britisih Subject - - o

For every other Barrel, wet or dry, the Property of a British Subject - o For every Barrel of Beer, the Property of an Alien, or Merchant Stranger - o For every other Barrel, wet or dry, the Property of an Alien, or Merchant Stranger - - - o

For every Barrel of Ale, the Property of a British Subject - - o

For every Half Barrel of Ditto—Ditto o

For every Firkin, wet or dry o

For every Ton of Wine, or Sweet Oil 1

For every Pipe, dry or wet - o

For every Puncheon - - o

For every Hogshead, dry - - o

For every Hogshead, wet - - o

For every great dry Fat - - o

For every small dry Fat - - o

For every Bale, great - o

Ditto, small - o

For every Pack of Wool, Yarn, or Cotton, containing two hundred and forty Pounds Weight - o

For every larger or smaller Package in the same Proportion.

For every Barrel of Train or Fish Oil o

For every small Frail, Maund, or Basket o

For every great Maund or Basket - o

For every Piece of Ordnance, Brass, per Hundred Weight - - o

And Iron, per Hundred Weight - o For every Anchor, per Hundred Weight o

d.

1

o

2

o

4

o

2

2

4

4

4

2

4

8

6

4

3

4 2

8

2

1

2

1

1

1

For every Hundred Weight of Copper and Brass, unwrought And wrought For every Hundred Weight of Lead For every Chaldron or Ton, as usually fold, of Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke, or Cinder, the Property of a Portsman Ditto—ditto of a Shireman For every Ton of Salt

Tor every one hundred of Cod, called sized Fish -

And the smaller Sort For every Load of Lime of eighteen Bushels For every one hundred of Deal Boards For every one thousand of Barrel Boards, or Staves -

For every one hundred of Clove Boards, or Battens.

For every one hundred of Spars, great And the small For every small Cask For every great Cask For every small Trunk, Chest, or Box For every great Trunk, Chest, or Box For every Frufs, great Small

For every Fardel, or small Parcel For every Pocket of Hops For every Bag of Hops For every one thousand of Bricks For every one thousand of Plain Tiles For every one thousand of Top, Gutter, or Pan Tiles

For every one thousand of paving or mathematical Tiles, -

For every one thousand of paving Stones, large -

Small -

F or every Ton of Portland, Pur beck, or other Stone - - - '

For every Ton of Marble For every Grind (tone

For every common Cart Load of Bolder Flint Stones For every common Cart Load of Chalk Stones, rough or hewn For every Hundred Weight of Cheese For every Sack of three Bushels of Potatoes, Apples, or Pears,

For every Barrel of Red Herrings For every one hundred of Cabbages For every Cord of Wood For every one hundred of Faggots For every Ton of Oak, Elm, or other Timber - For every Mad, great Small

For every Hundred Weight of Iron

s. d.

o

o

o

2

3

t

o 2

0 3

1 o

o 6 o 3

0 1

1 o

I o

I o I o o 6 0 2

o 4 O I

o 2 O 4 O 2 O I o 4 o 6 o 4 0 4

o 10 o 10

4

0 8

© 8

1 o o 1

o 2

O 2 O 2

O Or O I O 2

O 4 ° 4

0 6

1 o o 6 o 1

For

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. 'C. 45 - 51.

d.

For every Bundle of Nail Rods, per Hundred Weight - - 01

For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar r- 02

For every Hundred Weight of Hemp - o 1 For every Bolt of Canvas, large - o 2 Small - 01

For every Load of Oak or Elm Boards 1 o

For every one thousand of Cleft Pale - 010

For every Load of Pods and Rails - 06

For every Load of Hoops - -06

For every Load of Laths^ - -06

For every Miliftone, great - 1 o

And the small - -06

For every Tomb Stone - - 16

For every Ditto, Marble - 26

For every Cor pfe - - 50

For every Ton of Kelp - - 1 o

For every Horse - - 16

For every four-wheeled Carriage - 26

For every two-wheeled Carriage - 16

For every Sedan Chair - - 10

CAP.

s. d.

For every Sack of five Bushels of Flour o 1

For every Sack of Bran of eight Bushels o 1

For every Ton of Brill - - 10

For every Load of Hay of thirty-six Trusses 1 6

For every Load of Straw - 10

For every Bushel of Onions - 01

For every Bushel of Oysters - 01

For every Firkin, or smaller Barrel of Oyfilers - 01

For every Hide, raw or tanned - 02

For every Dozen of Goat, Calf, Sheep, or ‘LambSkins - 02

For every Hundred Weight of wrought Pewter - 03

And old - 02

For every Hawk - 02

For every Dog - 02

For every Fox - 02

For Hares, Pheasants, and all other Game per Head - 01

---

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for continuing the Term of two Acts made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second, and the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Aberbrothock, and Liberties thereof

[Further continued for twenty-one Years.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to enable the East India Company to continue their Warehouses already built, and to build new Warehouses, exceeding certain Dimensions, freed and discharged from the Regulations and Directions contained in an Act made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls; and for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places, within the weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary le Bon, Paddington, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint James in the City and County of Bristol, and County of Gloucester, and for building a Church, and providing a Coemetery or Church Yard, and Parsonage House, within the new Parish.

CAP. L.

An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

CAP. LI.

An Act for for making a Road from Saint Bernard's Street, in the Town of Leith, to the Foot of Leith Walk, in the County of Edinburgh; and for widening and enlarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the same; and for amending two several Acts passed, relative to the said City, in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of his present Majesty's Reign.

396 C. 52 - 61. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. A.D. 1787.

CAP. LII.

An Act for better lighting and watching the Village of Camberwell in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads and other Places adjoining or near thereto.

CAP. LIII.

An Act for better draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to render effectual the Purchase of a House, situate in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to be used as an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; and for other Purposes.

CAP. LV.

An Act for altering and extending the Line of the Cut or Canal authorised to be made and maintained by so much of several Acts made in the eighth, eleventh, thirteenth, and twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as authorises the making and maintaining a navigable Cue or Canal from the Frith or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Frith or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; for deepening the said Cut or Canal; and for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for enabling the Magistrates and Town Council of Paisley to improve the Navigation of the River Cart, and to make a navigable Cut or Canal across the Turnpike Road leading from Glasgow to Greenock.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for continuing and amending several Acts made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the First, the tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the said Town, and for building a Church and making a Harbour there; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other publick Places, within the said Town, and widening the Streets, where necessary, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein.

[The Duties further continued for twenty~one Years.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for vesting the Scite, Buildings, and other the Premises, belonging to the old Gaol or Prison of the County of Sussex in Trustees, for the Purpose of conveying the same to the Right Honourable Frances Viscountess Irwin, and her Heirs; and to declare the new Gaol or Prison lately built to be the Common Gaol for the said County.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for making and declaring the Gaol for the County of Devon, called the High Gaol, a Publick and Common Goal; and for discharging Denys Rolle and John Rolle Esquires, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, from the Office of Keeper of the said Gaol; and for improving and enlarging the same, or building a new one; and also for taking down the Chapel in the Castle of Exeter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LX.

An Act for building a new Gaol, and providing a proper Prison for Debtors, and House of Correction for the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, Franchises, and other Places, within the County of Stafford; and for regulating the same respectively.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for taking down the Guild Hall or Town Hall in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and rebuilding the same.

A.D. 1787. Anno vicesimo septimo Georgii III. c. 62 — 67. 397

CAP. LXII.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Chapel of Hanley, in the County of Stafford; for vesting the Right of Nomination in Trustees, and for enlarging the Chapel Yard; and other Purposes.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for rebuilding the Church of the Parish of Saint Mary Wanstede alias Wanstead, in the County of Essex.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Common, in the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for confirming a Charter or Letters Patent granted by his Majesty to the Royal College and Corporation of Surgeons of the City of Edinburgh, so far as relates to a Scheme for raising a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Members of the said Corporation, and of their Clerk, with certain Alterations; and for establishing the said Scheme, and impowering the Corporation, and the Trustees and Officers elected for managing the Fund, effectually to carry the said Scheme into Execution.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Low Lands and Common Fens, within the Hamlet of Martin, in the Parish of Timberland, and within the Parish of Blankney, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and preserving the Low Lands and Fens within the said Hamlet of Martin, and Parish of Blankney, and within the Hamlet of Linwood, in the said Parish of Blankney.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the better repairing, paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, of and in the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and in the several Parishes of Saint Peter the Apostle, Saint Mary the Virgin, and Saint Clement, in the said Town, Port, and County; and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, in the said Highways, Streets, and Lanes, and on the common Quay belonging to the said Town and Port, and in the Haven adjoining to the said Quay, and the Bridge built over the said Haven; and for regulating the Births and Mooring-places of Vessels at the said Quay, and the proper Times for Vessels to pass through the said Bridge.

THE

STATUTES at Large,

---

if*

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo octavo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini 4 A one defend seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our X A. Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the twenty-seventh Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven \ being the fifth Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britainf

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight. [ 4 s% ]

CAP. III.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. IV.

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[ Geo

intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof\ and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publish Revenue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Goods* Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the 1 National Debt; certain Duties were imposed on British Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom: And whereas, at the Time of making the said Act, the said Duties, together with certain Duties by a certain Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Lime, the several Duties payable *6 Geo. j. c. 64, 4 in Scotland upon Low frines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there u)ed in the Dif- filiation of Spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; imposed upon the Capacity or Content of certain Stills mentioned in that Act, were deemed equivalent to the Duties by the said Act made iivthe twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, imposed on Wort, Wash, and other Liquor, in the last recited Act mentioned, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption: And whereas it is found by Experience that the said Duties are not equivalent, and that it is expedient to impose an additional Duty on British Spirits manu- factored in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom, on or before 28 Geo. III. 3 G 4 the

400 C. 4, 5. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

From pafiirtg < the fifth Day of Jiily one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight be it therefore enacted by the King’s

Tul* Aa *0® most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ani

an additional* Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall he

Duty of 6d. raised, levied, collected, and-paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every

to be pa:d for Gallon of British Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall !VFI7_G?lion of be manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom, from and after the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, and on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, an additional Duty of Sixpence; and for every Gallon of all such Spirits of a greater Strength than one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding three per Centum over and above one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, six Pence; and also a further Duty proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof.

llrit'fh Sp rits citlilled in Scotland and brought into any other Fatt of ihtUnit-cd Kingdom, of

Hydrometer I

ten over Hydrometer Proof; and for every Gall in of a greater Strength, and not eiccftding 3 per Cent. over and above that Strength, 6 d. $ and a faith# Duty is Preportion to its greater Strength.

Additional Dirties to be paid by the Importer before Landing, &c.

Spirits actually flipped and cleared at the Fort of Exportation before Feb. I, 1788, sot to be liable

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said additional Duties by this Act imposed, and also all other Duties now payable by Law for or in respect of British Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom, shall be paid by the Importer thereof before the Landing thereof, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied in the same Manner, and under such Management, and with such Powers for recovering the same, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods as the said other Duties on such Spirits are now raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, under the Direction of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the several Clauses, Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in such Act or Acts relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Spirits which shall have been actually shipped for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and which shall have been cleared outwards at the Custon*-house of the Port where the same shall have been lb shipped on or before the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall and may be landed in any other Part of the United Kingdom, without being subject to the Payment of the additional Duty imposed by this Act; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ao the additional Duty.

Additional Duty may It charged cn Spirit* contradtrd for previous to the passing this Act, and not deferable till

IV. And whereas (landing Contracts may have been made before the passing of this Act, by the Im- porters or Proprietors of Spirits, for serving Persons with such Spirits to be delivered in point of Time after the passing of this Act ;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Day on which this Act shall receive his Majesty's Royal Assent, the Importers or Proprietors of such Spirits, which shall be delivered after the said Day in pursuance of such Contrafts, shall be allowed to add the Dudes ’ hereby charged upon such Spirits, and shall be intitled, by virtue of this Act, to be paid the same accordingly: Provided nevertheless, That the Parties who have contracted to receive such Spirits, shall have the Liberty to annul and cancel the Bargains they have entered into, in case they chule so to do, rather than pay the said Addition of Duties.

after that Period $ but the Parties contracting to receive them may annul their Bargains.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United Sutes of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty*

[23 Geo. 3. c. 39.]

(intituled, An Act for preventing certain Instruments from being required from Ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the said United States); which said Act has been continued, by several subsequent Acts, until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-fourth 94Cco.3-c. 45. 4 Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to extend the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, "for giving his Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the United States of America," to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned); the Powers given by the said recited Act were extended to the Trade and Intercourse between this Kingdom and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to Iron, Hemp, and Sail-cloth, and other Articles of the Produce of any Place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this Kingdom; which said Mast mentioned Act has also, by several subsequent Acts, been continued until the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act of the twenty.

third

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 5, 6. 401

c third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the same extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America\

and also that the said Act of the t.venty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, should be further continued :*

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-third Geo. Year of his present Majesty's Reign, so far only as the lame extends to the Trade and Commerce carried on f0 far as ?cl/ta» between this Kingdom and the People and Territories belonging to the United States of America; and that to the Com-the said Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and all the Matters and Things merce betwe-u therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and bunked eighty-nine. State o» me.

rica, and 24 Geo. 3. c. 49. to continue in force till April 5, 1789.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Iron, Hemp, Sail-cloth, or other Articles of the Produce of Articles from any Place bordering on the Baltic* which may be lawfully exported from this Kingdom, shall be exported »y P»ce bor. from hence in any other Manner than such as is or shall be allowed by any Law now in force, or which ^hich

shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Council; or if any Goods or Commodities what- may t,c exported ever shall be imported from any of the Territories of the United States of America, into any of the Ports of from this King-this Kingdom, other than such as by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by virtue export-

of this present Act, or by Order of his Majesty in Council, now are, or hereafter shall be, permitted to be imported; or if any Goods or Commodities shall be imported from the Territories of the said United States ff0in

of America into any of the Ports of this Kingdom, in any other Manner whatever than such as is or shall be the United allowed by any Law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by Order of his Majesty in Coun- States of Ame-cil; the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods or Commodities shall ,ica* ?nd n°c respectively be exported or imported, and all the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel be- Jfo

longing thereto. c od» imposed

from these States contrary to Law, to be forfeited.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Forfeiture incurred by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in fych and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Lawrcfpefting the Revenue of Customs may now be sued for, pro-(ecuted, and recovered in the Places where respectively the Offence shall be committed; and that the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like Manner, in the said Places respectively; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and no longer.

CAP. VI.

An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies.

WHEREAS the Regulations made by his Majesty's several Orders in Council, for carrying on the Commerce between his Majesty's Subjects in North America, and in the West Indies, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, in pursuance of the Powers vested in his Majesty for that Purpose by several Acts of Parliament, have by Experience been found to be beneficial^ And whereas it is now proper that the said Regulations should be established and made permanent be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported or brought from any of the Territories belonging to the said United States of America, into any of his Majesty's West India Islands (in which Description the Bahama islands, and the Bermuda or Somers Islands, are includedj, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and also of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, except Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Marts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading-boards, Timber, Shingles, and Lumber of any Sort; Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, and Live Stock of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, and Grain of any Sort; such Commodities respectively being the Growth or Production of any of the Territories of the said United States of America.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Goods or Commodities herein before excepted, enumerated, and described, shall be imported or brought into any of the said Blands from the Territories of the said United States, under the like Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and also of the Ship or Vessel in which the ferae shall be so imported or brought, together with all her Guns, Furniture,

How Forfeitures are »o be recovered and applied.

to continue in force till April 5, 1789.

Preamble.

If any Goods, except the Ar. titles herein specified, shall be brought isoak the United States of America into the West India Islands, they are forfeited, with the Vessel, &c.

Such Articles as are permitted to be iirported mofl be brought by British Subjects in British

by

4-02 C. 6. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, except by British Subjects, and in British-built Ships, owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful to export from any of the West /W/^Islands to any Port or Place within the Territories belonging to the said United States, any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, which are not now by Law prohibited to be exported from the said Islands to any foreign Country or Place in Europe \ and also Sugar, Melatfcs, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Ginger, and Pimento: And that all Cocoa Nuts or Ginger which shall be so exported, shall be subject and liable to the same Duties to which the; t'an^e are now severally subject and liable if exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America;, and th*t#thfc laid Duties shall be raised^ levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, in the same Manner as the Ditties on Cocoa Nuts or Ginger exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America are Severally raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied: Provided always, That no Sugar, Melasses^ Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Ginger, or Pimentp, nor any Other Artists Orf. Commodities whatsoever (except Salt from tire Islands called Turk's Islandt^ being Part of the Bd/Jamd* * Islands), shall be so exported, except by British Subjects, and in Z?r/7//ft-built Ships, owii^d.by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the like Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and also of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so exported, together with her Guns, Furniture^ Ammunitionj Tackle, and Apparel.

Where Bonds are required on Exportation of Goods to a British Colony in America, ike Bonds to be given on their Exportation to the United States.

How such Bondi Bull be discharged.

Vessel coming in Ballast from the Unite^ States, may be Jaden at Turk* Iftandf, with Salt.

Master of such Vessel, on its Arrival, to make Entry thereof; and to answer uprn Oath such Questi* ns as lh4l be demanded of him, on Penalty of icol.

Collector authorised to administer Oaths.

A Doty of 21.

6 d. to be paid for every Ton Burthen of Vessels of the United States coming to Turk* Islands. How the Tonnage is to be afeeruined.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Case where, on Exportation of any Goods or Commodities to any British Colony or Plantation in America, a Bond is now or may be hereafter required by Law for the due landing of such Goods or Commodities in such Colony or Plantation, and a Certificate is required to discharge such Bond, a similar Bond shall be required, on Exportation of such Goods or Commodities to the Territories of the United States, for the due landing the same in the said Territories; and such Bond shall and may be discharged, upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul or Vice Consul, provided any such Consul or Vice Consul shall bfc*resident at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed; or in case there shall not be any such Consul or Vicft Consul so te-fident, then under the Hand and Seal bf any Officer or Officers who are or may be appointed by the said United States, or any of them, for the Purpose of granting such Certificate; and if it shall happen that there shall not be any Officer so appointed, then and in such Case, such Bond shall and may be discharged, upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of any Magistrate of the said United St3te$, or any of them, certifying that there is no such Officer at the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed, and that Oath hath been made before such Magistrate by the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, that the Goods for which such Certificate is required were duly landed by him at such Port or Place within the Territories belonging to the said United States.

V. And whereas it is expedient to give due Encouragement to the making of Sa^t in the said Islands called Turk's Islands; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of the said United States of America coming in Ballast, and not otherwise, to enter the Ports of the said Islands, called Turk's Islands, for the Purpose of being the re laden with Salt, and for no other Purpose whatever; under and subject to the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions herein after mentioned; any Thing in this Act, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into any Port of the said Islands, make a just and true Entry, upon Oath, before the Collector, or other principal Officer, of such Port, of his Ship or Vessel, declaring of what Country (he is built, how manned, who was the Master during the Voyage, and who are the Owners thereof, and the Purpose for which he enters the said Port, in order that such Ship or Vessel may undergo the Search and Examination of the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and such Master, or other Person taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall truly answer upon Oath to such Questions touching and concerning the same, ?: shall be demanded of him by such Collector or other principal Officer, upon Pain, for any Default therein, that such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and the Collector, or other principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs at such Port, is hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oaths herein-before required to be taken.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, a Tonnage Duty at and after the Rate of two Shillings and six Pence Sterling, payable in Dollars at the Rate of five Shillings and six Pence per Ounce, for each and every Ton Burthen of every Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of the said United States of America, so coming to the said Islands called Turk's Islands; and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, made by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them; which said Officer or Officers so appointed as aforesaid shall admeasure such Ship or Vessel according to the following Method; videlicet, Drop a Plumb Line over the Stern of the Ship, and measure the Distance between such Line and the After-part of the Stern-post at the Load Water Mark; then measure from the Top of the said Plumb Line, in a parallel Direction with the Water, to a perpendicular Point immediately over the Load Water Mark at the Fore-part of the Main Stem; fub-traciing from such Measurement the above Distance, the Remainder will be the Ship’s extreme Length, from which is to be deducted three Inches for every Foot of the Load Draught of Water for the Rake

abaft.

’ by

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6. 403

abaft, and also three Fifths of the Ship’s Breadth for the Rake forward, the Remainder shall be eftcetned the just Length of the Keel, to find the Tonnage; and the Breadth shall be taken from Outlidc to Outside of the Plank, in the broadtft Part of the Ship, either above or below the Main Wales, exclusive of all Manner of Sheathing or Doubling that may be wrought upon the Side of the Snip; then multiply the Length of the Keel for Tonnage by the Breadth so taken, and that Product by Half the Breadth, and dividing by ninety-four, the Quotient shall be deemed the true Contents of the Tonnage.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority a fore fa’.d. That the full and true Amount of the said Tonnage Duty, so ascertained as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of his Majesty's Customs in the said Islands respectively, at the Port or Place w herein he shall be appointed to reside in any of the said Islands, before any Salt shall be loaden or laid on board of such Ship or Vessel; and such Duty shall be under the Management of the said Com nilaoners of his Majesty's Customs, and be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recove:ed, in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods reflectively, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any other Duties now payable to his Majesty on Goods imported into a.iy'of the said Islands, Plantations, Colonies, or Territories belonging to, or under the Dominion of his Majesty in America or the West Indies, are or may be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purpol'es, as if the several Clauds, Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enabled in the Body of this present Act; and such Duty shall, under such Management, be subject to the Payment of the Salaries of the Officers and other incidental Charges of the Port, and the Residue be paid to the Receiver-general of the Customs in England for the Time being, to be paid by him into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, under the Head of Consolidated Customs.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be exported from the said Islands called Turk's Islands, to any Pan: of his Majesty's Dominions in America or the West Indies, or shall be loaden or laid on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Islands called Turk's I/iands, for that Purpose, except Salt; and that no Goods or Commodities whatsoever shall be exported from the said Islands called Turk's Islands, to Great Britain or Ireland, or shall be loaden or laid 0:1 board any Ship or Vessel in the said Islands for that Purpose, except Salt, and also except such Goods and Commodities as may now, or may hereafter be by Law imported into this Kingdom from all other Countries whatsoever, free of all Duties, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Goods or Commodities as shall be so exported, loaden, or laid on board, and of the Ship or Veiled in or on board of which the same shall be so exported, loaden, or laid on board, and of all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

Tonnage Duty to b- p.ifi before any bait is put on b ard any Vefl-ls, and to be under the Management of t he Com 0-i loners of 'ht C uf— loins, &c.

No Gog<3% tept Salt, to be exported from TurkV issinda to his

Domini »ns ir* America or ti.c

Wtft indies and no Goods to be exported from those Islands to Great Britain or Ireland, except Salt, and such

Article! as may by Law be imported from all Countries Duty-free, on Penalty of Forfeiture*

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boats, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, shall be imported or brought into any island under the Dominion of his Majesty, in the West ladies (in which Description the Bahama Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included), from any Island in the West Indies under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; any Law', Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, in case of publick Emergency or Distress, for any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being, of any of the said Islands in the West Indies, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorise the Importation of Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, for a limited Time, from any Island in the West Indies, under the Dominion of any foreign European Sovereign or State, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said islands: And provided always, That such Goods and Commodities, so authorised to be imported, shall not be imported, except by British Subjects, and in British-buWt Ships, owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture above mentioned.

British Sulj'fts

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories belonging to the said United States, into the Provinces of Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, or the Islands of Cape Breton, Saint John's, or Newfoundland, or into any Country or Island within their respective Governments, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel importing the lame, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

XIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, in case of publick Emergency or Distress* for any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being, of the Provinces of Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, or of the Islands of Cape Breton, or Saint John's, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorise the Importation of Scantling, Planks, Staves, Heading Boards, Shingles, Hoops, or squared Timber of any Sort; Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs,

Tobacco, &c. import d Into any British from any foreign Weftl ndia ’fbnd to be forfeited, with the Vdid. Sec,

In Cases of Emergency the Governors of the British West Irdia Island*, with Consent of their Council, may authorise the Importation of Pi ch.

Sic. from foreign islandi, iF imported by in British Ships*

Gocda imported from the United States in o Nova Scotia, &c. to be forfeited with the Vessels, &c.

In case of Emergency the Covern- rs of Nova Scotia,&c* with the Con-lent of their Ccuncil, may

'4°4

authorise the Importation of Scan'linp, Sc:, from the United States, if imported by Bii 1 fh Subject in British Ships, His Majesty in Council may authorise the Governor of Newfoundland to permit the Importation of Bread, Arc. from the United States, &c.

No Goods to be imported from the UnucdSiates t>y Sea into the Province of Quebec, See,

This Act not to repeal *7 Geo. J. c. 27.

fijrwhotnGoodf, See, forfeited may be feited.

flow Forfeituret may be recovered and ap-fiied.

Act to commence from April 4, 1788.

[Preamble.]

l5 Geo. a. c. ao.

C. 6, 7. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Poultry; or Live Stock of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, for a limited Time, from any of the Territories belonging to the Lid United States, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Provinces, Islands, or Countries respectively: And provided always, That such Goods and Commodities so authorised to be imported shall not be imported, except by British Subjects, and in Britt so- built Ships, owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the F orfeiture above mentioned: Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders, to be issued and published from Time to Time, to authorise, or by Warrant or Warrants under his Sign Manual, to impower the Governoi of Newfoundland for the Time being to authorise, in case of Necessity, the Importation into Newfoundland of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the Lid United States, for the Supply of the Inhabitants and Fishermen of the Island of Newfoundland, for the then ensuing Season only: And provided always, That such Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, so authorised to be imported into the Island of Ne wfoundland, shall not be inverted, except in Conformity to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as shall be specified in such Order or Orders, Warrant or Warrants respectively, and except by British Subjects, and in British-bu\\t Ships, owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture above mentioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, by Sea, or Coastwise, into the Province of Quebec, or into the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof, or up the River Saint Lawrence from the Sea, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel importing the same, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament (intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island ^Jamaica; in the Port of Saint George, in the Island of Grenada; in the Port of Roseau, in the island of Domvrixca, ia?td in the Port rf Nassau, in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands \ under certain Regulations and Re-ftrill ions); but that the same, and every Provision thereof, shall continue and remain to be in force, and of the same Effect, as if this Act had never been made.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodities, and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, mail and may be seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any commissioned, warrant, or petty Officer, specially authorised by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Custoras; and that every Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may respectively be filed for, prosecuted, and recovered, in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of the Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions in North America, or the West Indies, respectively, as the Case may happen to be.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and be in force from and after the fourth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver ‘Thread.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace; and forfcttling

and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread/, it is (among!! other Things) enacted, That, from and after the first Day of fuly one thousand seven hundred and forty-two, all Copper, Brass, and every other Metal inferior to Silver, shall be spun upon Thread, Yarn, or Inkle only, and not spun, mixed, wove, wrought, or let upon Silk, upon Pain that each and every Person offending therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for each and every Ounce so spun, mixed, wove, wrought, or set upon Silk: And whereas, notwithstanding the said recited Act, great Frauds have been committed by Copper or other base Metal being wovery>r mixed with Silk*

and worked up in Imitation of Gold Lace; and it hath also been a Practice for Persons to gild and silver Copper, Brass, or other base Metal, and to spin or weave the same upon Silk, Thread, Yarn, or Inkle- and to work up the same in Imitation of, and to mix the same with Gold and Silver Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, and Buttons, which have been so exaftiy counterfeited that the Publick have been greatly imposed upon thereby, which tends to the Discouragement as well of the Manufacture

as of the Exportation thereof, and to the Use and Wear thereof at Home, to the great Diminution of the Bullion of this Kingdom, inasmuch as whatever is used in gilding or (ilvering Copper is never recovered- and also in Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7. 405

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the All bate Met*l passing of this Act, all Copper, Brass, and every other Metal inferior to Silver, shall be spun upon to be spun upon Thread, Yarn, or Inkle only, and not spun, mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon Silk; and that no jj^nkJeJ*9 Person or Persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or expote to Sale, or export, any Copper, Brass, or other 01 n e0D Metal inferior to Silver, which shall be spun, mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon Silk, upon Pain that on Pen?by of each and every Person offending therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for one Ounce, or 5 1. per Ounce, any Quantity less than one Ounce, and the further Sum of five Pounds per Ounce for each and every Quantity exceeding one Ounce, which shall be lb spun, mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon Silk, or foTd, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported as aforesaid, to be recovered and tiilbofed of as herein after is mentioned; and for Default of paying down the Penalty upon Conviction, shall be committed, by the Court in which Judgment shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City,

Liberty, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall be so convicted, there to remain, and to be kept to

hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, nor less than three Months, or until

Payment be made of the said Penalty; and also upon Pain that all such Copper, Brass, or other Metal md Forfeiture

inferior to Silver, which shall be so spun, mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon Silk, or fold, or offered or of the Meui,

exposed to Sale, or exported as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof to the King’s Majesty,

his Heirs and Successors, and the other Aloiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the

lame.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, No gilt base no metal inferior to Silver, which shall be gilt and drawn into Wire, or Batted into Plate, shall be spun or Mcul xo{* wrought into or upon, or mixed with Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons* made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or set upon Silk, or made into Bullion, Spangles, or

Purl, or any other Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of Lace, Fringe, Cord*

Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or in Imitation of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or of any of the Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them; and that no Person or Persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or expose to Sale, or export any Metal inferior to Silver, which shall be gilt and drawn into Wire, or flatted into Plate, and spun or woven, or wrought into or upon, or mixed with Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or set upon Silk, or made into Bullion, Spangles, or Purl, or any other Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of Lace, Fringe, Cord,

Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory as aforesaid,

or which shall imitate, or be meant or intended to imitate. Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour

Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or any of the Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, upon Pain that each and every Person on penatly of

offending therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for one Ounce, or any Quantity less than Ounce,

one Ounce, and the further Sum of five Pounds per Ounce for each and every Quantity exceeding one

Ounce, which shall be so spun or wrought into or upon, or mixed with Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery,

Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or let upon Silk, or made

into Bullion, Spangles, or Purl, or any other Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing

of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons made in the Gold and Silver Lace

Manufactory, or in Imitation of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made

in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or of any of the Materials used or to be used in the making or

manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, or fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported as aforesaid;

and for Default of paying down the Penalty on Conviction, shall be committed, by the Court in which

Judgment shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City, Liberty, or Place,

where such Person or Persons shall be so convicted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, nor less than three Months, or until Payment be made of the said Penalty; and also upon Pain that all such Metal inferior to Silver, which shall be gilt and so spun or and Forfeiture

wrought into or upon, or mixed with Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons* of the Metal*

made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or set upon Silk, or made into Bullion, Spangles, or Purl,.

or any other Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery,

Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or in Imitation of Lace,

Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or of any of the Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, or fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Actr ToKmlttbe no Copper, Brass,^or other Metal, which shall be silvered and drawn into Wire, or flatted into Plate, or Proportion of made into Bullion, Spangles, or Purl, or any other Materials used or to be used in the making or manu- ?nchSl|!er factoring of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver wJree °pp'r Lace Manufactory, or in Imitation of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or of any of the Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof or of any of them, shall hold more, or bear a higher or greater Proportion than three Pennyweight of fine Silver upon or to the Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Copper, Brass, or other Metal and that no Person or Persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or expose to Sale, or export,

406

n Penalty of 5 1. per Ounce,

nd Forfc;lure oi (he Metal.

No bate Metal to be mixed with 13 old or Silver*

Penalty of 51. jper Ounce,

And Forfeiture at the Metal.

Forfeitures, Half to the King and Half to the Informer.

Persons sued may plead the General Issue,

[Treble Costs.]

and recover

Limitation of iUtioas,

[Publick Act.]

C. 7. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

any Copper, Brass, or other Metal, which shall be silvered and drawn into Wire, or flatted into Plate, or made into Bullion, Spangles, or Purl, or any other Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or in Imitation of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, or of any of the Materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, and which shall hold more, or bear a higher or greater Proportion than three Pennyweight of fine Silver upon or to the Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Copper, Brass, or other Metal, upon Pain that each and every Person offending therein, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for one Ounce, or any Quantity less than one Ounce, and the further Sum of five Pounds per Ounce for each and every Quantity exceeding one Ounce, which shall hold more, or bear a higher or greater Proportion than three Pennyweight of fine Silver«upon or to the Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Copper, Brals, or other Metail, or tliail be fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported, as aforesaid; and for Default of paying down the Penalty upon Conviction, shall be committed, by the Court in which Judgment shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction of the County, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall he so convicted, there to remain, and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, nor less than three Months, or until Payment be made of the said Penalty; and also upon Pain that all such Copper, Brass, or other Metal, which shall hold more, or bear a higher or greater Proportion than three Pennyweight of fine Silver upon or to the Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such Copper, Brass, or other Metal, or be fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof.to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall fuc for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Cop pec, Brass, or other Metal inferior to Silver, whether the same be gilt, or silvered, or stained, or coloured, or otherwise, shall be worked up or mixed with Gold or Silver, in any Manufacture of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory; and that no Person or Persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or cxpole to Sale, or export, any Copper, Brass, or other Metal inferior to Silver, whether the same be gilt, or silvered, or itained, or coloured, or otherwise, which shall be worked up or mixed with Gold or Silver, in any Manufacture of Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, upon Pain that each and every Person offending therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds for one Ounce, or any Quantity less than one Ounce, and the further Sum of five Pounds per Ounce for each and every Quantity exceeding one Ounce of such Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, made in the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory, which shall be so worked up, or mixed, or fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported, as aforesaid; and for Default of paying down the Penalty upon Conviction, shall be committed, by the Court in which Judgment shall be given thereon, to the House of Correction for the County, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Person or Persons shall be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding the Space of six Months, nor left than three Months, or until Payment be made of the said Penalty; and also upon Pain that all such Lace, Fringe, Cord^ Embroidery, Tambour Work, or Buttons, which shall be so worked up, or mixed, or fold, or offered or exposed to Sale, or exported, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall sue forth® same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures and pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in Manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof shall belong to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Cods of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or lue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Eiloin, Protection, Privilege,- or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for what he or they shall do in the Execution of this Act, he or they may plead the General Iffee, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suit, or shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, then such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which there shall be the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are allowed to Defendants.

VII. Provided always, That every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be had, brought, sued, commenced, or exhibited for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, for or by reason of any Offence committed against this Act, shall be had, brought, commenced, sued, or exhibited, within six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, or after the Discovery thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

CAP.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo o£fcavo Georgii III. c. 8. 407

CAP. VIII.

An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions; and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues in the Manner therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

W (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Com-

fans, and of the British Possessions in India; and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused of Offences committed in the East: Indies), his Majesty is empowered to nominate and appoint a Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India: And whereas, by the said Act, the said Board of Commissioners is inveited with the Superintend, mce and Controul over all the British Territorial Possessions in the East Indies, and over the Affairs of the United Company of Mer- chants trading thereto, in the Manner in the said Act directed; and is likewise authorised and empowered from Time to Time to superintend, direct, and controul all Acts, Operations, and Concerns, whidh in anywise relate to the Civil or Military Government or Revenues of the said Possessions, in the Manner iti the said Actfc directed: And whereas the Court of Directors of the said Company is required by the said Act to pay due Obedience to, and to be governed and bound by, such Orders and Directions as the said Court shall from Time to Time receive from the said Board, touching the Civil or Military Government and

Revenues of the said Possessions: And whereas, nevertheless, Doubts have been raised, whether the said Commissioners are, under the said Act, empowered at any Time to direct, that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Forces as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, shall be defrayed out of toe Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions, unless such Troops are sent at the express Requisition of the East India Company- and particularly whether, under the Circumstances now existing, the said Commissioners are not restrained, by certain Provisions contained in the said Act, from giving such Directions with respeff to the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining any Forces which may be sent to India for the Security of the said Possessions, in Addition to the Forces now there: And whereas it appears that, by reafan of the said Doubts, the said Directors have delayed to take Measures for transporting in the said Company’s Ships the Forces which his Majesty has judged necessary to be sent to India for the Security of the said Pol- sessions:’ Therefore, for obviating every such Doubt, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared, and be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India was and is by the said Act fully authorised and empowered to order and direct that all the Expences incurred, or to be hereafter incurred, for railing, transporting, and maintaining such Forces as shall be lent to India for the Security of the said Territories and Possessions, shall be paid, defrayed, and borne out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions; and that nothing in the said Act contained extended or extends, or shall be construed to extend, to restrain or to have restrained the said Commissioners trom giving such Orders or Directions as aforesaid, with respect to the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining any Forces which may be sent to India for the Security of the said Possessions, in Addition to the Forces now there.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to give or approve any such Direction as aforesaid, with respect to the Payment of any greater Number of his Majesty's Forces than shall amount in the whole to eight thousand and forty-five Men, including the Commissioned and Non-commi ifioned Officers; or of the European f orces of the East India Company, than shall amount in the whole to twelve thousand two hundred Men, including the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers.

III. And whereas it is expedient that further Provisions should be made for limiting the Application of the said Revenues, with respect to the established Salaries and Allowances to be paid therefrom to any Person in India, and with respect to any extraordinary Allowances or Gratuities to be paid therefrom to any Person on account of Services performed in India \ be it therefore funher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners for the Adairs of India to give, or caffe to be given, any Directions, ordering or authorising, by any Dispatches to oe lent to India, the Increase of the established Salaries, Allowances, or Emoluments of any Office in the Service of the lad Company, beyond the Amount to which the same are now fixed by the Orders which nave been sent to India, unless such Increase shall i e specified and contained in some Dispatch proposed Dy the said Court of Directors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the said Commissioners for their Approbation; and unfits an Account of the actual Salaries, Allowances, and Emoluments of such Office, and of the increase proposed to be nude therein, wita the Reasons for such Increase, shall have been laid before both Houses of Parliament thirty Days before such Dispatch shall be sent.

2$ Geo. III. 3 H IV. And

[Preamble.]

*4Ceo -3.Seir.ft*

c«»5 recited*

Hoard of Con-

missioner* appointed under the recited empowered to direct all Expence< for raising, &c. Forces sent to India, to be defrayed out of the Revenue* of the Territories there.

Commissioner* not to give Directions for the Payment of a greater Number of Troops than herein specified.

Commissioner* not to give Di-redfions for increasing Sahiies beyond the /'mount fixed by Order? *hich have been lent to India, unlt f* propos d by the Director3,ic.

C.

408

Commissionerf not to gi»c Di-rcflions for Payment of any Gratuity, but such as shall be specified in Dispatches proposed by the DireOori, &c.

Directors to lay before euh Houseo* Parliament an annual Account of the Produce of the Revenues of their respe£hvc J’reiidvencies, &c«

[Preamble.]

Sc 3 Edw. i. c,a6. recited \

C. 8 - 16. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to give, or cause to be given, any Direction for the Payment of any extraordinary Allowance or Gratuity from the said Revenues, to any Person, on Account of Services performed in India, or on any other Account whatever, to any greater Amount, or to any other Person, than shall be specified and contained in some Dispatch proposed by the said Court of Directors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the said Commissioners for

J:heir Approbation; and that in every Case where any such Directions shall be so given, a distinct Account of all such Allowances or Gratuities shall be added to the next Lift of Establishments laid before Parliament by the said Court of Directors.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Directors of the said United Company shall, within the first fourteen Sitting Days after, the first Day of February in every Year, lay before each of the two Houses of Parliament respectively, an Account (made up according to the latest Advices) of the annual Produce of the Revenues (distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof) at their several Presidencies respectively, and of the annual Disbursements at each of the said Presidencies and Settlements respectively (distinguishing the same under the several Heads thereof), and of the Amount of the Bond and other Debts at each of the said Presidencies respectively, the Rate of Interest which such Debts respectively carry, and the annual Amount of such Interest,

CAP. IX.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable George Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick, to build a new Bridge over the River Avony in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto.

CAP. X.

An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and fot building a new Church, and making a new Church-yard, or Cemetry, in the said rarish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

CAP. XI.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England^ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight,

CAP. XII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and theit

Quarters.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor of

Township of North Kymey in the County of Lincoln.

CAP. XV.

An Act for supplying with Water the Town of South Shields^and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping

resorting to the said Town.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of the Realm

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the second and third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth (intituled, An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of the Realm), it is enacted, That no Person or Persons, after the first Day of April then next coming, shall ship, lade, prry, or convey any White Afties to the Parts beyond the Seas, upon Pain of Forfeiture of six Shillings and eight Pence for every Bushel of such Allies, so to be shipped or laded to be carried or conveyed to the Parts beyond the Seas, the Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the King, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same, in any of the King’s Courts of Record, by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information; in the which Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, no Wager of Law, EHoin, or Pro- testion, shall be admitted or allowed: And whereas the Reasons for passing the said Act do not now exist, and it is therefore expedient that the same should be repealed ;* May it therefore pleafi; your Majesty, that it

may

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 17.

may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, the said Act herein before recited shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

WHEREAS the Variety of Reels used, and the Methods practised, in making up Ounce or Nun’s Thread for SaleJ have of late introduced great Uncertainty, and given Opportunity to many c Frauds ruinous to the fair Trader, and to that valuable Manufacture:’ For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thai, from and after the first Day of June in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, the Reel used in reeling or making up that Kind of Thread commonly called Ounce or Nun's Thread, shall be one Yard or thirty-iix Inches in Circumference; and that such Person or Persons who shall t’nere-after use, in reeling or making up Ounce or Nun’s Thread, any Reel or Reels less than one Yard or thirty-six Inches in Circumference, and shall be convicted thereof in Manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit the Reel or Reels so used, which shall be broken, burnt, and destroyed, and shall also pay for every such Offence, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied in Manner also herein after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of June, all Ounce or Nun’s Thread manufactured in Great Britain, shall be made up in Hanks, Ounces, Quarters, and Pounds, Avoirdupois Weight, each Hank containing thirty Threads or Rounds of the said Reel of one Yard or thirty-six Inches in Circumference, of the same Quality and Fineness; and each Ounce containing a particular Number of such Hanks entire, of the same Quality and Fineness, and no Fractions or broken Parts of a Hank; and each Qua iter containing four such Ounces, of the same Quality and Fineness; and

each Pound containing four such Quarters, of the same Quality and Fineness; and the Cover of each Pound orfmaller Package of such Thread, shall be marked with a Stamp, ascertaining the Contents of such Package to be Ounce or Nun’s Thread, and specifying the Number of Hanks in each Ounce thereof, and expressing the Manufacturer’s Name and Place of Abode: And that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and after the said first Day of June, reel or make up any such Thread in any other or different Manner than as aforesaid, or sell or expose to Sale any Ounce or Nun’s Thread manufactured in Great Britain, but such as is reeled, made up, and damped in Manner aforesaid; and that such Person or Persons, who, after the said first Day of June, shall reel or make up any such Thread in another or different Manner than as aforesaid, or who shall feU, or expose to Sale, any such Thread of the Manufacture of Great Britain, so reeled or made up in another or different Manner than as aforesaid, knowing the same to be so improperly reeled or made up, and shall be convicted thereof as herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, the Thread so reeled or made up contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the Sum of ten Pounds for each Pound thereof, Avoirdupois Weight, to be levied in Manner after mentioned: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be extended to such Ounce or Nun’s Thread, of forty Threads in the Hank, as shall be bona fide manufactured and made up and on Hand at the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person or Persons who shall imitate or counterfeit the Mark or Stamp used by any Manufacturer of such Thread, in order to make the Thread therewith stamped pass for the Manufacture of the Person whose Stamp is so counterfeited, or who shall mark or stamp any Thread with a Stamp so counterfeited, or who shall fell, or expose to Sale, any Thread so marked with a counterfeit Stamp, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and shall be convicted thereof in Manner after mentioned, shall, in every such Case* forfeit all such Stamp or Stamps, to be broken and, destroyed, and shall also forfeit, to and for the Use of the Person whose Stamp is so counterfeited, the Thread so stamped with such counterfeited Stamp, and the Sum of ten Pounds, to be levied in Manner herein after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any^two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, within which any Offence against this Act shall be committed, or within which the Offenders shall relide or be found, to hear and determine all Offences against this Act; and such Justices are hereby impowered and required, on Information exhibited, or Complaint to them made in Writing in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on cither Side, and to examine into trie Matter, and upon Proof made thereof, cither. by the voluntary Confession, or by Examination of the Party accused, or by the Oath of two or more credible Witnesses, to give Judgment for the Forfeiture and Penalties, according as in and by this Act is directed, and to issue their Warrant for carrying such Sentences into Execution^ and for levying the Penalties by'Distress and Sale (if not redeemed within ten Days) of the Offender’s Goods or Effects, rendering the Overplus, if any shall be, after deducting the Charge of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case such Goods or Effects cannot be found fuffeient for Payment of the said Penalties, then to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain for the Space of three Months, unless such Penalties be

409

and rep^alcdqi

[Preamble.]

From June T* 1788, Reel* of less Circumference than one Yard, used in making Ounce Thre ad, to be forfeited, and a Ho 5 I.

In what Manner Ounce Thread is to be made up.

Persons making up Ounce Thread contrary h?re;o, or Jelling the same, to forfeit the Thread, an 1 iol. so.- each P- und Weight thereof.

Not to extend to '1 hread of 40 Threads in the Hank, manu-n figured prior to June j, 1788.

Persons counter-feiting Stamps, &c. to forfeit the same, and the Thread, as also 10 1.

Justices roajr deter mi neOffencee against this Act

and mar commit to Gaol Offenders not paying Penalties*

410 C. 17 - 20. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Persons g?neT- sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find him or themselves aggrieved by the Judg-to th^General ment of any such Justices, then he or they shall or may, upon giving Security to make good the Sentence, gaiter Seffloai. and to pay such Costs as shall be ordered in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for such County, Riding, Division, City, Town, or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Appellant to pay such Costs, occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of the said Justices of the Peace, and also of the said Quarter Sessions, to modify and mitigate the said Penalties, in such Manner as to them shall seem expedient, provided that such Penalties shall in no Case be reduced below one Hal^ and the full Costs of the Prosecution.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as

a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of the Prosecutor, or the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed by such Justices of the Peace before wdom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit, to and for the Use of the Prosecutor, the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means

as is he rein-before directed as to other Penalties, besides being liable to be compelled to appear and give

Evidence by Means of another Summons, under the like Penalty, or any other Means known and practised in the Law in similar cases.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Thread shall be seized in pursuance to lie upon the of the Powers contained in this Act, and it shall be alleged or pleaded that such Thread is of foreign Ma-?rnea°^l^C rtufacture, the Onus Probandi shall lie upon the Owner of such Thread; and if the Owner of such Thread

Tferui* shall in such proofs the Thread so seized shall be forfeited, and the Owners made liable to the Penalty

before-mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for raffing a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

[3*500,000l.]

CAP. XIX.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

[2,000,000l.]

CAP. XX.

An Act for amending an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern fVhale Fishery; and for making further Provisions for that Purpose.

FretflaVt*.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-»6 Geo c to jesty (intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fisherycertain Premiums, footed. 4 for a limited Time, are allowed to twenty Ships or Vessels employed in the said Fishery, under the Limit-

ations and Restrictions in the said Act contained: And whereas for fifteen of such Ships or Vessels the Premiums are to be allowed, on Condition that they shall have been fitted and cleared out, conformably to the Directions of the said Act, after the first Day of May and before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and between the first Day of May and the first Day of September in each succeeding Year and shall return into some Port of Great Britain before the first: Day of July, in

the Year subsequent to that in which they cleared out; and to five other of such Ships or Vessels the

Premiums are to be allowed, on Condition that such Ships or Vessels shall have been fitted and cleared out conformably to the Directions of the said recited Act, and shall fail within the Times herein-before mentioned, and shall return into some Port into Great Britain in not less than eighteen Months, and not

April 15, more than twenty-eight Months from the first Day of May in the Year in which they cleared out:

And w^ereas ]t ]S expedient that the said recited Act should be amended, in regard to the Times when

by recited* A a Ships or Vessels proceeding on the said Fishery are required to clear out from, and to return to Great to 15 Ship*, 0)*H 4 Britain; and it is also proper that further Inducements should be held out to encourage and extend the

be allowed to said Fishery May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

such at dear out King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-D«v*af»d No«i 1 P°rah anc* Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, 17$}, tod b«- 9 from and after the fifteenth Day of Aprils in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, tweeajau. i, the respective Premiums granted by the said recited Act to the fifteen Ships or Vessels as therein parti-

and Nor. i, in cularly mentioned, shall, during the Time for which the said Premiums are granted by the said Act, be c*«»y succeeding afKj gffiowec| to such fifteen Ships or Vessels as shall be fitted and cleared out, under the Conditions, bjSept? /tho* Regulations, and Restrictions of the said Act, between the said fifteenth Day of April and the first Day of following Year, November, in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and between the first Day of and the Pie- January and the first Day of November in every succeeding Year and shall return to some Port in Greet

Britain

Penalties may be mitigated.

Witnesses not attending, to forfeit 51.

Onus Probandi

C. 20.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

Britain on or before the first Day of September in the Year subsequent to that in which such Ships or Vessels shall have been fitted and cleared out; and that the respective Premiums, granted by the said recited Act to the five Ships or Vessels as therein particularly mentioned, shall, during the same Period, be paid and allowed to such five Ships or Vessels as shall be fitted and cleared out, in like Manner, between the said fifteenth pay of April and the hi If Day of November, in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and between the first Day of January and the first Day of November in every succeeding Year and which shall return to forne Port in Great Britain on or before the thirty-first Day of December, in the Year subsequent to that in which such Ship or Veiled Hull have been fitted and cleared out, but not in less Time than fourteen Months from the clearing out of such Ship or Veiled.

II. And, for the further Encouragement and Extension of the said Fishery, be it enacted by the Autho-thority aforesaid, That, during the Time for which Premiums are granted to twenty Ships or Vessels by the said herein-before mentioned Act, made and ptfled in the twenty -sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the several additional Premiums herein after mentioned shall be paid and allowed, unier the Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions of the said Act, and of this present Act, to the ()wher or Owners of three Ships or Vessels which shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port of Great Br itain or Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alan, between the fifteenth Day of April and the first Day of November, in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and between the first Day of January and the first Day of November in every succeeding Year and which shall double Cape Horn, or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the said Fishery, during the Space -of four Months, to the Westward of Cape Horn in those S^as; that is to say, To the Owner or Ownots of such Ship or Vessel as shall be so fitted and cleared out, and shall lb carry on the said Fishery, and shall return to some Port in Great Britain on or before the first Day of December in the second Year after that in which such Ship or Vessel fh.dl have so fitted and cleared out, but not in less Time than eighteen Months from the clearing out of such Ship or Vessel, and which shall so return with the greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter (being nor less in the whole than thirty J ons, caught during the said Voyage either outward or homeward), there shall be paid and allowed the Premium of eight hundred Pounds; and to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel which shall be so fitted and cleared out, and which (hairreturn as aforesaid with the next, greatest; Quantity of Oil or Head Matter (being not less in the whole than tniity Tons, caught during the said Voyage either outward or homeward), theie shall be paid and allowed seven hundred Pounds; and to the Owner or Owners of the Ship or Vessel which shall be so fitted and cleared out, and which (hill return, as aforesaid with the next greatest Quantity of Oil or Head Matter (being not lets in the whole than thirty Tons, caught during the said Voyage either outward or homeward), there shall be paid and allowed the Sum of six hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel, employed in carrying on the said Southern Whale Fishery to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, to fail or pass as far as the Equator Northward, and as far as fifty-one Degrees Longitude East from London, and no further; and for any Ship or Vessel, employed in carrying on tiic said Fisher y to the Westward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Magellan, to fail and pals as far as the Equator Northward, and as far as one hundred and eighty Degrees Longitude West from London, and no further: Provided always, That every Ship or Vessel, which shall fail or pass to the Faftwird of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the Westward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of Magellan, shall he obliged to have a Licence from the East India and South Sea Companies, and the Master shall be obliged to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a Certificate, as required by the said Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, respecting Snips allowed to proceed to the respective Limits therein mentioned, on the Terms and Conditions, and lubjtft to the Provisions in that Act prescribed; and every such Ship or Vessel, licensed pur hi ant to this Act, the Owner or Owners, and the Master and Crew thereof, shall he subject and liable to ail and every the Terms, Conditions, and Provisions, in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his pretent M j -fty’s Reign prescribed, and shall be liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures, in such Act provided and intended for Things done or omitted to be done, contrary to the Rules and Regulations in the said Act provided with regard to Ships or Vessels passing the Cape of Good Hope or Gape Ilorn, or the Streights of Magellan.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies, shall not be required or obliged to grant any Licence for any Ship or Vessel to fail to, or pais within the Limits of their exclusive Tnde round the Cope of Cool Hope, until the Owner or Owners of such Ship or t ellel, or the major Part of such Owners, if there shall be more than one Owner, shall have entered into and executed a Bond to the said United Company, in the Penalty of two thousand Pounds, with a Condition to be thereunder written for Payment to the said United Company of the Sum of one thousand Pounds, as a Forfeiture to the Use of the said United Company, over and above the Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in the said Act of the twenty-lixtlUYear of the Reign of his present Majesty, in case any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever (other tiun and except the Stores of such Ship or Vessel, and the Tackle, Materials, and other Things necessary for the Purpose of the Voyage) shall be taken into or put on board such Ship or Vessel, for or upon her*outward Voyage;, or in ca(e such Ship or Vessel shall have taken on board, in any Part of the Voyage homeward before her Arrival in Great Britain, any Goods or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the Rafi Indies, or any islands, Ports, Havens, Coasts, Cities, Towns, or Places, between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straght of Magellan, to the Value of one hundred Pounds or upwards, computing the lame according to the Value in England\ except such Provisions, Stores, or Clothing, & it may at any

Time

411

mumn granted to 5 Ships shall be allowed to such as clear out within the farr>0 Period, and return by Dec. in the Year Tub-fequ'nt to their clear n.; cut.

Additional Premiums gran ed to h-*e of the 20 Ships to which Premiums ate allowed by the recited Act, on he Con* diuon* herein (peafied.

How far Sh’pl miy fail, that' carry on the Ftfli-ry to the East*ard or Westward of Cape Horn, OT" through the Streiph s of Magellan; which Ship* mud h.ve a Licence from the F.act In^ia and Soulh Sea Companies, &c

East India Company not obliged to ^rant any Li-criKc 11 -til B nd be given that no Gor ds ftnll be taken on board,

412

C. 20. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Time during the Voyage have become necessary for the said Ship’s Crew to take on board for the Sole life of the said Crew.

If »ny Thing V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Thing shall be done by the

and the Recited Ship or Vessel, licensed as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Owners, Matter or Crew thereof, in any Way Act bcVone Uy respecting the Rights and Privileges of the said United Company, contrary to the true Intent and Aleaning any licensed of this and the said former Act, the Owner or Owners of the said bnip or Vessel shall not afterwards be Ship, it shall intitled to require, nor shall the said United Company be obiig *d to grant or g:vc to them, or any of them, not be inutied any future Licence for the same, or for any other Ship or Yeiiel to proceed within the Limits of the said Licence"tU" Company’s exclusive Trade.

Governor of St.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Ship or Vessel, to be licensed by the said United Com-Heleoa,&c. tnay pany as aforesaid, shall touch at the Bland of Saint Helena, or shall be found within the Limits before dc-search heented l'eribtd, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor of Saint Helena, the Commander of any Ship or Vessel belonging to, or in the Service of the said Company, or any Person authorised or deputed by them respectively, or to and for any Agent, specially authorised or deputed for that Purpose by the said Company, and refilling at any Place within the Limits before described, to search and examine such supposed Ship or Vessel, to fee if any Goods or Merchandizes shall he on board her, contrary to the Provisions of the bl found* the Act twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and of this Act; and in case any such

(hill be for fen- Goods or Merchandizes shall be found in or on board or such Ship or Vessel, on such Search or Examina-

cd, &c. tion, the same shall be forfeited to the said United Company, and the Owner or Owners, and Matter of the said Ship or Vessel, shall be liable to all other Penalties and Forfeitures fur trading contrary to the said Company’s Charteis; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, and the Persons aforesaid, on the Behalf and for the Use of the said Company, to ltize and take away such Goods and

Merchandizes to and for the Use of the said United Company, and to fend them home to the said United

Company, or to sell and dispose thereof to the Use of the said Company, as they shall think fit. forthr Pur tfc ^H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said ofrdoubr»ng^The Ships or Vessels, which shall be so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid, for the Purpose of doubling the Cape

Cape of Good of Good Hope or Cape Horq, or passing through the Streights of Magellan, not being of Ids than two hun~

Hope, &c. may dred Tons Burthen, to be properly iurimhed with Arms and Ammunition for Resistance and Defence,

be furmlh-d, provided the Owner or Owners of such Ships or Vessels, before clearing out, shall obtain a Licence from

obuinTng a °# Hord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Licence from the Admiral for the Time being, authorising the lame.

Admiralty, #, 1

and the Admt-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of Greet

ralty may grant Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, is and Licence* to such are hereby authorised and impowered to grant such Licence for arming, in such Cases as to him or them shall Sh»ps on the seem fa and pFOper; provided that there shall have been exhibited to him or them a Certificate, under the uj°menboned,rC" Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs (which Certificate they are hereby authorised and required to give), testifying that such Ship or Vessel is entered out for the Purpose of doubling the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing through the Streights of Magellan \ and provided also, that the Owner or Owners of feich Ship or Vessel shall have entered into a Bond, with two sufficient Sureties, in the Sum of one thousand Pounds, with Condition that such Arms or Ammunition shall not be used for any unlawful Purpose, but merely for Refinance and Defence in Cases of involuntary Hostiiity.

No Ship intuled

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel whatever shall be t® more than one intitled, within or during the Periods of Time respectively limited by this Act for such Ship or Vessel to additional Prc- faji on anc| to return from such Voyage, to more than one of the additional Premiums hereby granted, al-2JcUftouid°make though such Ship or Vessel shall make two Voyages within any one of the Periods aforesaid.

two Voyages in the Time limited by this Act for one.

No Premium to be allowed any Vefld which shall clear out after April 1 1733, un'ers it be certified that she was visited cn clearing out, &c.

nor unless (he be duly jrg.ilcted.

Pffnr.;uTJ?eranted by this Act to be p2id Jr-ce-ab.e >0 the flulcs of the ucucd Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Premium whatever, granted by the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, or by this Act, shall be paid and allowed to the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel which shall clear out after the fifteenth Day of April, in the present Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-right, on the said Fishery, unless it shall appear by Certificates from the proper Officers of the Customs, that such Ship or Vessel was visited, and the Crew by them respectively muttered, as well before the clearing out of such Ship or Vessel for the said Fishery, as on her Return to any Port in Great Britain\ any Law, Custom, or Usage to die contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ship or Vessel which, after the fifteenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall be fitted or cleared out for the said Fishery, shall be intitled to any of the Premiums, granted either by the said Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, ot* by this present Act, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have been duly registered, pursuant to the Terms and Directions of an Act passed in the twenty-sixtih Year of his iYh’jcity’s Reign (intituled, An Act for the further Increase ard Encouragement (f Shipping crJ Navigation)*

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional Premiums granted by this Act shall be paid by Inch and the like Person, and in such and the like Manner, and under such anj the like Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as is and are directed and prefenbed in and by

3 the

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 20. 413

the said herein-before recited Act, made and passed in the twenty-Tixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in and by this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Oil, Head Matter, or other Produce oil, *c. tmybe of Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, caught and taken in any Part of the Ocean by the Crew of imported Duty-any Ship or Vessel so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid for the several additional Premiums granted ffce ,n ^ip* by this Act, and which Ihill so double Cope Horn, or pass through the Streights of Magellan, and (o

carry on the said Fishery in the South Seas, ih ill, upon Importation into Great Britain, be admitted a c 01 15 to Entry, and landed under the usual Restrictions and Regulations, Without Payment of any Duty whatever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, not being a Foreigners who Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, who has or have been heretofore employed in carrying on the Whale h^ve carried on Fishery, and being the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, and intending to reside, together with his the ^haleFilh-or their Family or Families, in this Kingdom, for the Purpolb of continuing to carry on such Fishery from JnVcoming with hence, shall, on or before the first Day of January one thou fund seven hundred and ninety, come into this their Families to

Seamen or Fishermen, not less than twelve in Number, having been heretofore employed in carrying on to carry the said Fishery in every such Ship or Vessel; and it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Com- on the Whale missioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, by the Oaths (or Affirmations, if Fishery from of the People called Quakers) of such Owners respectively (which Oafhs or Affirmations the said Com- ^jrc.at Britain io missioners are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer), and by other Means, that he or before^ they have been so employed in carrying on the said Fishery for three Years next previous to his or their jin.i/iy^not Arrival, and that he or they, together with his 01 their Family or Families (if any they shall have), are exceeding40V then actually resident in Great Britain, and that twelve such Seamen and Fishermen at the lead are brought &c. into Great Britain in every such Ship or Vessel, and the same shall be certified by the said Commissioners in England and Scotland respectively to his Majesty; it shall <md may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, if he shall see just Cause so to do, to grant to the Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, not exceeding in the whole forty in Number, a Licence or Licences to fit out any such Ship or Vessel for the sole Purpose of carrying on the said Whale Fishery from Great Britain, and to employ such Ship or Vessel in carrying on the same; and every such Ship or Vessel shall, from and after the granting of such Licence as aforesaid, during the Continuance of such Licence, enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages which now by Law belong, or may at any Time hereafter belong, to any British Ship or Vessel employed in the said p ifhery (except the Premiums granted by this Act, and by the herein-before recited Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty), and dial I be allowed to import Oil, and all other Produce of the Whale Fishery, subject to the Regulations and Provisions herein-before contained, and free from all Duties whatever: any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Ship or Vessel so licensed Such foreign has aforesaid, shall have been employed by such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, in carrying on the Whale Rented Ship* at Fishery from Great Britain, or shall be continued in carrying on such Fishery, in c. fe of his or their De-

- ~ the Whale

ery from Great Britain for fife

respective Parish or Parishes in which the Owner or fucteflive Year*, Owners of every such Ship or Vessel shall have relided, and by other projx:r Means, that he or they, or maybeie*i(Ui*d his or their Family or Families, have been resident in such Parish or Parishes respectively for the Space of five Years successively, and the same shall be certified by the said Commissioners respectively to his Ma- lps* c# jesty; then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his Heiis'and Successors, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, to authorise the Owner or Owners to register every such Ship or Vessel as shall have been so brought into this Kingdom, and employed as aforesaid in the Whale Fishery from thence for five successive Seasons, by virtue of such Licence as aforesaid, in like Manner as if the same was a British-built Shit), owned by British Subjects, and navigated according to Law; and every such Owner or Owners shall also from thenceforth, in respect of every such Ship or Vessel, be intitled to all such Premiums as are granted to British-b\x\\t Ships and Vessels employed in carrying on the said Fishery; and they, and each of them, shall have and enjoy the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages of natural-born Subjects of Great Britain, in like Manner, and subject to the like Disabilities, as the same may be granted to Aliens by special Acts of Parliament.

XVI. Provided always, That all and every Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel, before he or Own?r« of ft>.' they shall be admitted to register any such Ship or Vessel, and before they shall have and enjoy the Rights, ShJP*in-Privileges, and Advantages of a natural-born Subject of Great Britain, Hull take and subscribe the Oath of fJc ^cd to take Allegiance to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at IVrjI mi nsler the Uath of All or Edinburgh, or at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden in the Place where he or they legiaacc 7 reside; which Oath shall he inrolled by the Court wherein the same shall be taken and subscribed, on Payment of the like Sum or Sums to the Officer or Officers of such Court for entering the same, as are or shall be payable by Law on the Entry of such Oath in the Courts aforesaid, in any Case where the lame is by Law required.

XVII. And, for the further Encouragement of such Person or Persons, not being a Subject or Sub- jedts of his Majesty, to come and establish himself or themselves in tlus Kingdon, for the Purpose of

414

Six Ship* of Foreigners first coming to refine in Great Britain, to be allowed o -itfcport Oil, &c. on the C’or-di-tions herein

tnocitioAcd-

Foreigners so

all) ar.l to imparl t »il, Arc. to ewer into r'ond to settlr wii h their Crews in Great Britain-

Duties to be under the Management of the Cnromissioners of the Customs.

Penalty on Per-fnns granting false C'rnifi-cates, Arc.

How Pmal ies are to be applied.

General llTue.

Treble Costs.

C. 20, 2r. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

carrying on the said Fishery in the Manner before-mentioned;* be it further enacted by the Authority

a fore (rid. That the fix Ships or Vessels belonging to such Person or Persons, not being a Subject or Subject of his Majesty as aforesaid, which shall first arrive in any Port of this Kingdom, in the Manner and on the Conditions before mentioned, shall be allowed to import Cargoes of Oil or Head Matter, being the Produce of any Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, caught by the ’Crews of such Ships or Vessels, subject to the Duties and Conditions following; that is to say. The Ship or Vessel belonging to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, wmch di ill first arrive in Manner before mentioned, shall be allowed to import any Quantity (if Oil or Head Matter, being the Produce of any Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, caught by the Crew of the said Ship or Vessel, not exceeding seventy Tons, each Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gaiions, without Payment of any Duty whatsoever; the two Ships or Vessels belonging to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, which shall next arrive in Manner before mentioned, shall be allowed to import any Quantity of Oil or Head Matter, being the Produce of any Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, caught by the Crew of the said Ship or Velfe!, not exceeding seventy Tons, each containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, upon Payment of a Duty at and after the Rate of five: Pounds per Ton; the th;ee Ships or VefliF belonging to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, not being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty, which shall next arrive in Manner before mentioned, shall be allowed to import any Quantity of Oil or Head Matter, being the Produce of any Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, caught by the Crew of the said Ship or Vessel, not exceeding seventy Tons, each Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, upon Payment of a Duty at and after the Rate often Pounds ^rTon; and any Quantity of Oil or Heid Matter exceeding seventy Tons, each Ton containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons, imported by any such fix Ships or Vessels, belonging to such Person or Persons, not being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty as aforesaid, shall be admitted to Entry, and shall be subject: to Payment of Duties as Oil of Foreign Fiming; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, not being a Subject or Subjects of his Majesty as aforesaid, and being Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, so importing such Oil or Head Matter as aforesaid, shall, together with two sufficient Sureties, being his Majesty's Subjects and residing within Great Britain (to be approved of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland), give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be taken by the Collector or Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs in the Port where such Ships shall arrive, in the Penalty of double the highest Duty on the Quantity so imported* to which Fish Oil is now by Law subject and liable under any Circumstances of Importation; with Condition that such Owner or Owners, together with the Crews of the respective Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, so importing such Oil or Head Matter as aforesaid, shall severally and respectively establish themselves in Great Britain, and carry on the said Fishery from Great Britain, according to, and in compliance with, and under the Conditions Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, prescribed and directed in the said herein-before recited Act, so made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, or of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties granted by this Act shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied, under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, in such and the like Manner, and -by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as the Duty upon Train Oil of Foreign Fishing is now by I /aw raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered, and applied.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly g;ve or grant any false Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any OlEce whatever; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or fflfify any Certificate for any of the Purposes required or directed by this Act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any alfe Certificate, or of any Certificate so counterfeited, eraled, altered, or faliined, such PeTon or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and every such Certificate or Certificates shall be invalid, and of no Effect.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue or prosecute for the same in any of his Majesty ’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively, where the Offence shall be committed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Per foil or Persons whatever, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant oc Defendants in such Million or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the linne was done in pursuance of, and by the Authority of this Act: And be it (Hall appear so to be done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or iXTenuaiits; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or Hull discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants hath -or have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the lame as Defendants have in ctner Cales by Law.

CAP. XXL

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

[750,600 /.]

10 CAP.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo o6)tavo Georgii III. c. 22, 23. 415

CAP. XXII.

An Act to tnJemnlfy such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have onitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Whear, and other Articles, to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies \ to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be confirmed on 7 board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found Lifeful and beneficial, and are near expiring :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Lme, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George So much of the First, intituled, An Act a gain ft clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectual pre- 5 G<-°. 1. c.f r. venting Frauds relating to the Customs, relating to such foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship or Vessel, uncustomed8 or Boat; and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and whereby further Good?, a? ha* Remedies are provided against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods confined, shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and relating to the opening or altering the Package of (roods on r subsequent board of Ships outward bound; and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of fifty Tons, *g8 ct£r*be or under; and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and also relating further conti-to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing twenty Gallons at the least; and also relating to Cer- nued toS-pr. tificate Goods, entered in order to be exported to Ireland; which were to have Continuance for the Term 29> *79S»&c* of three Years from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from ther.ce to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the ninth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and in the second, eighth, thirteenth, sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-thud Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh, fourteenth, and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty- eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the twenty-niruh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. c

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act>, made in the fifth Year of the LmTru^to Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Ala- June *4,179

Plantations in America, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fifth Day of March one &c. exc-pt !«rh thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred Pjlrt ihrre<£»* and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several j fiibfecpjei.t Acts made in the eleventh, nineteenth,* twenty* fifth, and thirty-second Years of his laid late and Exporcaitnii 28 GEO. III. Majesty's of foreign CorT c

4i 6

into and fm/n the British Co-|nnt«jin America.

Si moch of 19 Geo. 2. c. 34. as rrUres to the further Punishment of Per Tons going armed, &c. in defim-e of the Laws of CoAotm,&c. and to the Relief of Officers in Informations upon Seimrer, continued to Sept. *9>

a 1 Geo. j.t. 77. for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton, further continued for two Yearr, &c.

So much of 16 Geo. 3. C. 37. as relards to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, &c. to his Majesty* Sugar Colonies in America j and so much of *5 Geo. 3. c. 69. as relates to allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Wheat, &c. from Lancaster to the said Colonies, continued to May I, 1789.

So much of 17 Geo. 3. c. 43. a» permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, continued to June 34, J792, &c.

2(3 Geo. 3. c. £94 to explain, &c. 25 Geo. 3. C. 67. ip prohibit the

C. 23. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Majesty's Reign, and of the sixth, fourteenth, and twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of foreign Coffee into and from th e British Colonies and Plantations in America, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. Ah At1 for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or difgnijed, in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise 3 and for indemnifying Of fenders against those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of the Ciflams in

Informations upon Seizures, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs, in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in force for seven Years from the twenty-fourth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts of the twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, eighteenth, and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacturers of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, which was to continue in force for two Years, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the ftxteemh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles, to his Majestfs Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchcmts of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and ower Articles, as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in force until the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-seven, and which by several Acts made in the seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, anatwenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and also that so touch of the said Act made in the said twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Lancaster to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, which was to be in force until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, mall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Allfor repealing the eleventh Ride in the Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the bnporter of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time; as permits the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in force until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by two Acts made in the twentieth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and fiforn thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and Utensils, an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 23, 24. 417

prohibit the Exportation to foreign Part*, of Took and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures Erporiation of of Ms Kingdom; and to prevent the [educing of Artificers or Tl'orkmrn employed in these Manufactures to go Tool* used ia into Parts beyond the Seas which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the twenty-fevemh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was con- continued to the tinned until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further conti- End of the ne*c nued until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. Session.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth Year of soeo.t. c. iSv the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine running of Goods, continued ro

and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to fabject Copper Sept. 20,1795;J*

Ore of the Production of the British Plantations to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the *c- ce?t the

like Production are subject, which was to be in force for two Years from the twenty-fifth Day of March aii shVp*

one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par- )orm (v!ar^C

liament; and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to per- tine.

form Quarantine), was to have further Continuance to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, but by Mistake, the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty-seven was inserted therein, instead of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty-first, twenty-

fevwith, and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the seventh, fourteenth, and

twenty-first Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth of 2

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped i,9rJatc] io a*V as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in force for lowing a Draw-two Years from the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and which, by three b»ckJftheDu-Acts made in the twenty-first, twenty-fourth, and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, on Rum was further continued until the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall, from *,p£dr "mci- and after the passing of this Act, be revived; and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force chin/shi^Vc-and Effect until the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the Ti.ed.and contr-End of the then next Session of Parliament. sued to July 5.

1795.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the twenty So much of

seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in »7 Geo. 3. c. 3T. foreign Wines in their Possession at a certain Itme, upon which the Duties on Importation have been paid; and duc^"’ }T,h^ for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and ^med of the taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometers, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, strength denoted shall, upon Trial of any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in by Clarke’* Ky-force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall, from and after the drometer, re. passing of this Act, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full Force and Eft’ed vlvelj*ndtu011* until the End of the next Session of Parliament, subject to such Alterations and Amendments as may be of t°hc made by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament. Session.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders.

WHEREAS he Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful and bene- prearnwc#

V V fioial, and are near expiring be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by #

and with the Advice and Confer* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of *9 Geo. *. c. tj. the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Jo* trentin* Species of British and I rim Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign Raw Linen SpeSeflf" Tarns made of Flax, which said Act was by two* other Acts made in the tenth and nineteenth Years of the BrirffhVnd Irish Reign of his present Majesty, extended and continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand Linen* exported, seven hundred and eighty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which. &« continued to by another Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until Jtt"8 M* l79°» the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to die End of the then next Session of Parliament! shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-

31 fourth

1

4i8 C. 24, 25. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

5 Geo. a. c. 30. to pretent the committing of Praudsby Bank* rupts, continued to June 1, 1793, fcc.

0 much of *4 Geo. 3. c. 56* as cx'i nds to authuiiie the Removal of Offenders to tem-pivary Places of Confinement} and 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. to explain and ann£nd the Laws relating to the Transp-rt-ation, &c. of Offender*, c n-tioned tf'June I,

>793.

Offenders conveyed to temporary Places of Confinement, under 24 Geo. c. 56. shall be treated, maintained, See, as Offenders sentenced to hard Labour under 19

His Majesty may authorise Persont to make Contract for the Transportation of Offenders,

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. 3c.IOI ficued.

fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the comsnitting of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was to continue in force born the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the ninth and sixteenth Years of his said Majesty's Reign, \tfas further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first Day of Seftemher one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and which, by several susbequent Acts made in the thirty-lull Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twentyTninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and which, by an Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and from thei.ce to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by three other Acts made in the sixteenth, twenty-first, and twenty sixth Years of h»s present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the lame is hereby further continued until the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And whereas an Act was made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act for the tjj'c 'Auai Transportation of Felons and other Ofenders, and to authorise the Removal of Prisoners in certain cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; whereby an Act, made and passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws re- bating to the Pransportation, hnprifnment, and other Punishment of certain Offenders, was continued until the* first Day of June one thoulanu Even hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said last mentioned Act, and also such of the Provisions of the said first-mentioned Act as were declared to remain in force until the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should be further continued :* Be it enacted, Tlut the said Act, made and passed in the nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and also so much of the said Act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as extends to authorise the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, shall continue to be in force until the first Day of Jam one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several Offenders who shall, by virtue of the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, be removed to temporary Places of Confinement, shall, during such Confinement, be treated and visited in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Ou fenders who are sentenced to hard Labour under the said Act of the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; and all Expences occasioned by their Maintenance or Death shall be defrayed by the Overseer or Overseers appointed by his Majesty, in such and the like Manner as the Expences occasioned by the Maintenance or Death of Offenders fencenced to hard Labour under the aforesaid Act of the nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Geo. 3. c. 74.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall be pleated to give Orders for the Trans-Dortation of any Offender or Offenders, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, under his Royal Sign Manual, if he shall think fit, to authorise and impower any Person or Persons to make Conrrads for the effectual Transportation of such Offender and Offenders, and to direct to what Person or Persons Security shall be given for the effectual Transportation of such Offender or Offenders; and every such Contract and Security shall be equally valid and effectual, and every Person contracting for the Transportation of any Offender or Offenders with any Person or Persons so authoriseff by his Majesty as aforesaid, shall have the like Property in the Service of such Offender or Offenders, as if such Contract had been made, and such Security had been given, in the Manner required by the said Act of the twenty-fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for netting certain Light-houses in the northern Parts of Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for erecting certain Ligfht-boujcs in the northern Parts of Great Britain, the Commissioners

a foui tii

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 25, 26.

( a fourth in the Mull of Kintyre; and from and after the Time such Light-houses should be finishecJ, in such Manner as to have the proper Lights or Signals put up therein, to demand, collect, receive, and take,

1 troni the Mi tiers and Owners of every British Ship, or decked Veil'd, navigated according to Law, passing any of the Lid Light-houses, a Sum not exceeding one Penny Sterling per Ton, and for every foreign Ship or decked Veil’d, passing as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding two Pence Sterling per Ton: And the said Commissioners were im powered to borrow, or take up at 1 mere {I, any Sum or Sums of Money, nor exceed one thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and Credit of the said Duties, for answering the Expences of making the Lid Works: And whereas the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said A:f,

and the Trusts repoled in them, have now erected one Light house at Kinnaird's Hea l, which proves of great public Lt hty, and are proceeding to erect the three others; but as the Money allowed by the said Act to be raised and tr.kca up, and the Duties authoris'd to be levied, collected, and taken, on the Ton- nage of Ships or Vessels passing the said Light-houses, will not be sufficient to defray the Expences of hriishing, completing, and maintaining the same:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, in lieu of the Ducks by the said Act granted, to demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from all and every the Mailers and Owners of every Ship or decked Vessel, the Sums following; that is to say, From every British Ship or decked Vessel, navigated according to Law, which shall pass any of the said Light-houses, whether the said Ship or Vessel shall be outwent or homeward bound, or on a foreign Voyage, or failing Coastways, a Sum not exceeding one Penny Halfpenny Sterling per Ton, of such Ship or Veiled; and for every foreign Ship or decked Veil’d, patting as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding three Pence Sterling per Ton, of such Ship or Vessel.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered, as soon as two of the said Light-houses are built and lighted in a proper Manner, and after one Month’s Notice given in the London Gazette, and all the Edinburgh Newspapers, to demand, collect, receive, and take one Half of the said Duties; any Thing in the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby impowered and declared to have full Power and lawful Authority, at any Time or Times hereafter, by any Mortgage or Mortgages, or any Act or Acts, Deed or Deeds, under their Hands duly executed, to borrow or take up, at a Rate of Interest not exceeding the lawful Interest, in Addition to the Sums allowed to be taken up and borrowed by the said Act, a further Sum, not exceeding three thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and Credit of the Duties granted by this AiSl, for answering the Expences of making and completing the Works aforesaid, and such further Sum as shall be sufficient to discharge the Expence of obtaining and patting this Act; and may attign such Duties to any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, who shall furnish or advance such Money, or any Part thereof, as a Security for Repayment of the same.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Conditions, Directions, Provisions, and Exemptions, in and by the said Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, enacted or provided, touching or relating to the Powers and Trusts reposed in the said Commissioners, shall be adjudged and deemed, and taken to be in full Force, as if the same were herein particularly inferred and re-enacted, excepting only as to the Alterations by this Act made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts of Law or Equity, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices of such Courts are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-

eight; and far further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliaments

44 3,545,000l. granted out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the current Year; to be ittued by the Treasury accordingly. Treasury impowered to raise the Sum of 2,545.000l. or any Part thereof, by Loans pr Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of the Consolidated Fund. All Persons who shall lend any M oney upon the Credit of this Act to have a Tally of Loan, with Orders for Repayment of the Money* 84 with Interest. Orders to be registered in Course. No undue Preference to be given in Payment. No Fee to be taken, on Forfeiture of Treble Damages, with full Costs. Auditor, &c. neglecting his Duty, liable for Damages, itfe. to be recovered at Westminster. No undue Preference in the registering, where Orders are brought the same Day, so they are all registered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before others not brought in Course, so as Money be reserved for the preceding Orders. If it shall he judged more advisable, the Treasury may raise the said Sum by Exchequer Bills instead of Loans; and the Bills in such Case to be made in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of this Settion. All Advantages and M Penalties in the said Act of tins Settion, relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby authoris'd to be

It 1'eu of (He D it'.cs gran’ed by the reciu-d Act, the A hewing are to be cohered:

For every decked V» (Tel parting any of the Light-houses, id. 1 q* p?r Too j and for every foreign decked' VeHel, 3 d. per Ton.

Half of the Dutie» may be collc£Ud whe two L f ht-housei are ceiled, &c.

Commissioners may borrow a furher Sum of 3,coo), on the Credit of the Duties.

Power of the recited Act to continue in for e, unless al ered by this Act.

[Publick Act.]

420

C. 26

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

made forth, extended to this ActL The Exchequer Bills, Interest, and Charges, are to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the Sum of 2,545,000l. notwithstanding an Act of 5 and 6 GuL (A Mar. 'Flic Sum of 589,162l. 15*. id. 2 q. remaining in the Exchequer on April 5, 1788, Surplus of Consolidated Fund; 200,000l. of Army Savings, 1786; to be issued 10- wards the Supply. 43,053l. 4. x. 10 d. of Army Savings in 1786 and 1787, to be applied towards the extraordinary Expences of the Land Forces in 1787. Monies arising by the Malt Act, Land Tax Act, Loans, 3,500,000l.; further Loans, 2,000,000l.; Lottery Act; 589,162l. 15 x. 2d. 2 q. remaining in the Exchequer April 5, 1788, Surplus of Consolidated Fund; 200,000l. Army Savings 1786; and 44 2,545,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund; shall be applied (with the Residue of the Produce of the Sal: 46 ot French Prizes) to the Uses hereafter expressed; 2,236,000l. for Naval Services; 175,407l. 5x. in/. " for Augmentation of Naval Forces, fmee Sept. 18, 1787; 18,300l. ox. 8 d. for the Expence of the Office of Ordnance, on Account of the late Armament; 419,407l. os. id. for the Charges of the Office of Ordnance, for 1788; 2,038,852l. ux. 8 d. towards maintaining the Land Forces, &c. for 1788, viz. 44 36,093 /. 15 s. for Subsidy to the Landgrave of fdcjje CajJ'cl, for 1788; 59,878 /. 4l. for the Charge of the 4C late Armament at the War Office; 598,637 /. 2 s. 10 d. for the Charge of 16,982 effective Men, Officers, 44 07. in Great Britain, &c. 315,865l. 19l. id. for Forces in the Plantations, &c.; 8,758 L 14*. gd. 44 for Difference between British and Irish Establishments, &c.; 11,292l. 13 s. for Regiments serving in the Raft ladies; 6,427 /, ox. 6 d. for the Pay of General and Staff Officers, &c.; 4,273 /. is. 2d. for supernumerary Officers, &c.; 60,863l. 6 s. 8 d. to the Paymaster General, Secretary at War, £7.; 44 28.490 /. 1 x. for the Charge of two Troops of Horse Guards, and two of Grenadier Guards, to Junei^ 44 1788. 19, 294l. 11 j. 6d. for the Charge of two Regiments of Life Guards, to December 24, 1788, 44 3,768l. 12 s. 6d. for Compensation to the reduced Officers of Horse Guards, and Horse Grenadier Guards; 28,000l. for repaying Admittance Money to the Privates of the Horse Guards; 223l. 17;. 44 for Allowances to the Officers, &c. of the reduced Horse Guards, &c.; 55,092l. iox. for reduod Officers of British American Forces; 3,302 /. i±s. id. for Officers late in the Service of the States General; 173,833l. 1 x. 9 d. for Chelsea Hospital; 9,978l. 14 x. xd. for Widows; 172776l. 3l. for reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines; 4,007 /. 10 s. for reduced Officers of the British American Forces; 437,004l. 18 x. 6d. for extraordinary Expences of Land Forces; 2,500,000l. to discharge Exchequer Bills of 27 Geo. 3. 1,500,000l. more to discharge Exchequer Bills of 27 Geo. 3. 1,500,000l. 44 more for paying off Exchequer Bills, 27 Geo. 3. 58,166l. to make good a like Sum issued from the Civil List for Services abroad; 20,000l. for the Works at Carlton House; 60,000l. for discharging the Debts of the Prince of Wales; 101,000l. for the same Purpose; 17,496l. 14*. 6d. issued in pursuance of Adressts of the House of Commons; 25,000l. towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House; 5,845l. 6 s. for the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia; 4,300l. for the Civil Establishment of New Brunswick; 1,900l. for the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John in America; 2,100l. for the Civil Establishment of Cape Breton; 1,182l. iox. for Newfoundland; 4,080l. for the Bahama Islands; 580l. for the Chief Justice of Bermuda - 600 /. for the Chief Justice of Dominica; 2,877l. iox, for the Civil Establishment of New South Wales; 13,000l. for repairing Forts in Africa; 4,000l. for Military Roads and Bridges in Scotland; 24,145 /. 5 x. 8 d.\ 7. for extraordinary Expences of the Mint; 44 1,394./. ^x. for Prosecution of Offenders against the Coin Laws; 4,510l. 12l. for Money issued to the Secretary of Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses of American Loyalists; 1,000l. for Money issued to the Secretary of Commissioners for enquiring into the Lodes in East Florida; 2,111l. 44 ox. 6 A. for Money paid to T. Dundas and J. Pemberton Esquires; 60,491 /. 4X. for Money issued for the Relief of American Civil Officers, &c.; 14,234l. 8 x. for Money issuea on Account to American Sufferers; 2,982l. 12l. id. for Money issued for Fees to the late Attorney General, &c. of Nova Scotia9 44 (Ac.; 2,652 /. 7 x. 3 dm for Money issued to pay Bills drawn by the Governor, &c. of New South Wales; 44 815l. 13 x. 6 a. for Money issued to James Mouatt; 4,5 33 I. 6 s. 6 d. for Money issued to Henry Bradley Esquire; 6pol for Money issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners of Publick Accounts; c,oooo/. for Money issued to* the Commissioners, &c. of the Land Revenues; 30,083l. 10 x. 2 d. 2 q. for Money issued to Duncan Campbell Esquire; 8,058 /. 15 x. id. 2 q. for Money issued on Account of the Trial of Warren Hajlings Esquire; 2,000l. for securing the Harbour of Catwater; 89,899 /. s x. c d. 1 q. for the Deficiency of Duties on Tea; 21,816l. ys. 6d. 3q. for Deficiency of Annuities, 31 Geo. 2. 68,89c/, 44 x6x. 8 d. 1 q. for Deficiency for Annuities, 18 Geo. 3. 143,614l. 13x. 10 d. 2q. for Deficiency for Annuities, 20 Geo. 3. 178,144l. 10 x. for Deficiency for Annuities, 23 Geo. 3. 76,362l. 8 x. o </. 3 y. for Deficiency for Annuities, 24 and 25 Geo. 3. 63,671 /. 18 x. id. 3 q. for Deficiency of Grants for 1787. Supplies not to be applied to any other Uses than are directed by this ActE By 27 Geo. 3. Cap. 23. a Sum not exceeding 172,776l. 12 s.6d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers, for 1787. Over- plus Monies, above fetisfying Half Pay Officers, to be disposed of to Officers who were maimed, in the late Wars, or to Officers Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direct.*

421

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27, 28.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for reducing the Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, into this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by a Treaty of defensive Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and Preamble, their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces, signed at the Hague the fifteenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it is, by the tenth Article thereof,

agreed, That until the two Powers conclude a Treaty of Commerce with each other, the Subjects of the Republic shall be treated, in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as the most favoured Nation;

and the same shall be observed in the United Provinces towards the Subjects of his Britannick Majesty,

with an Exemption in the said Article, that it shall not extend to a Diminution of the Import Duties pav able upon Linens;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellant Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, there shall be paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, his He rs and Successors, on the Importation of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except Linens), into Great Britain) from any of the Dominions in Europe of the States General of the United Provinces. and which Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, shall be of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of those Dominions, the following Duties; (that is to say,) Such and the like Duties respectively as are now payable on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of the like Nature and Descriptions, particularly set forth and enumerated in the Table marked (C), annexed to an Act, made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, fn Act for reheating the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in Ben thereof^ and for applying the said Duties, together with the ether Duties composing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the P rench King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt))

and which Goods it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain directly from any of the Dominions in Europe of the said States; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and upon all other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of the said Dominions (except Linens) which may be legally imported or brought into Great Britain) the lowest Duties which are now payable by Law on the Importation into Great Britain of the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, from any other foreign Country or State in Europe.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the due Exportation of any the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively, upon which the lowest Duties have been paid on the Importation thereof, as aforesaid, to Places on the Exportation to which a Drawback is now allowed, the Exporter shall be paid and allowed the like Drawbacks as are allowed upon the Exportation from Great Britain of the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into Great Britain from any other foreign Country or State in Europe.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties and Drawbacks, charged and allowed by this Act, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, as the Duties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in general are raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to exempt certain Licences, granted to Stipendiary Curates, from Stamp Duties.

'Good 1 (<?* cept Linen*) of ih<* Growth or Manwfa^ure of the Europe All Dominion* of the United Province?, be imported into Gieac Britain, on Payment of the Duties payable on like Good}, as frt forth inTable (C), annexed to 17 Geo. 3. C. 13. and all other Good* (except Linens) which may be legally imported, on Payment ofibt L weft Duties on like Goods from any foeign European Country. Exporters of Good*, for which the lowtftDutiea have been paid, to be allowed the usual Drawbacks.

Duties and Drawbacks under this Act, to be levied and paid as Dutiee and Drawbacks are by Alls in force on July 5, 178S.

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of their late preamble;

Majesties King William and Queen Mary (intituled, An Act for granting to their Majest ies several reciting Duties upon Vellum) Parchment) and Paper) for four Ttars% towards carrying or Pthe War against F ranee), 5 Gul. & Mar.* 4 it was enacted, That for every Skin or riece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which c.a»}

suiy Licence that should pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or

any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever, should be engrossed or written, there should be paid the Sum of five '

Shillings: And whereas, by another Act of Parliament, made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign 9Gul.0.15;

of his said late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) further Duties upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment) and Paper)) another Sum of five Shillings was imposed upon all such Licences: And whereas by another Act, made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne (intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties 12 Ann*, Star. 4 on Soap and Paper* and upon certain LinenS) Silks) Calicoes, and Stuffi) and upon Starch) and exported *c 9

Coals^ and upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for rai/ing one million four hundred thousand

422

cd 6 Geo. i«

c. 4.

The Dutiei imuofed determined by the recited Act« on Licence# granted byArcb-bnho^i, &c. to Ccafc with respect to Licences to S ipendia’jr Curates in which the an-ausl Amount of the Stipend is infer ed.

[Preamble.]

East India Company empowered to borrow 1 *00,0001, on Bond, beyond what they may now legally borrow.

Preamble* toGeO'ft. c. 28.

Jtrrtiee* of the Teare m «y, at the General or Qjirter S»lfi ns, gi anr Li et res foi tbs Ferfc*frti-. nee »f (Mays, dire. under the ReArifliost iLsrcin speci/ied*

C. 28 - 30. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Pounds, by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty's Supply; and for Allowances on exporting made Wares rf Leathery Sheep Skins, and Lamb Skins \ and for Distribution of four thousand Pounds due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun Money \ and to arlju/l the Property of Tickets in former Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted to her Majesty), a further Sum of five Shillings was imposed upon all such Licences: And whereas by another Act of Parliament, made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First (intituled An act for enabling the South Sea Company to increase their prefrit Capital Stock and Fund, by redeeming such Publick Debts and Incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for raising Money to be applied for I'jfining several of the Publick Debts and Incumbrances \ and for calling in the p relent Exchequer Bills rt maining uncancelled; and for making forth new Bills in lieu there f, to be circulated and exchanged upon Demand at or near the Exchequer), the said several recited Duties were made perpetual: And whereas the said several Duties have been found very inconvenient and burdensome to Stipendiary Curates appointed by Licence to perform the Office of Curate in a Parish Church, upon the Nomination of the Redfor or Vicar thereof/ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Praliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand feveil hundred and eighty-eight, every such Licence, so appointing any Stipendiary Curate, in which the annual Amount of the Stipend shall be inserted, that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be freed and exempted from any of the said herein-before recited Stamp Duties; and such Licence shall and may be available, and given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond.

WHEREAS it is expedient, in Consideration of the present State of the Affairs of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, that the said Company should be enabled to issue Bonds for the Purposes of their Trade, and for discharging sundry Demands to which they are liable, to a larger Amount than they are now by Law authorised to do :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lbiited Company to borrow Money upon, and issue Bonds under their Common Seal, as the Affairs of the said United Company may require, not exceeding the Sum of one million two hundred thouGmd Pounds beyond the Bum for which the said United Company may now by Law issue their Bonds.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Restrictions therein contained.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, certain Penalties and Punishments were inflicted on every Person who should, for Hire, Gain, or Reward, act, represent, or perform, or cause to be acted, represented, or performed, any Interlude, Tragedy, Comedy, Opera, Play, Farce, or other Entertainment of the Stage, or any Part or Parts therein, except as in the said Act is excepted: And whereas divers Acts of Parliament have since been solicited and obtained for divers Cities, Towns, and Places, for exempting them respectively from the Provisions of the said Law: And whereas it may be expedient to permit and suffer, in Towns of considerable Resort, theatrical Representations for a limited Time, and under Regulations; in which,

nevertheless, it would be highly impolitick, inexpedient, and unreasonable, to permit the Establishment of a constant and regular Theatre iMay it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the farm. Tout it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Liberty, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, at their Discretion, to grant a Licence to any Person or Persons, making Application for the same by Petition, for the Performance of such Tragedies, Comedies, Interludes, Operas, Plays, or Forces, as now are, or hereafter shall be acted, performed, or represented at either of the Patent or Licensed Theatres in the City of IFtfilwiri/lery or as mall, in the Manner prescribed by Law, have been submitted to the Inspection of the Lord Chamberlain of the King’s Household for the Time being, at any Place within their Jurisdictions, or within any City,

'Town, or Place, situate within the Limits of the same, for any Njumber of Days, not exceeding sixty Days, to commence within the then next six Months, and to be within the Space of such four Months as shall be specified in the said Licence* so as there be only one Licence in use at the same Time within the Jurisdiction so given, and so as such Place be not within twenty Miles of the Cities of London, Westminster,

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31^—33. 423

or Edinburgh, or eight Miles of any Patent or Licensed Theatre, or ten Miles of the Residence of his Ma- '

jesty, his Heirs or Successors, or of any Place within the same Jurisdiction, at which, within iix Months preceding, a Licence under this Act shall have been had and exercised, or within fourteen Miles of either of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or within two Miles of the outward Limits of any City, Town, or Place, having peculiar Jurisdiction; and so also as no Licence under this Act ftull have been had and exercised at the same Place, within eight Months then next preceding' any Law or Statute for the Punishment of Persons employed in theatrical Representations to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That no such Licence shall be granted by the Justices as aforesaid, to be ex- Licrn^i not t* ercifed within any City, Town, or Place, having peculiar Jurisdiction, unless Proof shall be made that be granted with the Majority of the Justices acting for such peculiar Jurisdiction, have, at a puldick Meeting, signed in *nJ p,acc. their Consent and Approbation to the said Application, or unless an express Condition shall be therein 5i,’lur

inserted, that the same shall not be valid and effectual until it shall have been approved by the Ma- Ihe’

jority of the Justices of such peculiar Jurisdiction, at a Meeting holden expressly for taking the same into Content of the Conuderation. Majority of the Justices acting for such Jurisii&ioiu

III. Provided also, That no such Licence shall be granted by the Justices aforesaid within any City, No Lice nee to be Town, or Place, unless Notice shall have been given by the Person or Persons applying for such Licence, ^WeekV at least three Weeks before such Application, to the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Civil Officer or Of- N^tict be given ficers of such City, Town, or Place, of his or their intending to make such Application. the Mayor, &c.

previous to App'lealion for a Licence.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Ceifion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

[Continued for a Year longer.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for vetting the Estates of Edward Henvill in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise payable on the Importation and Exportation of "Wine (except Wine the Produce of thz European Lomimons of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King o\ Spain)i and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excite upon foreign green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King imported directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on white Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to his Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the everal Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compofptg the rublick

c Revenue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Gcr ls^ JVares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French Kingj into this Kingdom: and for applying certain un-claimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, certain Duties of Customs and Excise are charged and imposed respectively upon Wine

imported or brought into Great Britain, and certain Drawbacks are allowed respectively upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that the said several and respective

Duties and Drawbacks, so far as the same respectively relate to Wine imported or brought into Great Britain, or exported from Great Britain, except Wine of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, should Cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, or allowed, and that other Duties should be charged and imposed on the

Importation thereof, and other Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation thereof from Great Britain \ be It therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, he several Duties of Customs and Excise, charged, and imposed by the said recited Act upon Wine imported or brought into Great Britain, except upon Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French

%3 Geo. III. 3K King,

[Preamble.]

27 Geo. 3. c. IJ« recited.

From Sept. if 17S8, the Duties imposed and the Drawback* allowed by the recited Act, to cease on all Winca, except

424 33*

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

on Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, &c.

Arrears of Duties and Penal-tie? recoverable*

This Act not to extend to the Duties of Package, Sc c.

In lieu of the Duties of Custom» repealed, the following to to levied, viz*

King, Rhcnish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spam, and the several Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, shall ceaie and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, or allowed; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof reflectively, which may, on the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said firlf Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or any wife alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the Paid City for the Time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or any wife alter

- the Prizage of Wine, or the Duty called Butlerage, or to any special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law; but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in lieu and instead of the Duties of Customs hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon all Wine imported or brought into Great Britain, except Wine of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhcnish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Atadeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, the several Duties of Customs herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For all Wine (except French Wine, &c.) imported in a British-built Ship into the

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine, except "Wine of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhcnish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions o. the King of Spain, imported or brought into the Port of London, in a British-built Ship, owned, navigated* and registered according to Law, a Duty of twenty-nine Pounds and eight Shillings:

Part of London, 291. 8$. per Ton:

Imported in a fr-reign Ship, into the Port of London, 3 31. 125. per Ton t Imported in a Briiift) Ship into any other Port in Great Britain, 25I 4s.persons

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into the Port of London, in a foreign Ship, a Duty of thirty-tftree Pounds and twelve Shillings:

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before excepted), imported or brought into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London) in a British* built Ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, a Duty-of twenty-five Pounds and four Shillings:

Imported in a For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before foreign Ship in- excepted), imported or brought into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London) in a foreign in Great^Bri rt Ship, a Duty of twenty-nine Pounds and eight Shillings:

t*in, 29 1. 8 s. per Ton:

Imported into the Fort of London in a British-built Ship, and entered for Piix-

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine hereinbefore excepted), imported or brought into the Port of London in a British-built Ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and entered for Prizage, a Duty of twenty-one Pounds eleven Smliings and ten Pence:

age, 211. lit* 10 d. per Ton:

Imported into For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein before the Port of L«n- excepted), imported or brought into the Port of London in a foreign Ship, and entered for Prizage, a Duty Ship^and enm- of tfcenty-four Pounds fix Shilling and nine Pence:

ed for Prizage, 241. 6 s. 9d« per Ton:

imported into For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before any other Port excepted), imported or brought into any Port of England (except the Port of London) in a British-built Ship, British builtn* owned, nav:gated, and registered according to Law, and entered for Prizage, a Duty of eighteen Pounds Ship, anden- sixteen Shillings and ten Pence:

tered for Piizage, 18 1. 16 8. 10 d* per Tun:

Imported in’o For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty, two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-

any ether Pert before excepted), imported or brought into any Port of England (except the Port of London) in a

foreign Ship!* foreign Ship, and entered for Primage, a Duty of twenty-one Pounds eleven Shillings and ten and entered for Pence:

Prizage, ill. 11 s. iod. per Ton 1

For every Ton For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-

French wineCpt before excepted), being in Bottles exceeding three Dozen, or in a Calk or Casks exceeding ten Gallons in

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33- 425

Quantity* sent Coastwise or by Land Carriage into the Port of London or the Members thereof* or to any Place whatever wirhin the Distance of twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, to be paid to the proper OlHcers of the Customs neared to the Place from whence such Wine is intended to be removed, a Duty of four Pounds and four Shillings.

tic.) sent Civile, or by Land Carriage, within soMiles of Lon* don,41. 4». if

removed in a Quantity exceeding three dozen Bottles, or ten Gallons in

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Exportation of any Wine* On the Export* -whereon the Duties of Customs charged and impoied by this shall have been duly paid* there shall be fh*bt* paid or allowed, to the Exporter or Exporters of any such Wine,- the several and respective Drawbacks of anowed*ihe f©l-the Duties of Customs herein after mentioned; that is to lay, lowing Draw-

backs, vis.

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except Wine of the Produce of For every Ten the European Dominions of the French King, Rhcriiyh, Germany and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira (except French Wine* and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain), which shall Wine> &c*) j®* have been duly imported into the Port of London, and which shall be duly exported to any British Colony or Plantations in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, a Drawback, of twenty-nine and exported to* Pounds and eight Shillings: British Colony

in America, or a British Settlement in the East Indies, 29 1. 8 s.; and.

For every Ton* containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before if exported to excepted)* which shall have been duly imported into the Port of London, and which shall be duly exported *"y o-her Place, from thence to any Place other than a British Colony or Plantation in America, or a British Settlement in the East Indies* a Drawback of twenty-four Pounds thirteen Shillings and six Pence:

For every Ton, containing two hundred and tilty-twj Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before For every Ton exceptad), which shall have been duly imported into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London), imported in*o and which Dull be duly exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settle- Gr^Bri* ment in the East Indies, a Drawback of twenty five Pounds and four Shillings: |"in ctr."

ported to any British Colony in America, or British Settlement in the East Indies, 25 1. 4s.; and,

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before if exported to excepted), which shall have been duly imported into any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London), «ny «»tper Place, and which shall be duly exported to any Place other than a British Colony or Plantation in America* 10 ’9*' or any British Settlement in the East Indies, a Drawback of twenty Pounds nine Shillings and six Pence:

For every Ton* containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before For every Ton excepted), which shall have been duly imported into the Port of London* and entered for Prizage, and imported into which shall be duly exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement *he PwofLoa-in the East Indies, a Drawback of twenty-one Pounds eleven Shillings and ten Pence: fcrVrUage^ni

exported to any British Colony in America, or British Settlement in the East Indies, 211. tit 10 d.; and

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before if exported to excepted), which shall have been duly imported into the Port of London, and entered for Prizage, and any olher which shall be duly exported to any Place other than a British Colony or Plantation in America, or any 17 17 1 British Settlement in the East Indies, a Drawback of seventeen Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Penny: -

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before for every Ton, excepted), which shall have been duly imported into any Port of England (except the Port of London), into any other and entered for Prizage, and which shall be duly exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America* Jcred for Pr!«" or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, a Drawback of eighteen Pounds sixteen Shilling and ten age, and Pence: ed to any British

Colony in America, or British Settlement in the East Indies, 18 I. 161. iod. and*

For every Ton* containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein- if exported to before excepted), which shall have been imported into any Port of England (except the Port of London), any o^er Place* and entered for Prizage* and which shall be duly exported to any Place other than a British) Colony or 15 *0l*7d* Plantation in America, or any British Settlement in the East Indies. a Drawback of fifteen Pounds and seven Pence.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of September in lieu of the one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in lieu and inicead of the Duties of Excise hereby repealed, Dunes of Excise there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money* rePa,ed» there without any Discount whatever, upon all Wine imported or brought into Great Britain (except Wine of k*11 be paid, the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King or Spain), the following Duty of Excise; that is to say, E or every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty- ForeyeryTon two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain, of WmRimpote-and so in Proportion for any greater or lelier Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing *t"in (er*ept thereof, a Duty of seventeen Pounds and seventeen Shillings. French Wines,

4cc.) 171.17

426 C. 33.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Exportation of any Wine, whereon the Duties of Excise charged and imposed by this Act shall have been duly paid, there shall be paid or allowed to the Exporter or Exporters the several and respective Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise-herein after mentioned; that is to say.

On the E*f>ort-§ i‘«n Wine

for which the

- f Excise have been

the f\ Lowing Drawbacks to be allowed 1

For every Ton (except French Win*-, fee.) ex« yorfed to any British Colony in America, or Bri'ilh Settle-jnen* in 'he Raft Indies, 14 1. 75.

For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except Wine of the Produce of the European Domini ms of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Huigay Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, for which all the Duties hereby imposed in re I pc el thereof shall have been p.-id, and which shall he exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in the East Indies, and (o in Proportion for any greater or idler Quantity, a Drawback of fourteen Pounds and seven Shillings: '

and for every. For every Ton, containing two hundred and fifty-two Gallons of Wine (except the Wine herein-before Ton expor ed a« excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties hereby imposed in respect an rClsher F!ac° thereof shall have been paid, and whidi shall be exported from Great Britain as Merchandize to any other bcyo°d the Sms, ^>ort or ^ace beyond the Seas, and so in Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity, a Drawback of five 5 1. ,4 Pounds and thirteen Shillings.

Duties imposed, nd Drawbacks allowed, by this Act, to be nu> raged to the former Duties were, &c. except hereby altered.

Penalties, Scc, foi B each of any Af\ in f* rce ©o Sep*. I, 1788, ter securing the Duties of Cuf-torm or Excise, to extend 10 this Act.

Acts in force on Sept. 1, 1788, for securing the Duties of Customs and Excise, Jfcc. to continue in lorce.

From July 1788, the Dutiei Jrrpofd by ’he recited on foreign green Glass Bottles imported, to cease, sod in lien thereof, there shall be p«id an additional Duty on Customt of 41. n*. for

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties of Customs and Excise by this Act charged and imposed, and the several Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs and Excise by this Act1 allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act), in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods, by which the former Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wine, and Drawbacks of Duties of Cuitums and Excise upon Wine, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the said Wine, so by this Act respectively made liable to trie Payment of, or chargeable with. Duties of Customs and Excise, or so entitled to Drawback Duties of Customs and Excise, according to the Directions uf this Act, shall b *, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Redactions, and Forfeitures 'respectively to which Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in general were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said hr ft Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, respecting the Revenue of Customs and Excise (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act); and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever, committed against,.or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, made for securing the Duties of Customs and Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Directions therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this Act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs and Excise, hereby charged and allowed upon Wine respectively, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, by which any Conditions, Rules, Regulations, or Restrictions, were made, established, or directed for the better securing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or for the regular Importation into, or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coastwise, or from Port to Port within the same Kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever (except where any Alteration is exprdsly made by this Act), shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repealed and re-enacted in this present Act.

IX. ‘And whereas by the said Act made and passed in the said twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Duties of Customs and Excise are respectively charged and imposed on foreign green Glass Bottles, imported or brought into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient that the Duties of Excise granted by the said Act, should be repealed, and that an additional Duty of Customs should be charged and imposed upon foreign green Glass Bottles, imported or brought into this Kingdom :* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, the Duties of Excise, charged and imposed by the said recited Act upon foreign green Glass Bottles imported or brought into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and that there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paia to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, an additional Duty of Customs of four Shillings and

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 427

one Farthing upon every one hundred Weight, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, of green Glass every nalb. of Bottles of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported or brought into £rcen G,act Great Britain directly from thence, either in built Ships, or in Ships of the Built of the European Manufafl^re of

Dominions of the French King; which said additional Duty, so charged and imposed by this Act, shall be thelemopean raised, levied, cohered, and paid, in such and the like Manner, and under and subject to the like Rules, Dominion of Regulations, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in all Respects as the present Duty of Custo.ns, ihcFren hKing, upon foreign green Gla(s Bottles imported or brought into Great Britain, are now raised, levied, collected, *Port;d into and paid. Great

X. And whereas Coaches, Chariots, Landaus, Berlins, Chaises, and other Carriages of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, are, by the Laws now in force, subject on Im- portation into this Kingdom to a Duty of twenty-seven Pounds ten Shillings for every one hundred Pounds of the Value thereof: And whereas such Articles of British Manufacture are considered, when imported into the European Dominions of the French King, as Sadlery, and charged as such with a Duty only of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the Value thereof; and it being expedient that those Articles should be mutually imported into each Kingdom on ecjual Duties;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day'of July one thousand seven hundred and From July 5/, eighty-eight, until the tenth Day of May which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred, 1788,10 May and no longer, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great I.°», Ro°* ^ar* Britain, either for Sale or otherwise, directly from France, or from any Place in the European Dominions j^riTd *rom of the French King, in Br/tifi-built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, the European or in French-built Ships or Vessels, owned by, and belonging wholly to, the Subjects of the French King, Domin on< of and whereof the Mailer and three Fourths of the Mariners at the least are the Subjects of the French King, the French King, any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, or any other Carriage whatever, on Payment of a Duty of ®Q^ay^Je,n\o1 fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, and no more; which Duty shall be *or 10V1. managed, afeertuined, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in of the Value such and the like Manner, in every Respect whatever, as the Duties payable by Law on such Goods, on thereof, or immediately before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, answered, recovered, appropriated, and applied; and the said Goods, lo imported as aforesaid, and the Importer or Importers thereof, shall be subject and liable to every Rule, Regulation, and Restriction, and to every Pain, Penalty, and Forfeiture whatever (except where any Alteration is express.y made by this Act), to which such Goods, or the Person or Persons importing the same, would have been subject or liable in case this Act had not been made.

XI. And whereas by an Act made and passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for encouraging the dressing and dying of Woollen Cloths within this Kingdom, 6 Ann. c.

by laying a Duty upon Broad Cloth exported white, a Duty of tWe Shillings was directed to be paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for every white Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported out of this Kingdom into foreign Parts: And whereas by an Act made and passed in the twenty- seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of a7pco 3»«»

Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with jecilc<i*

the other Duties comp sing the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Impo tat ion of certain Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and fir aj plying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; the said Duty, imposed by the said Act, so made and passed in the said sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was repealed, and in lieu

thereof a Duty of five Shillings and six Pence the Piece was imposed on the Exportation of white Woollen Cloth commonly called Broad Cloth: And whereas Doubts have arilen whether the said Duty of five Lift recited Act* 4 Shillings and six Pence, so imposed as aforesaid, is not now payable upon any Woollen Cloth, if white, not although the same may have been dyed or dressed in this Kingdom :* Be it therefore enacted by the Au- Woollen Cloth thority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited Act, so made and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the dye<i or dressed* Reigd of his present Majesty, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to charge with Duty any here, with any. white Woollen Cloth, on the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom into foreign Parts, provided the same. Dul? on E*-shall have been dyed or dressed in this Kingdom. portation.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties imposed by this1 Duties under thir

Act shall be appropriated and applied in like Manner as the Duties granted by the before recited Act, made 7aoted

and passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were appropriated and Uftieuied applied.^ Ad.

XIII. And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An x c«o. 3.,c. 1+

Ati for the Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, the hereditary Revenues of the Crown, and other Revenues granted to his late Majesty King George the Second, for defraying the Expences of his Majesty's Civil Government, were made Part of*

the Aggregate Fund, and a certain Revenue granted out of the said Fund to his Majesty during his Life;

but in the said Act it is provided and enacted," That the several and rel'pedive Duties and Revenues which were payable to his late Majesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

for and during his Life, shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the Life of his present Majesty, in the same Manner only, and subject to the same or the like Charges thereon, as the same were.

liable or subject to during his said late Majesty's Life; saving always to all and every Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (other than to out said sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and other than to such Person and Persons

428

*7 Geo. 3.C. 13.

her? ‘hairy Revrnur* of the Crown in S« ct-hnJ/^c. graU-r d to K11 g

Ce< rpc the Se

cor.d, to be at his prrfent Mi-DifpuUh

[Preamble.]

*6 Geo. a. c. 6. recited.

From July 1788, in addition to the Particulars authorised by the recited Act, the principal Officer of the Cush tw, &c. to demand of the Commander of any Ship the further Pattuulars herein Specified.

Commander*

giving untrue

Ar fwert td

forfeit 20c 1*

Notice of Regulation* in force touching Qut-

C. 33, 34. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

who may, or do stand seised or possessed in Trust for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors), all such Rights, 1 itles, Estates, Customs, Hereditaments, and other the Premises aforesaid, or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had at the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Put poles, as if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repealin'* the fever a I Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting* ether Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties compojtng the Publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed Atonies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; the hereditary Revenues of the Crown, and the other Revenues granted to his late Majesty King George the Second during his Life, for defraying the Expences of his Civil Government,

were made Part of a Fund called The Consolidated Fund, during his present Majesty's Life; And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether in the last recited Act the hereditary Revenues of the Crown, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and the other Revenues there reserved to his Majesty,

by the before recited Clause of the Act made in the first Year of his Majesty's Reign, are sufficiently saved and reserved to his Majesty during his Life; in order therefore to obviate and remove all such Doubts,’ be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the hereditary Revenues of the Crown in Scotland, and other Revenues there granted to his late Majesty King George the Second during his Life, and reserved to his present Majesty during his Life, by an Act made in the hrft Year of his Majesty's Reign, do belong to, and are at his Majesty's Disposal, as provided for by the said Act, and that the Civil Litabi.lhment in Scotland shall continue to be paid in future, in like Manner as it has been paid heretofore; any Thing contained in the before-mentioned Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to tae contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs.

WHEREAS by an Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man), various Provisions are made,

Authorities are given, and Penalties are imposed, for effecting the Purposes intended by the said Act:

And whereas it is expedient to make further Provisions to oblige Ships and Vessels more effectually to perform Quarantine ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in Addition to the Particulars which the principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs, or such Person as Hull be authorised to fee Quarantine duly performed, is authorised and required, by the said recited Act, to demand an Account of, from the Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of any Ship or Vessel, which shall attempt to enter into any Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or the Ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Alan, and of which Particulars so demanded, the said Commander, Matter, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, is required, by the said recited Act, to give a true Account of, under the Penalties by the said Act inflicted; the said principal Officer of his Majesty's Customs, or such Person as shall be authorised to fee Quarantine duly performed, shall, and is hereby required to demand of the said Commander, Mailer, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel; and the said Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, upon such Demand, give a true Account of the following Particulars; (that is to say,) Whether his Ship or Vessel touched at the Isle of Rhodes, the Morea, or any Part of the Coast of Africa within the Mediterranean or the Levant Seas, or the Port of Alagadore; or whether any of the Ship’s Company, or any other Person on board his Ship or Vessel, had, during the Voyage homewards, in any Manner whatever, any Communication with any Ship or Vessel coming from any of those Places ? What Pilot or Pilots, or other Persons from the Shores of the Kingdom of Great Britain, the Islands of Scilly, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, have been on board his Ship or Vessel, or had any Communication with his Ship’s Company in any Manner whatever during the Voyage homewards ? And whether any of his Ship’s Company had been sick, and of what Disorder, in the Course of the Voyage, or were so at the Time the Particulars are demanded ? And in case such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, upon such Demand as aforesaid, give an untrue or false Answer to any of the Particulars required by this present Act, such Commander, Master, or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered, disposed of, and applied in like Manner as the Penalty inflicted by the said recited Act, for not making a true Discovery of the Particulars required thereby, may be recovered, disposed of, and applied.

II. And whereas by the Laws now in force it may be deemed necessary, in certain cases, that the Person or Persons offending against the same should have actual Notice of the Orders in Council of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, touching and receding Quarantine: And whereas it is frequently im-

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 34.

possible to prove such actual Notice * therefore be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary to give any actual Notice of any Order or Orders of his Majesty in Council, or of any Regulations therein contained, which are now in force touching and re (peeing Quarantine; and that it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, by any Order or Orders in Council hereafter to be made, to limit and fix a Time or Times, after which the Publication of such Order or Orders in the London Gazette shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned, of all and every such Order or Orders in Council of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Commander, Master, or other Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall and is hereby required, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, in case of meeting or falling in with any Ship or Vessel at Sea, or within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to hoist a particular Signal, to denote that his Vessel is liable to Quarantine; such Signal, for the Day Time, to be a large yellow Flag at the Main Top-mast Head; and for the Night Time, to be a Light at the same Malt Head; on Failure whereof, such Commander, Master, or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel, so liable to the Performance of Quarantine, shall forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Often e committed contrary to, or in Breach or Violation of, the said herein-recited a£or this present Act, or any Order or Orders of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, now or hereafter to be made in his or their Privy Council, touching or respecting Quarantine, and notified by Proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined, in any County within Great Britain, or in the proper Courts of the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively.

V. And whereas certain Vessels and Boats, after Seizure and Condemnation for Offences against the

Revenue of Customs and Excise, are now by Law liable to be broken up, and the seizing Officers are rewarded with a Moiety of the Produce of the Materials thereof, after deducting the Charges of Con- dt conation-aid Sale: And whereas the Reward of the seizing Officers in such Case is in general very trifling, and in fume Inftunces the Charges of Condemnation and Sale have exceeded the Produce: And whereas it is expedient that Officers of tue Customs and Excise should have a proper Encouragement to induce them to use their utmost Endeavours to fei/.e such Vessels and Boats be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eigr.ty-eighc, the Commissioners of Ins Majesty's Customs and Excise in England for the Lime being, or any tour or more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required respectively, out of any Monies in their Hands, aiiiing from his Majesty's Share of Seizures, to reward any Officer or Ofhctisot the Customs and Excise, who foall seize any Vessel or Boat, which by Law shall be liable to be broken up* after Condemnation, and (half not be used »n his Majesty's Service, in the following Manner; (that is to lay,) they shall respectively reward, and cause to be paid to such Officer or Officer:, the Sum of ten Shillings ptr Foil, according to the legal Admeasurement thereof, for all such Vessels and Boats as shall exceed four 'Lons by Admeasurement; and the Sum of forty Shillings for every such Boat winch shall not exceed four Tons; and also one Moiety of the Produce of the Materials of such Vessels and Boats reflectively, after deducting therefrom the Charges of Condemnation and Sale.

VI. And whereas it happens in some Cases, that Vessels seized and condemned under the Laws of Customs and Excise for illicit Practices, which are now by Law directed to be broken up, if not sold to the Navy, or to the Customs or Excise, are not constructed or tit for the Purposes of Smuggling, and may be useful as trading Vessels ;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall appear to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively, that any Vessel under Seizure by their Officers respectively, and which, on Condemnation, is now by Law liable to be so broken up, is of such Built and Construction as not to be proper or calculated for Smuggling, but shall, in their Judgment, be fit and suitable to be used and employed in fair mercantile Trade; in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to cause every such Vessel to be sold after Condemnation, instead of being broken up; and the Produce arising from such Sale shall be disposed of and applied in like Manner as the Produce of Vessels seized i>y the Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, and which were not liable to be broken up, were heretofore fold, and the Produce thereof disposed of and applied.

VII. And whereas it is expedient, under certain Circumstances, to permit and allow the Delivery of Goods or Commodities, upon Security, which shall or may be seized in pursuance of any Act or Atfts of Parliament made in Great Britain relative to the Trade and Revenue of the British Colonies and Plantations in America y be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Goods or Commodities shall be seized as forfeited, by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, mow or hereafter to be made in Great Britain, relative to the Trade and Revenue of the said Colonies sind Plantations in America, it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges of any Court having Jurisdiction to try and determine such Seizures, to order the Delivery of such Goods or Commodities, on sufficient Security by Bond being given to answer double the Value of such Goods in case of Condemnation, such Security to be good and sufficient, and to be taken to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by and in the Name of the Collector of his Majesty's Customs in whose Custody the said Goods may be lodged.

VIII. And to the End that such Security may be good and sufficient, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs shall, previous to the Execution of the

429

rantine, not necessary to fce given.

Publication in the Owiere of future rder$ in Council, to be fuflkientNorice#

From Jan. 1, 17S9, Ships T able to Quarantine to hoist a Signal, of the Description herein specified, on Penalty of 2001.

Offences may be tried in any County in Great Britain, Scc.

From Tune 24, 1788, OrtTers if the Customs and Excise lei*-ing Vessels liable to be broken up, to be rewarded as herein mentioned.

Commissionera of the Customs and Excise may cause fei£ed Vessels, not conltrulted for Smuggling, to be sold instead of broken of*

Goods feiaed under any Act relative to the Trade of the British Colonies in America, may be delivered. on Security being given to answer d >uble the Value,

Directiont with regard to-taking such Security, Ac*

43° C. 34. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

The Ctfe# lit which Good* may be delivered.

From Aug. f, 1783, Boats of the within Description, if found within four leagues of the L*nd, cr upon Land, in Great Britain,

and Boa'i o‘ the Built herein specified, to be forfeited.

Boat* of *4F*et,

of a Proportion greater than one Inch in Depth to one Foot in Length, may be feiz d.

Bond, make drift Inquiry into the Sufficiency of the Sureties proposed to be bound; and if the said Collector and Comptroller shall find them of Ability to answer the Sum or Sums in which they are about to become bound, they shall then certify the same in Writing to the Judge or Judges of such Court respectively; and upon the Production of such Certificate, if the Judge is also satished with the Sufficiency of the Sureties proposed, the Bond shall and may be 'executed, but not otherwise; which Bond shall be delivered to, and kept in the joint Custody of the said Collector and Comptroller; and in ca»< the Goods or Commodities for which such Security shall be so taken as aforesaid, shall be condemned, the V alue thereof shall be paid into the Hands of such Collector, conformably to the Condition of the Bond, who shall thereupon, with the Consent or Privity of his Comptroller, cancel the Bond so given as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declare !. That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise or permit the Delivery of any Goods or Commodities whatever, but only in Cases where the same shall be perishable, or where the Informer or Prosecutor shall delay coming to as speedy a Trial as the Course of the Court in which the Prosecution shall be commenced, and the Nature of the Circumstances, will permit; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in cale any open Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty's Subjects, and being of the Length of twenty-three beet and upwards, built and conflicted for rowing or failing, or for rowing and failing, the Length of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of three Feet and an Half to one Foot in Breadth, to be measured by a (traight Line from the fore Part of the Stem to the act Side of the Transum or Stern-post aloft, shall be found, either upon the Water, within any Port of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or Member or Creek thereof, or within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or in any Place upon Land in Great Britain, such open Boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and in case any open Boat, which shall be built for rowing or failing, or for rowing and fading, belonging in the Whole or in Part to any of his Majesty's Subjects, and being of the Length of eighteen Feet, and under the Length of twenty-four Feet, from the fore Part of the Stem to the act Side of the Transum or Stern-post aloft, and the Depth of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of one Inch and one Quarter of an Inch to every Foot in Length, such Depth to be taken from the upper Part of the Plank next the Keel, to the Top of the upper Strake, whether such upper Strake shall be fixed to the Boat, or shall be used as loose or (hifting Wash Strakes, such Boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, together with the Ship or Vessel to which such Boat shall belong.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all open Boats belonging as aforesaid, of twenty-four Feet and upwards, the Depth of which shall be greater than in the Proportion of one Inch to one Foot in Length, such Depth to be taken as herein-before mentioned, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Act not to extend to Boits belonging to the Natj* &€

7 k 8 Gul. 3.

c. »z. -

*6 Geo. 3. c. 60.

Mailer* malici-ciufly detaining CeqjJjcatei of to

so^fticol on Conviction.

XII. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to forfeit any Boat on account of her Built, belonging to, or employed in the Service of his Majesty's Navy, Vi&uailing, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post-office, or which is used on any Canal or inland Navigation, nor to any Boat whatever, the Owner of which shall have a Licence from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, of the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, if such Licence shall be actually on board such Boat at the Time of her being detained or examined; nor Boats which shall be constru£led and built with Timbers and Plank not less than the following Scantling; (videlicet,) An open Boat from twenty to twenty-five Feet in Length, having Plank three Quarters of an Inch thick, and Timbers one Inch and one Quarter*of an Inch square; from twenty-five to thirty Feet in Length, having Plank one Inch and one Eighth of an Inch thick, and Timbers two Inches square; from thirty to thirty-five Feet in Length, having Plank one Inch and three Quarters of an Inch thick, and Timbers three Inches square; from thirty-five to forty Feet in Length, having Plank two Inches thick, and Timbers four Inches square; from forty to

fifty Feet in Length, having Plank two Inches thick, and Timbers five Inches square; from fifty Feet and upwards in Length, having Plank three Inches thick, and Timbers six Inches square. i

XIII. And whereas it has been found that Matters of Ships and Vessels have wilfully and maliciously

detained and refused to deliver up Certificates of Registry, granted in nurfuance of an Act made and patted in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade)-, and also of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for the further Increaf and Encouragement of Skipping and Navigation), to the Prejudice of the Owner or Owners of such-Ships and

Vessels; for the remedying whereof in future/ be it further enacted, That on Complaint made on Oath

(by the Owner or any of the Owners of any Ship or Vessel whole Certificate of Registry shall be so detained and refused to be delivered up) of such Detainer and Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace redding near to the Place where such Detainer and Refusal shall be, either in Great Britain, or in the Blands of Jer/ej, j

Guernsey, or Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Bland, or Territory, to his Majesty belonging, in America, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such j

Master to be brought before him to be examined touching such Detainer and Refusal; and if it shall appear ]

to the said Justice, on Examination of the Master or otherwise, that the same is not lost or mislaid, but is \

wilfully and maliciously detained by the said Master, such Master shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and on Failure of Payment thereof, within the Space 1

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 35. 431

of two Days after such Conviction, he shall be committed to the common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as the said Justice shall, in his Discretion, deem proper, not being lcfs than six Months, nor more than twelve Months,

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice, and he is hereby just;,e<may required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause Search to be made for such Certificate; and iir.e Warrant* to if the same shall be found, the said Justice shall cause the same to be delivered to the Owner, or such of the farch f,.r jOwners as shall have made the same Complaint; and if the same (haihiot be found, the said Justice shall, f*’*4*nd and he is hereby required to certify the aforesaid Detainer, Refusal, and Conviction, to the Person or Persons who granted the last Certificate of Registry for such Ship or Vend, who fnaM, on the Terms and Condi- to the Person tions of the said Acts being complied with, make Registry of such Ship or Vessel de novo, and grant a Cer- who p/aired the tificate thereof, conformably to the Directions of the said Acts, notifying on the Back of such Certificate Certificate*, the Ground upon which such Ship or Vessel was so registered de novo, beg^cT*

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to enable hh Majesty to make such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of his Majesty's Subjects and those of the Most Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts of the Wand of Newfoundland.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by the thirteenth Article of the Treaty concluded at Utrecht on the fourth Day of

April, New Stile, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, between her Treaty of late Majesty Queen Anne and the Most Christian King Louis the Fourteenth, it was, among other Uuecht ucited. 4 Things, agreed, That the Island called Newfoundland, with the adjacent Islands, should, from that Time forward, belong of Right wholly to Britain-, and to that End the Town and Fortress of Placentia, and whatever other Places in the said lstand were in the Possession of the French, should be yielded and given 4 up, within seven Months from the Exchange of the Ratification of that Treaty, or sooner if possible,

by the Most Christan King, to those who had a Commission from the Queen of Great Britain for that Purpose; nor should the Most Christian King, his Heirs or Successors, or any of their Subjects , at any Time thereafter, lay Claim to any Right to the said lstand and Islands, or to any Part of them; moreover, it should not be lawful for the Subjects of France to fortify any Place in the said lstand of Nexvfound- land, or to erect any Buildings there, beftdes Stages made of Boards, and Huts necessary and useful for drying of Fish, or to resort to the said lstand beyond the Time necessary for fishing and drying Fifn:

That it should be allowed to the Subjects of France to catch Fifti, and to dry them on Land, on that Part only, and in none other besides that Part of the lstand of Newfoundland, which ft retches from the Place called Cepe Boncruifla, to the Northern Point of the said lstand, and from thence running down by the 4 Western Side, and reaches as far as the Place called Caps Riche: And whereas, by the fifth Article of the Treify of Pant Treaty of Peace, concluded at Paris on the tenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty- lecited.

three, between his Majesty and the late Most Christian King Louis the Fifteenth, and his Mott Catholick Majesty, it was, among other Things, agreed, that the Subjects of France should have the Liberty of fishing and drying on a Part of the Court of the lstand of Newfoundland, such as is specified in the thir- teenth Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, which Article is confirmed and renewed by the present Treaty:

And whereas, by the fifth Article of the definitive Treaty of Peace, concluded at Versailles, between his Treaty of Ver- Majesty and the Most* Christian King, on the third Day of September one thousand seven hundred and recited.

eighty-three, it was, among other Things, agreed, That his Majesty, the King of Great Britain, should be maintained in his Right to the lstand of Newfoundland, and to the adjacent Islands, as the Whole were afiured to him by the thirteenth Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, excepting the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, which were ceded in full Right, by the said Treaty of the third Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, to his Most Christian Majesty; and that his Majesty, the

Most Christian King, in order to prevent the Quarrels which had before then arisen between the two

Nations of England and France, consented to remove the Right of Fidling which belonged to him in virtue of the aforesaid Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, from Cape Bonavijla to Gape Saint feint, situated on the Pattern Coast of Newfoundland, in fifty Degrees North Latitude, and his Majesty the King of Great Britain cotifented, on. his Part, that the Fishery assigned to the Subjects of his Most Christian,

Majesty, beginning at the said Cape Saint John, passing to the North, and descending by the Western Coast of the lstand of Newfoundland, should extend to the Place called Cape Rage, situate in forty-leven

Decrees and fifty Minutes Latitude: The French Fishermen should enjoy the Fishery which was assigned to them by the said Article, as they had the Right to enjoy that which was assigned to them by the Treaty,

of Utrecht: And wltereas, by a Declaration delivered by his Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary to his Declarant oJv

Most Christian Majesty, bearing Date also on the said third Day of September one thousand seven hundred the French and eighty-three, his Majesty engaged not only to insure the Execution of the last mentioned Treaty of 3>

with his known good Faith and Punctuality, but to give all possible Efficacy to such Principles as may rc"U

prevent Difptne; and, that the Fishermen of the two Nations may not give cause for daily Quarrels,

Wi.s pie a fed to engage that he would take the most positive Measures for preventing his Subjects from interrupting in any Manner, by their Competition, the Fishing of the French, during the temporary Ex-

ci cif thereof which is granted to them upon the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland, and that he

432

His Majetf, by Actict ol Council, may give such Orders to the Governor of Newfoundland, &c. as shall be deemed proper to fulfil the Purposes of the Treaty of Versailles, and the Declaration of the French King, above recited.

Persons refusing to conform to the Directions of the Governor, to forfeit 200l.

How Penalties are to be recovered and ap-pl cd.

Limitation of Suits,

[Preamble,

The King*i

Printer to provide such Number of Registers at shall be required j and to transtnit them to the Clerks of the Peace for each County in England and Wales by March 5, »7»9>

C. 35, 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

would, for that Purpose, cause the permanent Settlements which should be formed there to be removed; and that he would give Orders that the French Fishermen should not be incommoded in the cutting of Wood necessary for the Repair of their Scaffolds, Huts, and Fishing Boats; and that the thirteenth Article of the Treaty of Utrecht, and the Method of carrying on the Fishery which had at all Times been acknow-'

lodged, should be the Plan upon which the Fishery should be carried on there, and that it should not be deviated from by either Party, the French Fishermen building only their Scaffolds, confining themselves to the Repair of their Fishing Vessels, and not wintering the re; the Subjects of his Britannick Majesty,

on their Part, not molesting in any Manner the French Fishermen during their Fishing, nor injuring their Scaffolds during their Absence: And whereas it is expedient, in conformity to the Definitive Treaty of Peace and the Declaration aforesaid, that his Majesty's Subjects should be prevented from interrupting in any Manner, by their Competition, the aforesaid Fishery of the Subjects of his Most Christian Majesty,

during the temporary Exercise thereof which is granted to them on the Coast of Newfoundland; and that all permanent Establishments on that Part of the Coast allotted to the French Fishermen should be removed; ajid that such Fishermen should be in no Manner molested, contrary to the Tenor of the said Treaty, and the good Faith thereof: In order, therefore, that his Majesty may be the better enabled to carry the said several Treaties and Declarations into faithful and punctual Execution, and to make such Regulations as may be expedient, respecting the Fishery, in the Manner herein after mentioned,* be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by Advice of Council, from Time to Time, to give such Orders and Instructions to the Governor of Newfoundland, or to any Officer or Officers on that Station, as he or they shall deem proper and necessary to fulfil the Purposes of the Definitive Treaty and Declaration aforesaid; and, if it shall be necessary to that End, to give Orders and Instructions to the Governor, or other Officer or Officers aforesaid, to remove, or cause to be removed, any Stages, Flakes, Train Vats, or other Works whatever, for the Purpose of carrying on the Fishery, erected by his Majesty's Subjects on that Part of the Coast of Newfoundland which lies between Case Saint %John, passing to the North, and defending by the Western Coast of the said Bland to the Place called Cape Rage? and also all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, belonging to his Majesty's Subjects, which shall be found within the Limits aforesaid, and also, in case of Refusal to depart from within the Limits aforesaid, to compel any of his Majesty's Subjects to depart from thence $ any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary. notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse, upon Requisition made by the Governor^ or any Officer or Officers acting under him, in pursuance of his Majesty's Orders or Instructions as aforesaid, to depart from within the Limits aforesaid, or otherwise to conform to such Requisition and Directions as such Governor, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall make or give, for the Purposes aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so refusing, or otherwise offending againttthe lame, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered in the Court of Session, or Court of Vice Admiralty in the said Island of Newfoundland, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; one Moiety of such Penalty to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue or prosecute for the same: Provided always, That every such Suit or Prosecution, if the same be commenced in Newfoundland, shall be commenced within three Months, and if commenced in any* of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within twelve Months from the Time of the Commission of such Offence-

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

WHEREAS the Laws now in being for ascertaining the Rights of Persons claiming to vote at the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and for the Dominion of Wales, have by Experience been found inadequate: And whereas it is highly expedient to prevent, in such Elections, Disputes, Delays, Uncertainty, and Expence: And whereas 4 k would greatly contribute to the Prevention of the said Evils, and to the ascertaining of the Rights of the said Persons, if proper Registers of Freeholders were to be by Law established: And whereas it would be much for the Ease and Convenience of the Generality of Freeholders, if they were to be enabled to cause their Names to be enrolled therein, without being obliged to travel to a great Distance from their respective Habitations for that Purpose :* Be it therc\)re enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the King’s Printer shall provide, for every County in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for every County in the Dominion of Wales, such Number of Registers as he (in Manner herein after mentioned) shall, by the Clerk of the Peace of each such County (Riding or Division) respectively be required to provide; and every such Register shall be of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N° 1; and eaca and every such Register shall contain a Copy of this Act, printed by the King’s Printer, in the Roman Letter, or in the Roman and Itailck \ and there shall be an Abstr2<3: of this Act printed in the Margin of every such Copy; and the King's Printer shall, on or before the fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred 3 and

433

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36.

and eighty-nine, deliver such Registers for cause the same to be safely delivered) to each such Clerk of the Peace respectively; and every such Clerk of Lie Peace shall, on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven Hundred and eighty-nine, deliver one such Register (or cause the same to be safely delivered) to each Person hemn-afrer authorised to ?tt as a Regiflc'r-keeper within such respective County, and such Register-keei'er shall, and is hereby required to sign a Receipt for the same, of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N* 2.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be, for each and every Parish in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in the Dominion of JVahs, a Register-keeper, and that (inasmuch as there arc, in some Pars of this Kingdom, Parishes of a large and inconvenient Extent, but which are subdivided into Districts) every Subdivision of a Parish, or every particular Dittrich (whether Township, Quarter, Hamlet, Parochial Chapelry, Constablewick, or other) fir which a separute and distincSb Collector or Joint Collectors of the Land Tax, is or are now appointed, shall be deemed to be a separate and distinct Parish for all and every the Purposes of this Act, but for no other Purpose; and that the Person who shall collect the Land Tax for each Parish (or District) as aforesaid respectively, shall be Register-keeper for such Parish (or Di(fridf), and he is hereby required to act as such; and where there shall be, for any Parish (or District) as aforesaid. Joint Collectors of the I/and Tax, the Person rirft named for Collector in the Instrument appointing such Joint Collectors, shall be the Itegitier-keeper for such Parish (or District); and in case of the Death, Hinds, or Absence of the Person so lirft named, then the next Person authorised by Law to act as Collector, shall and is hereby authorised and required to act as Pvegiiler-kteper for such Parish (or District); and if at any Time there shall be no Land Tax granted and aflcllable, or in case of the Death, Illness, or Absence of every Person authorised by Law to collect the Land Tax in any particular Parish (or District) as aforesaid, or if at any Time there shall (from any other Cause) be no Person authorised by Law to collect the Land Tax in any such Parish (or District), then and in every such Case, the Constable or Constables of such Parish or District (or other Officer or Officers executing or performing the same or the like Duty as that of Constable) shall, and is or are hereby required to act as Register-keeper for such Parish (or District) as aforesaid; and every Person who shall act as Register-keeperas aforesaid shall anti is hereby required careful’-; to prefene the said Register, which shall be called the " Register of Freeholders'* for

[specifying the Parish or District as aforesaid], and the said Register of Freeholders shall be safely delivered to the Successor in Office of such Register-keeper; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person having, in any County aforesaid, a Freehold Estate or Fltates within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall have a Right to cause his Name to be enrolled in the Register of Freeholders for the Parish (or District:) as aforesaid, within which the Whole or any Part of such Estate or Estates shall lie, or out of which the Whole or any Part of such Estate or Estates shall issue, upon making personal Application for that Purpose to the Register-keeper of such Parish (or District) as aforesaid; and if any Register-keeper shall be duly qualified, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to have his Name enrolled in the Regiftef of Freeholders in his Custody, it shall be lawful for him to enrol his own Name in such Register.

III. And whereas it would be expedient that Freeholders, residing at a Distance from the Parish or Place within which their respective Freeholds shall lie, or out of which the lame shall issue, should be enabled to cause their Names to be enrolled in the Register of Freeholders aforesaid, without their being obliged to

travel to such Parish ;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Freeholder of any County aforesaid, who shall reiide (or shall be) within such County, or within any other County of Great Britain^ to cause his Name to be enrolled in the Register of Free, holders aforesaid, in rl.c following Manner; (that is to say,) Such Freeholder shall produce, to any Justice of the Peace for the County where such Freeholder shall reiide (or shall then be), an Attestation of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N* 3, which Attestation shall be (worn to and subscribed by such Freeholder before such Justice, and such Justice is hereby empowered and required, upon Request being made to him by such Freeholder, to administer such Oath " gratisf and to iign the jurat at the Foot thereof (and unless the Justice, who shall iign the said Jurat, shall be a Justice of the reace for the County in which the Estate of such Freeholder shall lie, or out of which trie same shall issue, an Oath of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N# 4, shall be written or printed at the End of the said Attestation; and the said Attestation shall be produced to some Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Estate of such Freeholder shall lie, or out of which the same shall issue; and the Person producing such Attestation to such Justice shall, before such Justice, take and subscribe the said last mentioned Oath; and such Justice is hereby empowered and required, upon Request being made to him by such Person, to administer such Oath " gratis f and to sign the Jurat at the Foot thereof); and any Attestation as aforesaid being afterwards produced to the proper Register-keeper aforesaid, the Freeholder whose Estate is’described in the said Attestation shall be as fully entitled to have his Name enrolled in such Register of Freeholders, cs if such Freeholder were personally to apply as aforesaid to such Register-keeper for that Purpose; and such Attestation shall be left with such Register-keeper, who is hereby required to depiand the same to be so left: And the Register-keeper shall deliver 44gratis" unto every Person who shall produce to him any such Attestation as aforesaid, a Copy of the Enrolment which shall be made in consequence of such Attestation being so produced, provided that the said Copy shall be demanded on the Day on which such Attestation shall be so produced. '

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Freeholder, above the Age of eighteen Years, to be enrolled in any Regiftef of Freeholders aforesaid, provided such Person shall have a Freehold Estate within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and

Clerk of the Peace to deliver a R.*g:ftrr 10 e.ch Rfg: itrr kf rpsr before April 5, 17c9.

Each Parish to have a Remitter keeper;

and every Subd* ifmn r f a Parish, for wb*ch ihc*e is a dtdineb Coiletter of the Land Tax, :o ue deemed a distinct Parish.

Collector nf the Land Tax to bj the Register-keeper.

If at any Time there

should be no L.»nd J ax ft?an.e I, or it 1 he Co;-leOor (hill die, &c. or no Coiled br appointed, ttfe 0->ntlable to be the Re^ifler-keeper.

Register-keeper to preface the Reglft/r, and deliver it to his buc-ccliou

Every Freeholder to hard a Right to be enroll'd in the Re^-fter for the Parish where h s Estate, or Part thereof, ih.ll lie, and Register-keepes, if qualified, may enrol therafehes.

Freeholder! rrfidinj at a Distance from their Freehold*, may be en-rJled by an Attestation on Oith before a Justice of the County in which they ielidr, who is to sign the Jurat to the Attestation.

If the Justice be not a

Magistrate for the County where the Freehold lies, the Attestation must be produced to a Justice of that County; and the Person producing it must make and fjoferibe an Oath at the Foot thereof.

On such Attestatior'e being produced to the Register-keeper, the Freeholder ii entitled to be enrolled.

Attestation! to be left with the Remitter-keeper, whs is to give x Copy of the Enrolment, if demanded the same Day.

Freehrlden above iS Year of Age, entitled to be enrolled, on re-quelling so to be.

434

P-eiders to contain the M «tters in Schedule N° i.

No Repiftfr kfper to have an, jud ci*l Power resprO ng ,nv Qu?rt»on ot R'gbc to Fnrola e«it; b it is to enrolevery Ferson who applies according to this Act. R^ift-r-keeper to sign Enrolment?, but nt t compellable to make any before April 6, 1789, or on a Sunday, &c* Freehold? may exa-nire Enrolment?, and require the Rep, irt?r-keep-;r to sign them. Enrolments to be made gratis.

After July 10, 1795, bo Person to vo.e for a Knitht of the Shiie until he makes the following

Declaration*

C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

provided such Person shall (by personal Application, or by Attestation, as aforesaid) request toSe enrolled; and every such Person shall be as fully entitled to be enrolled, and shall, in case of a Refudd, have the same Remedy or Remedies, as any other Freeholder*

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of Freeholders aforesaid shall contain the Matters and Things in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N° 1, particularly specified; and that no Register-keeper, authorised to make Enrolments in pursuance of this Act, shall have any judicial Power or Authority whatsoever, with respect to any Question which may arise relative to the Right of any Person to be enrolled within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; but every fucrkRegifter-keeoer shall, and is hereby required to enrol (or in his Presence to cause to be enrolled) the Name of every Person who shall (by personal Application, or by Attestation as aforesaid, and at the Dwelling-house of the proper Register-keeper, on any Day, and at a seasonable Hour) request to be enrolled in the proper Register of Freeholders aforesaid; and the Register-keeper who shall make any such Enrolment (or who shall cause the same in his Presence to be made) shall, and is hereby required to sign such Enrolment; but no Rt gifter-keeper as aforesaid shall be compellable to make any such Enrolment before the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a Christ mas-day, or on any Day set apart by Authority (or general Fasting or Thanksgiving; and every Freeholder, or other Person as aforesaid, who shall (in cither Manner aforesaid) make Application for any such Enrolment to be made, shall have the Right to be present, and to examine whether the same be correctly entered in the 'Register of Freeholders, and shall likewise have the Right to require that the said Register-keeper should sign the said Enrolment forthwith in the Presence of the Person making such Application; and every such Regi Iter-keeper shall and is hereby required to make every such Enrolment "gratis"

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Person shall be permitted to vote at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for any County aforesaid, until such Person shall have made the following Declaration; (videlicet),

T Do declare, That my Name is A.B. and that I am [/pacifying

the Addition, Profession, or Trade of such Person] and that the usual Place of my Abode is at " [and if it be a Town consisting of more Streets than wt,

then fbccifyin* in what Street] in the County of and that I am enrolled in the

Register of Freeholders for [ specifying the Parish or District in the Register

cf Freeholders for which such Person is enrolled] in the County of and that

i really and truly have in the said Parish or District [or in the said Parish or Distriif, and in specifying in what other Parish or Dislritt, if the Case shall so he, in the

4< hid County] an Estate of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above the Interest of any Money secured by Mortgage upon the said Estate, and also ovrer and above all Rents and Outgoings payable out of, or in respeift of the said Estate, other than parliamentary, publick, or parochial Taxes; and that the said Estate consists of {Specifying whether the same confijU of

Lands, or of Mejjitage, or of Tythes, or of an Office or of a Rent Charge: and if the said Estate coiijzft of Lands, or of Mffiuage, or of both, then naming some Occupier of such Lands or Messuage; or if the "said Estate consist of an Office, then naming the same]; and that I am in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of the said Estate for my own Use; and that I do [or, do not, as the Case my 44 be] vote in virtue of a Lease [and if it be in virtue of a Lease, then specifying the Date of the said Leajt, and the Chrijhan Names and the Surnames of the Parties thereto]; and that I have not been polled before at this Election; and that, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, I am of the full Age of twenty-one Years, and have in my said Estate a Freehold,"

KoPeson to vote *ho

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said tenth Day of July one f not been enrolled a thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Person (except as herein after excepted) shall have a Right to vote car* at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shrire to serve in Parliament for any County aforesaid,

without having been enrolled, as herein-before mentioned, in some Register of Freeholders within such Person* tendering Wtet County, at least twelve Calendar Months before the Day on which such Person shall tender his Vote atto make ;he following such Election; and every Person (except as herein after excepted) who shall after the said Day tender his Vote at any such Election as aforesaid, shall, before he be permitted to vote at such Election, make the following Declaration:

Declare ion* T Do declare, That I have been enrolled at least twelve Calendar Months in the Register of Free-

holders for {Specifying the Parish or Dislritl in the Register of Freeholders for

which such Person is enrolled] in the County of and that I have, by myself or

others, been for at least twelve Calendar Months last pad in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits, for my own Use, of the Estate for which I claim to vote at this Election."

Person> to »hom Free-

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person (withhold* Auli havectmeby out having had his Name enrolled for twelve Calendar Months as aforesaid) shall claim a Right to vote at Death, Office, wany such Election as aforesaid, in virtue of a Freehold Estate which shall have come to him either by the before Tendering the l! Death of any Person, or by Promotion to any Benefice or to any Office, or by Marriage, such Person shall Vote*, to be entitled to have a Right to vote for such Estate, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding, vote, if theii N*me* provided that the said Freehold Estate shall have come to him within two Years before the Day on which he

3oole

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36.

shall tender his Vote, and provided the Person so claiming to vote shall have had his Name enrolled as herein-before mentioned, in the Register of Freeholders for some Parish (or District) within the County, before the Tfine when he shall tender his Vote; and cv ry such Person who shall, alter the said tenth Day of "July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, tender his Vote at any such Election as aforesaid, shall, before he be permitted to vote at such Election, make (instead of the Declaration tail above-mentioned) the following Declaration; (videlicetJ

T Do declare. That the Estate for which I claim to vote at this Election came to me within two Years lad pa ft, by the Death of. [Jpeci)Yin?> ^)€ Christian Xante and the

Surname of the Perfjti by whose Death the Person claiming to vote shall have acquired such Estate, 0/ ] by Promotion to the Benefice of [cr] by Promotion to the Office of

[or] by Marriage with [as the Case may /*.]"

But no such Person as aforesaid, whose Name shall have been enrolled as aforesaid less than twelve Calendar Months, shall be permitted to vote, unlesstuch Person (moreover) do produce to the Sheriff (or other Person who shall by Law be authorised to take the Poll at such Election) a Copy of his Enrolment, and such Copy shall be left with the said Sheriff (or other Person authorised to take the Poil), who is hereby required to demand the said Copy to be so left.

IX. And whereas Inconveniencies might arise, if Persons not having any Freehold Estate, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, were to cause their Names to be enrolled in any Register of Free- holders as aforesaidbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall ^(by personal Application, or by Attelhtion) cause his Name to be enrolled in any Register of Freeholders which shall be kept in pursuance of this Act, without such Person actually having, at the Time of such Enrolment, a Freehold; or if such Estate shall not (at such Time) he of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above the Interest of any Money secured by Mortgage upon the said Estate, and also over and above all Rents and Outgoings payable out of, or in respect of the said Estate, other than parliamentary, publick, or parochial Taxes; or if the Whole or some Part of the said Estate shall not lie in the Parish for District) in the Register of Freeholders for which such Person shall have cauled his Name to be enrolled, or issue out of Lands or Tenements within such Parish (or District); or if such Person (at the Time of the making of such Enrolment) shall not be, by himself or others, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of such Estate for such Person’s own Use; or if-any Person who shall cause his Name to be enrolled in any such Register of Freeholders shall be possessed of no Freehold Estate, but of such as shall have been granted to him fraudulently, or in which his Interest shall be nominal or fictitious; or shall, upon personal Application to be enrolled, mif-stateany of the Particulars directed by this Act to be specified in his Enrolment; every Person who shall be found guilty of any of the said Offences shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall vote at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for any County aforesaid, in virtue of any Estate which shall not be a Freehold, or without being of the full Age of twenty-one Years, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain to any Candidate for whom such Person shall not have voted at the said Election, and who shall first sue for the said Forfeiture; but if no such Candidate shall sue for the said Forfeiture within three Calendar Months after the Oftlnce shall have been committed, then the said Forfeiture shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Register-keeper authorised and required to make Enrolments in any Register of Freeholders in pursuance or this Act, shall wilfully refute to enrol therein as aforesaid the Name of any Person who shall (by perloinl Application or Attestation) request to have his Name so enrolled, then, and in such Case, such wilful Refusal being proved upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County (Riding or Divifon), it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to summon such Register-keeper to appear before him, and to shew Cause why he did so refuse to make such Enrolment; and if such Register-keeper shall not shew sufficient Cause to such Justices for such Refusal, or if such Register-keeper, being duly summoned as aforesaid, shall neglect to obey such Summons, without giving sufficient Reason for not obeying the same, such Justice shall, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, cause to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Register-keeper, the Sum of forty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, and also the full Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Sum so levied shall go and be paid to the Person who shall have been (o refused to be enrolled as aforesaid; and if after any such Distress and Sale such Register-keeper shall (on a frefti Application by such Person as aforesaid to be enrolled) again refute to make such Enrolment, such Register-keeper, being convicted thereof in Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the Person who shall have been again so refused to be enrolled, the Sum of ten Pounds (to be recovered in Manner aforesaid), and also the full Costs and Charges attending the Distress and Sale, and shall also forfeit to the said Person, upon every subsequent Conviction for the like Offence, the like Sum of ten Pounds (to be recovered in Manner aforesaid), and also the full Costs and Charges attending the Distress and Sale.

XII. And, for the better promulgating of this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace for every County (Riding or Division) aforesaid shall, on or before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, cause to be delivered to the different Re-

giiter-

4 35

h?ve been enrolled pri-

or to tendering t.:cn.

Such Persons to m.kc the Jolio Aing

Drchration.

But no such Person shall vote, urUfs he produce a Copy of his Enrolment, and have it with the Sheriff,

If any Person (bill cause himself 10 be emolled who has not a )"gal Freehold, or which doea not lie in the Diflritt for wlVth ’h* Enr< 1-tnent is made, «t if h« be nor in the Recci of the Rents; or if it be fraudulently ^ran*ei him; or if be (hill miffote any Parsi-cul»M thereof, he shall forfeit xol.

Persons votirg who are under twenty-one Year?, or who have not a Freehold, to forfeit. 20l.

Register keepers tefuf-ing to m ike Enrolments. and not shewing sufficient Cause for the*r Refusal to a Justice, to forfeit 40s. to the Person refuted.

and if they rerufe a second Time, to forfeit iol. and so for every subsequent Refusal,

Cleric of the Peace, by April 5, 1789, to deliver to the different Re-girter-keeperi within

436 C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 17S8.

h's Countr, printed Co* j ir» of a Notice, to be l^r 1 at the Abode of eve y Freeholder, in tkt Idid Month of April; wh'ch is also to be affixed on the Door of Cktry Church.

keeper to fub-l<r»be the Notice.

Clerk of the Peace, by April 5, 1789,^ deliver to the RegiHct-keepers Charges relative to pub-lifting the Notices, &c* to cause the Notices to be proclaimed, and to fend a Copy thereof to every New 1oaper printed within the County, in the said Month of April.

Register-keeper to lign a Receipt for the Notices.

Register-keeper*, between the first Monday in May, and first Day of June, 17S9, to deliver to every Freeholder, who has not been enrolled, the following Summon*

Register-keeper tn fub-fenbe the Summons.

Register-keeper to be ready at l,i« House on th^ fitft Monday in May 1789, vo make Enrolments j

and on the second Thursday in J une 1789.

The King's Printer to provide Books to admit Copies of Enrolments,

gifter-keepers within the said County (Rid:ng or Division) a sufficient Number of printed Copies of the following Notice, to be distributed by the said Register-keepers to all the Freeholders within the Distiicis of such Register-keepers reflectively; and the said Register-keepers are hereby required to leave {or to cause to be left) one of the said printed Notices at the usual Place of Abode of every Freeholder within th"r respective Distr'ufts, in the said Month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and cv, oiy such Register-keeper shall also, on some one or more of the Sundays in the said Month of April o.' e thojiand seven hundred and eighty-nine, affix, or cause to be affixed, on the principal Door of every Church or Ch/.pcl (if any such there be) within his respective Distritft, immediately before the usual Hour of Morning Service (or if no Morning Service, then immediately before the usual Hour of Evening Service), a Notice in the following Words-, (that is to say,) whereas, by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty- eighth Year of the Reign of ms Majesty King George the Third, intituled, ‘An Art for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, it is enacted, That no Person (except as therein excepted) shall vote at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for any County in that Part of Great Britain called England, or in the Dominion of IVaks, without having nad his Name enrolled in some Register of Freeholders within such County, atleaft twelve Calendar Months before the Day on which such Person shall tender his Vote at such Flection: Every Freeholder therefore, 41 having in any one County a Freehold Ettate of the dear yearly Value of forty Shillings, rs to take Notice 4C of the said Act, and to cause his Name to be enrolled accordingly; and the Collector of the Land Tax for each Parish or District (being by virtue of the said Act authorised and required to adi as a Register- keeper) will be ready at his respective Dwelling-house on the first Monday in the Month of may one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine (between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and of Three in the Afternoon of the said Day) for the Purpose of making Enrolments in pursuance of the said Act;" and the said Register-keeper shall subscribe his Name and his Place of Abode to the said Notice: And the Clerk of the Peace for every County (Riding or Division) aforesaid shall, on or before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, also deliver, or cause to be delivered, to each and every Register-keeper-within such County (Riding or Division) a printed Charge in what Manner he is to publish the said Notices, and also in what Manner such Register-keeper is (in other Respects) to execute this Act, which Charge shall be of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N° 8; and every such Clerk of the Peace shall cause the said Notice to be publickly proclaimed in all the principal Streets, Squares, and Places, in every Market Town within the County (Riding or Division) on some Market Day (if any such there be) in the said Month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and every such Clerk of the Peace shall send a Copy of the said Notice to the Printer of every Newspaper printed within such respective County (Riding or Division), in order that the same may be inserted in a conspicuous Manner at the Head of the lirit Column of the first Page of every such Newspaper, once in the said Month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and every Register-keeper aforesaid shall sign a Receipt for the said Notice?, of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N° 2.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient to prevent any Freeholder from being by Accident or Inattention omitted to be enrolled in the said Register of Freeholders;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register-keeper aforesaid thall, between the said first Monday in the said Month of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine and the first Day of the Month oVJune then next following, deliver or cause to be Cifely delivered unto each and every Person who shall have a Freehold Estate within the Parish (or District) of such Register-keeper, and who shall then reside within such Parish (or District), and who shall not have caused his Name to be enrolled as aforesaid in the Register of Freeholders of such Parish (or District), a printed or written Summons in the following Words; (videlicetJ By an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, it is enacted, That if you have a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings within my District, and if you shall not cause your Name to be enrolled in the Register of Freeholders in my Custody before the second Thursday in the Month of jane one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; then and in such Case you shall appear before me at my Dwelling-house on the said Day, and between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and Three in the Afternoon of the said Day, in order then and there to cause your 144 Name to be enrolled; for you will not be entitled to vote at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, in virtue of the said Freehold, without having had your Name enrolled ia *4 such Register of Freeholders at least twelve Calendar Months before the Day on which you shall tender your Vote at such Election and the said Register-keeper shall subscribe his Name and his Place of Abode to the said Summons.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Register-keeper shall, and he is hereby required to be ready at his respective Dwelling-house on the said first Monday of the said Month of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and of Three in the Afternoon of the said Day, for the Purpose of making Enrolments in pursuance of this Act: And if any Register-keeper aforesaid shall have sent any Summons as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, every such Register-keeper respectively is hereby also required to be ready at his then Dwelling-house, on the said second Thu flay of the said Month of fune one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and of Three in the Afternoon of the said Day, for the Purpose of making Enrolments in pursuance of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the King’s Printer shall provide for each Clerk of the Peace aforesaid, a Number of Books equal to the Number of Registers which he shall have provided for such respective Clerk of the Peace in pursuance of this Act, and the said Books shall be

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 437,

made in the Manner specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N* 7, and shall be so bound as to admit Leaves containing Copies of Enrolments as herein after mentioned, to be inierted therein; and shall also provide a Number of Blank Forms of Enrolments (according to the Form specified in the Schedule, N° 1, hereunto annexed, but printed on single Half Sheets) equal to the total Number of Forms of Enrolments contained in the whole Number of Remitters which he shall have provided for each such Clerk of the Peace respectively: And the King’s Printer shall, on or before the said fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, deliver (or cause to be safely delivered) the said Books and blank Forms to each such Clerk of the Peace respectively; and each Clerk of the Peace aforesaid Iliad, on or before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty* rrne, distribute (or cause to be properly distributed) one Half of the said blank Forms, amongst all the Register-keepers within the County (Riding or Division) of such Clerk of the Peace; and each such Register-keeper shall, and is hereby required to sign a Receipt for the same, of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N° z.

|rfter-keepers, who are to

and to trmfmif them to the CUrks of the Peace;

a^d a Ho hVnlc Forms of Pi ruin e.-'t; on Half t*, tru »j1 to the Number of Forms of Ein im:M! coma ned in the Rollers, on or before March 5, 17S9.

Clerks (.f the Peace, bJ A v:r l 5, 1789, to Ui-flribute Hail the blank Forms amongst the Re* Receipts for them*

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register-keeper (or Person of- Register keeper* to

firiating as such as aforesaid) shall, previous to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be *n^!<e Copies of the En-held for the County (Riding or Division) in the Month of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, up0Tthe blank Forms' make (or cause to be made) upon the blank Forms of Enrolments on single Half Sheets, mentioned in this and deliver them 10 he Act, an exact and correct Copy of each and every Enrolment contained in the Register of Freeholders in Clerk ofth? Peace at the his Custody, and of the progressive Number of every such Enrolment, and shall carefully examine the said Q«uer Sessio »n July Copies with the corresponding Enrolments in the original Register, and shall carry and deliver the said after-

Copies to the Clerk of the Peace at the said General Quarter Sessions, and shall then and there declare upon January and

Oath (or upon solemn Affirmation, if he shall be one of the People called Quakers) that tire said Copies are July yearly, to deliver exact and true Copies of the respective Originals; and every Register-keeper shall twice in every Year of- in like Manner Copie* ter wards (namely, in the Month of January and in the Month of July of every subsequent Year) carry and l^c Enrolment* mad* deliver to the Clerk of the Peace, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall then be held year* JnYaJf" hick for the County (Riding or Division) a Copy of every Enrolment that shall have been made in the Register Attentions as may of Freeholders in his Custody, in the Half Year immediately preceding each such General Quarter Sessions have been leit with * respectively, and shall then and there verify such Copy or Copies upon Oath (or Affirmation) as aforesaid* them},

and every Copy aforesaid shall be made gratis; and every such Register-keeper shall at the same Time also

deliver unto such Cleric of the Peace every Attestation which shall have bedn left with such Register-keeper

as aforesaid; and if no Enrolment shall have been made in any Register of Freeholders as aforesaid, since and a signed Notice/if

ihe last Copy which shall have been delivered to the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, then and in such Case »o Enrolment ha* been

such Register-keeper shall deliver (or safely transmit, sealed up) unto such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid a made*

Notice, of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N° 5, which Notice shall be signed by such Register-keeper.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Clerk of the Peace shall c,"k ?f*he Peafftfo carefully l^eepall Copies of Enrolments received by him from any Parish (or District) as aforesaid, and (for {^lnJenti jn^Bo^k* the better preserving the same) shall cause one of the Books, of the Form specified in the Schedule here- and if any Enrolment* unto annexed, N# 7, to be intitled with the Name of such respective Parish (or District) as aforesaid, and or Attestation* be want--shall cause every such Copy to be passed in such Book on the Front of the Leaf having the same progressive in£* or if.hc A*11 not Number as is contained in such respective Enrolment; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall carefully exa- jj*YmTiment *or No.r mine all the progressive Numbers of such Copies, and all Attestations by him received as aforesaid; and if °ice atwii^to give

iupon such Examination) it shall appear that any such Copy be wanting; or if (from a Comparison of the Nome thereof to the lid Attestations with the Copies of the Enrolments of Persons absent at the Time of Enrolment) it shall Register-keeper, appear that any such Attestation be wanting; or if such Clerk of the Peace shall not have received from each and every Register-keeper either a Copy of some Enrolment* or else a Notice as aforesaid of no Enrolment having been made; then in each and every such Case the said Clerk of the Peace shall give Notice thereof unto the Register-keeper herein-before directed to deliver (or safely transmit) such respective Paper to such Clerk of the Peace, and the said Clerk of the Peace shall repeat such Notice as aforesaid as^ often ay the Case shall reciuirc it; and every Clerk of the Peace aforesaid shall and is hereby required carefully to and be it to preserv* all preserve all such Books as aforesaid, and likewise all Attestations and Notices which shall or may have been Books, &c. to be deli-delivered to him or to any of his Predecessors in Office, in pursuance of this Act; and all such Copies, vaed to bn Succefor* Books, Attestations, and Notices as aforesaid, shall be safely delivered to the Successor in Office of such Clerk of the Peace-

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register-keeper aforesaid shall, Register-keeper» in the Month of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety (and also in the Month of May in every fol- or June 1790, and so lowing Year) carefully examine all the Enrolments entered in the Register of Freeholders in his Custody - annually, tocarfy.lfc* and if any Person whole Name is enrolled therein shall be then dead, or shall have disposed of his Freehold Jv8/

Estate within such Parish (or District), tnen and in either of the said Cases such Register-keeper shall, in the such Persons a* shall be Olid Month of May (or in the Month of June then next following), and he is hereby reauired to carry the dead, or shall hate dir-laid Register to some Justice of the Peace for such County (Riding or Division), and shall at the same Time poled of their F*ehold<, carry to such Justice a true Copy of the Enrolment of every Person who shall be dead, or who shall have *°’a JusticeP disposed of his Freehold as aforesaid; and such Justice (upon the Application of the said Register-keeper) m*, orahumsand* shall, and is hereby required to fillup the Blanks in the Memorandum at the End of such original Enrol- cgn hi< Name thereto, inent in the Register, and to fill up the Blanks in the Memorandum at the End of the said Copy, and to and the Renter-keeper sign his Name at the End of each such Memorandum; and the said Register-keeper shall, in the Month of 10 deliver the Copie* July then next following, carry and deliver such Copy to the Clerk of the Peace at the General Quarter \heCQ<

Sessions

438

Clnk nf the P<race tn

p >i'if thr C pie* to the p- p« r Uo< k', »>n *hc li ck of he Lr: vt? hays' i: thf fa me Nunr\*icri 3* th- Enr lIrrM-nt,

N Entclioem io be c a.ed.

The Votri hf PersonB t n itled 10 !lent Chirges cr Annui \ci, not r<j be y.nid, unkf* the Directions of 3G1O.3. c. 24. he rot'plied w'.t h. Perf.-ns voting by riitue of Lea'es to cauf? a Memorial of the L?afe to be entered with iheCWk of the Peace be'ore the Kiel ion, containing the Da'e, the Part:cs, the Linds, and »hc ila-b e n d u t

Clerks of the Peace, by April s» 1789* to provide B ’* Ic* for e"»r Hing such McniO'iah; an 1 hr pa d onr Pcnry for every 30 Wt.rds in Auh Memorial

The Sheriff o prr^de for e ch District a Book, for taking the Pill.

F-e'h( lder tovoteat the P0T1 Book of the District in which he is enroll'd.

From July 10, 1790, Sheriffs are to recede the Vote ever) Per-ftn tendering it at the proper Poll hook, and making the requisite Declaration, &c.

Pei foe* authorised to t*ke the Poll, to administer Declarations.

Sheriff to derive the Number of Votes given for each C'anei late, and, if within one H ur afterward?, one Candidate or ten Freeholders demand a Scrutiny, to proceed therein cn the Day following, unless it be Sunday, dec.

Clerk of the Peice to attend nming th' Scrutiny, with Copies of En-tolmemi, dec.

Sheriff, on Scrutiny, to rej^h ihe Votes* f Per-foi whn have not b.en enrobed, fee. pursuant |o this Act;

C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Sessions of the Peace which shall then be held for the said County (Riding or Division); and the said Cleric of the Peace is hereby required carefully to keep such Copy, and (for the better preserving the same) shall Caule such Copy to be passed in the proper Book, and on the Back of the Leaf having the lame progressive Number as is contained in such Enrolment; but no Clerk of the Peace, or Register-keeper, shall itrike out or erase any such Enrolment as aforesaid, but the same shall continue and stand upon the Register.

XIX. And whereas Rent Charges or Annuities idling out of Freehold Lands or Tenements,'2nd gnuned for a Life or Lives, or greater Eitite, as lihcwile Leaks, are of a private Nature, and therefore liable to fraudulent Practices in the Elections of Knights of the Shire :* Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall have voted at any Election as aforesaid for or in rcl’pect of ar.y such Rent Charge or Annuity as aforesaid, such Vote shall not be valid, unless the Directions of ail AcJ shall have been complied with, that was made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent fraudulent and occafnnul Votes in the Elttiim of Knights :f the Shire, and of A'L inkers for Cities and fauns which are Counties of themselves* Jo Jar as re* lates to the Right of voting by v:rwe cj an Annuity cr Rent Charge; and that if any Person shall have voted at any Election as aforesaid in rdpett or by virtue of any Lease granted for a Life or Lives, or joint Lives or a greater Estate of any Freehold Lands or Tenements, such Vote Gull not be valid, unless a Memorial of such Lease Giall have been enrolled with the Clerk of the Peace before the hrft Day of such Election, width Memorial shall contain the Date of the Lease, the Parties thereto, the Lands or Tenements demiled thereby, and the Habendum thereof, at full Length; and every Cleric of the Peace aforesaid shall, on or before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, provide proper Book? of blank Papier for the enrolling of every such Memorial, and shall be paid at the Kate of one Penny (and no more) for every thirty Words contained in such Memorial, and shall enrol such Memorial as soon as may be alter Requisition made to him for that Purpose.

XX. And, for the more easy Detection of fraudulent Votes at Elections of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for any County aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, at every such Election, the Sheriff of the County shall, for the taking of the Poll, provide, or cause to be provided, for each PariGi (or District) as aforesaid within such County, a separate Book (or separate Paper), or separate Books (or separate Papers), of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, N° 6; and at every such Election every Freeholder shall give his Vote at some Poll Book (or Paper) provided for the Parish (or District) as aforesaid, in the Register of Freeholders for which such Freeholder shall have been enrolled as aforesaid; and every such Poll Giall be taken down in the Form and Manner specified hi the said Schedule, N° 6.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Sheriff, or other Person who shall by Law be authorised to take the Poll at any such Election as aforesaid, shall have any judicial Power or Authority whatsoever to determine the Right of voting of any Person who shall tender his Vote at such Election; but every such Sheriff, or other Person authorised to take the Poll at any such Election as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said last mentioned Day, act merely ministerially in the taking of such Poll, that is to say, he shall and is hereby required to receive the Vote of every Person who shall tender his Vote at the proper Poll Book (or Paper) as aforesaid, and who shall make such respective Declarations as are above directed to be made at such County Election, and who shall also take any such respective Oath or Oaths as shall by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force be directed to be administered at any such Election; and every Person who shall by Law be authorised to take, or to assist in taking, the Poll at any such Election as aforesaid, is hereby empowered and required to administer the said respective Declarations.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Scrutiny shall be granted or had at any such Election as aforesaid, except for the sole Purpose herein after mentioned; and at every such Election the Sheriff of the County shall, without Delay, call up, and cause to be publickly declared, the Number of Votes given for each Candidate at such Election; and if within one Hour after the said Numbers shall have been so declared, a Scrutiny shall be demanded by any Candidate, or by any ten Freeholders of the County, in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, alledging that Persons had voted at the Election who had neglected to comply with one or more of the Directions of this Act, then and in such Case, the said Sheriff shall grant such Scrutiny, and shall proceed therein on the Day following, unless such Day shall be a Sunday, a GW-friday, or a Christmas-day, or a Day set apart by Authority for general Fading on Thanksgiving (and if a Sunday, a Good-friday^ox a Christmas-day, or a Day set apart as aforesaid, then on the following Day); and the Clerk of the Peace for the County (or the Clerks of the Peace for the Ridings or Divisions within the same) shall attend the Sheriff on every Day of the said Scrutiny (and at or before the Hour of E ight in the Forenoon of each such Day), and shall carry with him or them all Copies of Enrolments which he or they is or are by this Act directed to keep, and also all Books wherein Memorials of Leases shall hive been enrolled as aforesaid, and like wife all Books ol Entries of Certificates and Memorials, kept by such Clerk or Clerks of the Peace in pursuance of the above-mentioned Act made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third; and if upon such Scrutiny it Giall appear to the said Sheriff that any Person Iliad have voted without having been enrolled in pursuance of this Act, or shall luve voted in virtue of a Lease without a Memorial of such Lease having been enrolled with the proper Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, or shall have voted for or in respect of any Rent Charge or Annuity issuing out of Freehold Lands or Tenements without having complitd with the Directions contained in the above-mentioned

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 439

Act, made and passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, then, and in every such Case, the said Sheriff shall reject the said Vote, and shall, upon the original Poll Book, and opposite to the Name of such Voter, write the Word rejected" but shall not strike out or erase but not to erase the Bo* the Kntry or such Vote in the said Poll Book. try of the Vote.

XXIII. And whereas it would be expedient that every Register of Freeholders which shall be kept in pursuance of this Act, for any Parish (or District) as aforesaid, should, at all seasonable Times, be accef- fible to every Freeholder as aforesaid, who may apply to have his Name enrolled in such Register of Free-

holders;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Register of Free- Register to remain with holders shall always remain in the Custody of the Person who shall act as the Register-keeper for such Parish the Register-keeper. (or District) for the Time being, and not upon any Occasion or under any Pretence whatever (except as herein after excepted) be carried to any Distance from such Parish (or District); and every Copy of any Copy of Enrolment* in Enrolment or Enrolments in any such original Register of Freeholders as aforesaid, which shall be proved Register to be legal £»i-upon Oath to be a true and correct Copy, by any Person who shall have carefully examined the same, shall dencei be deemed legal Evidence of such Enrolment or Enrolments; and if in any Case no such Copy, examined and also Copy kept by With the original Register of Freeholders, and proved upon Oath to be a true and correct Copy as afore- Clerk of thepe»c% said, shall (by any Witness who shall carefully have examined the same) be produced, then and in such Case [snot^uced the Copy of any Enrolment or Enrolments-which shall by any Clerk of the Peace be kept in pursuance of c. ° pr ucc

this Act shall be deemed legal Evidence of any such Enrolment or Enrolments: Provided always, That no- Register may be carried thing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the carrying of any original Regis- MHce, or 10 ihe ter of Freeholders to any Justice of the Peace for the County (Riding or Division) in the particular Cases above specified, or to prohibit the producing of any such Register at any Assizes to be held for the respective County to which such Register shall belong.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any RrgWcr*,jcc. may be Person, at all seasonable Times, to resort to, and inspect any Register of Freeholders, or any Attestation iafpe&ed on paying x«. or Attestations, which shall be kept by any Register-keeper aforesaid: or any Book or Books of Copies

of Enrolments, or any Attestation or Attestations aforesaid, or any Book or Books of Enrolments of Memorials of Leases, which shall be kept by any Clerk of the Peace in pursuance of this Act; such Person, previous to any such Inspection, paying to such Register-keeper, or to such Clerk of the Peace respectively, the Sum of one Shilling for each Inspection of every such Register, or Book or Attestation.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register-keeper shall and is Register. keepen to de-hereby required to deliver a true and exact Copy or Copies of any Enrolment or Enrolments, or of any liver Copies of Enrol-Attestation or Attestations in his Custody, unto any Person or Persons who shall demand the lame; and mmte, or Attentionj* every Clerk of the Peace aforesaid is hereby required to deliver a true and exact Copy or Copies of any Kfer^pieeof Attestl!" Attestation, or of any Attestations, or of any Enrolment or Enrolments of Freeholders, or of Memorials t;ong| Enrolment*,'or* of Leases, in his Custody as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons who shall demand the same; and every of Memorial* of Leak«. such Copy so delivered by any such Register-keeper, or by any such Clerk of the Peace respectively, shall be signed by the Register-keeper, or by the Clerk of the Peace delivering the same; and such Copy shall be delivered within a reasonable Time after the same shall have been demanded; and such Register-keeper,

or Clerk of the Peace respectively, shall be paid for every such Copy (at the Time the same shall be de- Fee for Copiei.

manded) at and after the Rate of two Pence for every such Copy of any Freeholder’s Enrolment, and at

the Rate of one Penny for every thirty Words in any such Attestation or Memorial of a Lease; and Copie# of all Enrolment!

all Copies of Enrolments shall be made upon the blank Forms of Enrolments on single Half Sheets 1° be made upon the

mentioned in this Act (or otherwise; provided always that the said Copies be in the Form of the original b an orm,#

Enrolment).

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register-keeper aforesaid {hail, Register-keeper to apply and he is hereby required to take care to be at all Times provided with a sufficient Number of blank Forms t* the clerk of the Peace of Enrolments aforesaid; and if at any Time he shall have but few such left, or if any Register of Free- £hen "«nt* hI*Bk holders for any Parish (or District) as aforesaid shall be materially damaged, or if fudi Register shall be clerk of thVpeaee'o nearly filled with Enrolments, then and in any such Case the Register-keeper shall and is hereby required fumiOi them on Ap?ii-to request the Clerk of the Peace for the County (Riding or Division) to provide him with such blank cation.

Forms, or with a new Register (as the Case may require); and such Clerk of the Peace, upon receiving

any such Application, shall and is hereby required forthwith to deliver, or safely transmit, to such Register-

keeper a sufficient Number of such blank Forms, or a new Register as aforesaid; and every such new Register shall be made of the Form and in the Manner aforesaid; and in every such new Register shall be

contained a Copy of this Act, printed by the King’s Printer as above directed: And every such Clerk of Clerk of the Pe*ce to

the Peace shall and is hereby required to take care to be at all Times provided with a sufficient Number of w«k°Formi and the said blank Forms, and with a sufficient Number of such new Registers as aforesaid. Regirten.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (in order to ascertain the Number clerk of the Peice, proof Districts.which shall be deemed Parishes, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act) the Clerk of ?ious to October 178?, the Peace for every County (Riding or Division) aforesaid, shall, previous to the Month of October one to nuke out a List of thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, make out a full, exact, accurate, and complete Lift, which DUnft io the shall contain every District within such respective County (Riding or Division), whether Parish, Township, County*

Quarter, Hamlet, parochial Chapelry, Constablewick, or other, for which a separate and distinct Collector,

or joint Collectors of the Land Tax is Or are now appointed; and every Receiver General of the Land sand tI

*1 ax within any County aforesaid shall and is hereby required to give his utmost Assistance in the making m\ting it out* *

out or perfecting the said Lift, on being duly required so to do by any such Clerk of the Peace; and every Ck,llc of the petce to

such Clerk of the Peace shall produce such Lift to the Justices of the P*ace at Che General Quarter Sessions pro<,uce the Lift at the

28 GEO. III. 3 M of tyar;a£cftii>ai in the

44® C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

U\& Month of October, »nJ Tcrifj it on Oath*

J iftice* to fipn the Lift,

which is to br k*pt morgft ;hs I curry Record' } and lerk of the Peace to del;vcr a Copy to the Sheriff with n a M< n:h; and by October 24, 1788, r q jire the King’s Printer o fend him a fuss»<i?ir Number of Rrgiflers, &c.

Clerk of the Peace to m ke aitested o.?ie« of the Lift ah>resaid, on bring piid I d. for 30 Word*.

Justice; may amend Lift, and direct the 1 Clerk f 'he Peace to fend a Register to any Parish mined in the Lift.

Deputy to the Clerk of the Peace may ati for him*

F.xre 'cea irfurred by the King’s Prime*-, or Clerk of he P a r, to be paid out of the County Rate.

Clerk of the Peace’s Ex-pe-'C-s to tc let- led at the Quarter belhons,

See.

Frrtm July i«, T^qo, the Re'urning Offic-Pl Oath not to be admi-Aifteicd,

nor the Freeholders Oath i

nd 10 Geo. 3. c. 17.

as far as relate* to h lection of M mbers of Parliament, 10 be repealed;

as also 18 Geo. i. c. 18. as far as rel.itei to difa-Ming Per for* from voting for Messuagea which have n'lt been afteflVd towards the Land Tax,

Second Hi /bind* may trote in Right of*thsir Wiv^s Dower, thin. gM otfet out by Bounds.

of the Peace which shall be held for such County (Riding or Division) in the said Month of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and shall then and there declare upon Oath before the said Justices (or upon foleinn Affirmation, if he shall be one of the People called Quakers) that the said Lift is, to the best of his Knowledge, Information, and Belief, a true Lift of the several Districts within such County

i Riding or Division), for which a separate and distinct Collector, or separate and distinct Collectors, of the -»arid Tax is or are then appointed; and the said Justices shall then fi^n such Lift, and the same shall be carefully preserved amongst the Records of such County; and an exact Copy of such Lift shall be made by the said Clerk of the Peace, and shall (within one Calendar Month) be by him delivered unto the Sheriff of such County; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of the Lid Month of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, require the King’s Printer in London to provide and to send to him a Number of Registers that shall be equal to the Number of Districts contained in the Lift aforesaid, and also one additional Register for every ten Districts contained in the said Lift (in order to supply the Register keepers with new Registers in the Cases herein-before mentioned); and every Clerk of the Peace shall afterwards from Time to Time apply to the King’s Printer for such Number of new Registers (made in Manner aforesaid) as Occasion may require; and every Clerk of the Peace shall make an attested Copy of the Lift aforesaid for any Person who shall demand the same, such Person paying for such Copy (at the Time the same shall be demanded) at the Rate of one Penny for every thirty Words contained in such Lift; and if any Parfth (or District) shall be omitted in the original Lift aforesaid, it Quit and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peac?, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County (Riding or Division), upon such Fact being proved to them upon Oath, and they are hereby required to came inch Lift to be amended, by inferring therein the Name of such Parish (or District); and the said Justices shall order the Clerk of the Peace to fend a Register as aforesaid to the Person hereby authorised to act as Register-keeper for such Parish (or District).

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Matters and Things by this Act required to be done or performed by any Clerk of the Peace aforesaid, may also be legally done and per-foirned by the lawful Deputy of such Clerk of the Peace; and in case of the Illness or Absence of any such Clerk of the Peace, the lawful Deputy of such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to act as Clerk of the Peace with respect to all Matters and Things by this Act directed to be done.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such necessary Expences as shall or may be incurred by the King’s Primer as aforesaid, or by any such Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, in or by the carrying of this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by such respective County out of the County Rate, as also all other reasonable Charges which shall be made by any such Clerk of the Peace, on account of the Trouble which he shall or may have had in the carrying of this Act into Exe-cut:on, and the Amount of such Expences and Charges of any such Clerk of the Peace shall be settled and allowed by the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and in such of the Counties aforesaid, in which there are or may be separate and distinct Rates for different Ridings, or other Divisions of such Counties respectively, the said Expences or Charges shall be borne'and defrayed out of such respective Rates, in such respective Shares and Proportions as such respective Ridings, or other Divisions of such County, shall then pay (or shall then bit have paid) towards the Land Tax of such County.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the Oath commonly called The Returning Officer's Oath, pre-Icribed by an Act made and passed in the second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, shall not be administered at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for any County aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the Oath commonly called The Freeholder's Oath, pre-fenb d by an Act made and passed in the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, shall not be administered at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Par.lament for any County aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, the Act in«de and passed in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections, shall be and is hereby repealed, as far as the said Act relates to the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, all such Parts of the above mentioned Act, made and passed in the eighteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second (and all such Parts of any other Act or Acts of Parliament) as dodifabie any Person to vote at any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for any County aforesaid, in respect, or in Rig it, of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which shall not have been charged or alitiied towards a Land Tax, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Woman, the Widow of any Person who was Tenant in Fee or in Tail, shall be entitled to Dower, or Thirds, by the Common Law, out 0/ the Freehold Estate of which her Husband died seised or possessed, and shall intermarry

44i

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36.

with a second Husband, such second Husband shall not be precluded from voting in respect of such Dower, or Thirds (if such Dower or Thirds shall be of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings as aforesaid), by Reason that the same shall not have been aligned or set out by Metes or Bounds: Provided always, That such second Husband shall pursue, as af’oresaid, the Directions of this A Cl.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, making any Declaration, or taking any Oath or Affirmation, by this Act autlio.iftd or required to be made or taken, shall thereby be guilty of wilfully making a falle Declaration, cr shall commit wilful Perjury, or be guilty of faife Affirmation, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or inborn any Person to make any such Declaration, or to take any Oath or Affirmation by this A d authoris'd or required to be made or taken, whereby such Person (Hall be guilty of making a falle Declaration, or shall commit wilful Pc.jury, or be guilty of falle Affirmation, every such Person, upon being convicted, on Indictment, of making such fade Declaration, or of suborning or procuring any Person to make such faife Declaration, shall forfeit a Sum, not exceeding five hundred Pounds, and shall also he imprisoned for any Time, not lei's than one Year and not exceeding three Years; or, upon being convicted, on Indictment, of committing wilful Perjury, or Subornation of Penury, or of making faife Affirmation, or of suborning or procuring any Person to make faife Affirmation, shall incur and fester the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury.

XXXVI. And be it further cnnd'ted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, from and after the passing of this Act, shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, or cause or procure to be destroyed, or shall aid or assist in destroying, any Register of Freeholders, or any Book of Copies of Enrolments, or any Book of Enrolments of Memorials of Leufes, or any Attestation, which Register, or Book, or Attestation, shall be kept in pursuance of this Act; or shall wilfully and maliciously erase, 01 falsely alter, or cause or procure to be erased or fallely altered, the Whole or any Part of any Enrolment, or Copy of Enrolment, in any such Register, or in any such Book, or any Attestation aforesaid; or shall wilfully and maliciously insert, or cause or procure to be infern d, in any such Register, or in any such Book as aforesaid, any counterfeit or fictitious Emolment, or Copy of Enrolment; or Bull wilfully and maliciously make, or cau'e of procure to be made, any forged, counterfeit, or fictitious Register, or Book, or Enrolment, or Copy of Enrolment, or Attestation aforesaid; or shall forge or counterfeit the Name of any Person which shall or may, in pursuance of this Act, be signed to any Enrolment, or Copy of Enrolment, or Attestation or Jurat aforesaid; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be pimished by Transportation for any Term not exceeding lcvcn Years, at the Discretion of the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid/That all Forfeitures aforesaid, by this Act to be incurred, shall and may (except in the Cases herein-before otherwise provided for) be feed for and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no E(lbin* Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and in every such Action, the Party against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff or Defendant) shall pay the full Costs of Suit; and every such Action or Prosecution as aforesaid shall and may be brought or commenced at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, but not afterwards; and the Person against whom any such Action or Prosecution shall be brought or commenced shall be legally served, within the Time aforesaid, with the Writ or Process by which such Action or Project! tion shall be intended to be commenced, unless the Service of such Writ or Process shall have been prevented by such Person’s absconding or withdrawing cut of this Kingdom; and every Action or Prosecution which shall be brought or commenced as aforesaid shall be carried on without wilful Delay.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Petition shall be presented to the House of Commons, in which Complaint shall be made that any Member or Members returned to serve in Parliament had been voted for by Persons who had neglected to comply with one or more of the Directions of this Act, such Petition shall be deemed and taken as a Petition against the Return only; unless in such Petition, Complaint shall also be made of an undue Election.

XXXIX. And whereas it is expedient to prevent Doubts relative to the Rights of Voters at County Elections be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be deemed to incur any Penalty for having caused his Name to be enrolled in any Register of Freeholders aforesaid, or for voting at any such Election as aforesaid, or shall be liable to have his Vote disallowed by any Select Committee of the House of Commons, for or on account of any Want of, or Defect in Title to the Estate in respect of which he shall have caused his Name to be enrolled, or in respect of which he shall have voted: Provided always, That such Person shall be (by himself or others) in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of the same for his own Use, and shall not hold such Estate by Copy of Court Roll, or at Will, or at Sufferance, or for any Term or Terms of Years, or by or in virtue of any Grant or Lease not being for any Life, or for any Lives, or for any Joint Lives, or for a greater Estate.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Freehold Lands or Tenements shall have been let or demised, for any Life, or for any Lives, or for any joint Lives, at a Rent reserved and payable for and in respect of the same, any Person who shall be entitled to receive such Rent to his own Uie, shall have a Right to be enrolled as aforesaid, and to vote at any such Election as aforesaid, for such Lands or Tenements, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had only been let or tlemifed for a Term of Years: Provided always, That the Rent so accruing to such Person shall be of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Persons m )kinp, or Tub-orninR others, to make, a falle Declaration, to forkit 500! &c,

Penalties for Perjury or Subomation,

Person* destroying Re-g i’ers, &c. or altering them Sec. to be tranl-ported.

How Forfeitures may be recovered.

Limitation of Actiont.

Persons profreutrd to be feived with a Writ, See,

If IVirioni to the Commons do not complain of uncue Elections, they shall \ e deemed Pet:ti> n* egainst the Return only.

No Person to incur any Penalty f< r caufirg his Name to be enrolled. See. if he he in the Receipt of the Ren sof the Freehold, Sic.

Persons entitled so the Rents of Lands demised for Lives to have a Right to be enrolled, dec.

44«

From July lOi »79°» n0 Person to h Right to »o*« for a Burgess for Cricklade, who has not qualified to vote for Wilts.

Re'timing Officer for Crick lade to act as Sheriffs for Counties under this Act, Sec,

C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

XLI. And whereas every Freeholder being above the Age of twenty-one Years, who shall have,

within the Hundreds or Divisions of Highworth, Cricklade, Staple, King/bridge, and Malmsbury, or one or

more of them, in the County of JVilts, a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, and being duly qualified to vote at Elections of Knights of the Shire for the said County of Wilts, is by Law entitled to eive his Vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for foe Borough of Crick- lade, in the said County of Wilts Be it therefore further enacted and declared by foe Authority aforesaid, That, after the said tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no such Freeholder as aforesaid shall have a Right to vote (as such) at any Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, unless he shall, in pursuance of this Act, have qualified himself to vote at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of tVilts, for and in respect of a Freehold Estate lying in, or issuing out of, one or more of the said Hundreds or Divisions; and at every Election of any Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, the Returning Officer of the said Borough shall, with respect to the Vote of every Person claiming to vote by virtue of any such Freehold Estate, aft merely ministerially, and in the same Manner as the Sheriff of any County aforesaid is by this Act directed to act at the Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for such County; and instead of the Oath now by Law directed to be administered at the Election of any Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for foe laid Borough, the Returning Officer of the said Borough shall and is hereby required to administer, or to cause to be administered, to every Person claiming to vote at any such Election by virtue of any such Freehold Estate, the respective Declarations aforesaid in the respective Cases above specified.

N# I.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Specifying the Form of the 44 REGISTER of FREEHOLDERS0 for in the County of

de, and if|

Freeholder’s Christian Name and Surname -

Freeholder’s Addition, Profession, or Trade -

Freeholder’s usual Place of Abode, in a Town, naming the Street

Freehold Estate (that is) whether it bel Lands" or Messuage" [naming some Occupier of the Lands or Messuage] or Tythesor Office of" [naming such Office] or Rent Charge" — —,

If Freeholder be present at the Time of En- 1

rolment, write the Word Present " if> -

absent, write Absent" -

The above Enrolment is N° and was made on foe hundred and

Day of one thousand

Witness my Hand,

Register-keeper.

Memorandum.—This Day of one thousand hundred and

I one of the Justices of the Peace for do certify, That

who acts as Register-keeper for the above-mentioned District, personally appeared this Day before me, and informed me, that (to the best of his Knowledge, Information, and Belief) foe Person whole Name is enrolled in the above Enrolment

has disposed of his

Estate in foe said District. Witness my Hand, Justice.

is dead

Witness my Hand,

Justice.

Note for the Printer, respecting the Register of Freeholders/9

EVERY Page of each Register of Freeholders must be of the above Form, and made of lam and durable Paper; and each Register must have a substantial Binding; and there must be five hundred Pages, of the above Form, in each Register; and every such Register must contain a Copy of this Act on durable Paper, of the same Size as the said Pages, and printed in the Roman Letter, or in the Roman and Italic}, Each of the five hundred Pages aforesaid must have a progressive Number printed in large Figures (after foe N° in the above Schedule); and "articular Care must be taken, that in each and every such Register all the said Numbers be in progressive Order*

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 443

Note for the Printer, respecting the fc Blank Forms of Enrolments."

THE blank Forms of Enrolments, on single Half Sheets (mentioned in this Act), must be of the exact Form of the above Schedule, and printed on one Side only of the said Half Sheets; and the Number (after the N°) must be left Blank; and the said last mentioned blank Forms must be made of a Size to correspond with the Books which are mentioned in this Act and which are particularly described in the following Schedule, N0 7.

N° 2.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act% Jlating the Form of the c< R E C EIP T."

I A.B. the Register-keeper for in the County of

A do hereby acknowledge to have received from C.D. the Clerk of the Peace for

a Reeifter for enrolling Freeholders, in which Register is contained a printed Copy of an Act, intituled,

44. An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third $ and I do hereby acknow- ledge to have also received from the said Clerk of the Peace " [/pacifying the

Number of] 44 blank Forms of Enrolments, and " [specifying

tie Number of]" Notices to be distributed by me; and also a Charge in what Manner I am to execute the said Act. Witness my Hand, this Day of one thousand seven hundred

and

N* 3.

« A.B."

_ SCHEDULE referred to by this Act, fating the Form of the ATTESTATION.’*

T Request to be enrolled in the Register of Freeholders for in the County of

A and I do solemnly swear" [or, being one of the People called Quakers, tl I do solemnly affirm"] That my Name is AL B. and that 1 am " [Specifying the Addition^ Profession, or

Trade of such Person] and that the usual Place of my Abode is at "

[and if it be in a Town consisting of more Streets than one, then specifying in what Street] in the County of and that I really and truly have in the said Parish or District" [or, in the said Parish

or Distri&, and in " /Pacifying in what other Parish or District, if the Case shall so be, in the said County"] an Estate of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above the Interest of any Money secured by Mortgage upon the said Estate, and also over and above all Rents and Out-going' payable out of, or in respect of the said Estate, other than parliamentary, publick, or parochial Taxes, and that the said Estate consists of " [specifying whether the same

consist of Lands, or of Messuage, or of Tythes, or of an Office, or of a Rent Charge \ and if the said Estate confijl of Lands, or of Messuage, or of both, then naming some Occupier of such Lands or Messuage; or if the said Estate consist of an Office, then naming the same] and that I am, by myself or others, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits of the said Estate for my own Use: and that, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, I have in my said Estate a Freehold. Witness my Hand, this Day of one thousand hundred and

A.

The said Oath" [or,44 Affirmation"] was taken and subscribed,

on the Day and Year aforesaid, before me C.D. one of the Justices of the Peace for the County of

N* 4.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act, Jlating the Form of the OATH" to be written (cr 'printed) at the End of the Attestation, N* 3, in certain Cases mentioned in the said Act.

T Do solemnly swear," [or, being one of the People called Shakers,44 I do solemnly affirm"] That my A Name is E* F. and that I am " [Specifying the Addition, Profession, or Trade of such Person] and that the usual Place of my Abode is at " [ and if it be

in a Town consisting of more Streets than one, Specifying in what Street] in the County of and that the above Attestation does, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, come from A.B. the Person therein mentioned. Witness my Hand, this Day of one thousand

hundred and

£.

The said Oath" [or,44 Affirmation"] was taken and subscribed,}

on the Day and Year aforesaid, before me, G. H\ one of the > G. i/.,f Justices of the Peace for the County of / J

N° 5«

A.D. 1788.

444

C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

N* 5.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act, fating the Form N O TIC E "

0

I A.B. the Register-keeper of the Register of Freeholders for in the

4< County of do hereby give Notice to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County,

4t that the progressive Number of the last Enrolment entered in the said Register of Freeholders is "

[ speccifying the said Number] and that the Day of one thousand

‘ hundred and is the Date of the said last Enrolment. Witness my Hand, this

Day of one thousand hundred and

A. B"

N° 6.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Abty fating the Perm of the ct POLL BOOKS"

Parish 1

or of in the County of

District J

Names of Freeholder*. Their Ad-ditiona, Profession?, or Tradeu Their usual Places of Abode. What the Freeholds consist of, and where liuatc. (If Lands, or Mrs-*uage( or both, name fume Occupier of thr same.) If enrolled in left than it Months, write " By Death of cr " By Promotion to " or u By Marriage with If Freehold consist of a Lease, Hate Date and Parties. Candidates.

A.B. C.D. £. fee.

N# 7.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Acts> fating the Form of the Book of cc COPIES of ENROLMENT S " \lVbich Book is to be kept by the Clerk of the Peace.]

The Copy of Enrolment, N* must be parted upon this Page.

[Note to the King's Printer.—Each of the said Books mud be of the same Size as the Registers of Freeholders aforesaid; mud have a substantial Binding; mud have five hundred Leaves, as here specified; and mud be so bound as to receive two more Leaves between every two opposite Pages. The Front of each of the said five hundred Leaves mud be of the above Form. There mud be printed (after every N°J a pro-greflive Number; and particular Care mud be taken that in each and every such Book all the said Numbers be in progressive Order; and the same progressive Number mud be printed upon the Back, as upon the Front of each respective Leaf; and the Back of each of the said five hundred Leaves mud be of the following Fonn; videlicet;]

The Copy of Enrolment, N° mud be parted upon this Page, provided any Justice (halHiave signed the Memorandum at the End of the said Copy, stating either that the Freeholder has disposed of his Efetef or that he is dead"

N#8.

A.D. 1788'.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 445

N® 8.

SCHEDULE referred to by this AR> fating the Form of the c< C H A R G E" to be

delivered by the Clerks of the Peace to the Register-keepers.

To the Register-keeper for in the County of

T) Y virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the better fccurln? the Rights of Persont qualified to vote Ot County Elections (a Copy of which Act is contained in the Register lent you here- -with), 1 do hereby charge you, -

That (some Time in the Month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine) you leave, or cause to be left, at the usual Place of Abode of every Freeholder rending within your District, one of the printed Notices sent you herewith, and that you do subsenbe your Name, and your Place of Abode, to every such Notice before you leave the same.

And also, that (on some one or more of the Sunlaxs in the said Month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine) you affix, or cause to be affixed, one of the said printed Notices (subscribed by you as aforeLid) on the principal Door of the Church or Chapel (if any such there be) within your District, before the usual Hour of Morning Service, or if there be no Morning Service, then immediately before the usual Hour of Evening Service.

And I also charge you, that when any Person shall apply to you to make any Enrolment in the said Register, you do inform him, That if any Person shall (either by personal Application, or by Attestation)

cause his Name to be enrolled therein, without such Person actually having, at the Time of Yueh Enrol- ment, a Freehold, or if such Effate shall not (a* such Time) be of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings, over and above the interest of any Money secured by Mortgage upon the said E(Lte, and also over and u above all Rents and Outgoings payable out of, or in respect of the said Estate, other than parliamentary, publick, or parochial Taxes; or if the Whole, or some Part of the said Estate, shall not lie in the Parish (or District) in the Register of Freeholders for which such Person shall have caused his Name to be enrolled, or issue out of Lands or Tenements within such Pari 'h (or District); or if such Person (at the Time of the making of such Enrolment) shall not be by himself, or others, in the actual Poflemon or ct Receipt of the Rents or Profits of such Estate for such Person’s own Use: or if any Per on who shall cause his Name to be enrolled in any such Register of Freeholders shall be possessed of no Freehold Estate, but of such as shall have been granted to him fraudulently, or in which his interest shall be nominal or fictiti- ous, or shall, upon personal Application to be enrolled, mif-state any of the Particulars directed by this Act to be specified in his Enrolment; every Person who shall be found guilty of any of the said Offences, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and that no Freeholder, under the Age of eighteen Years, has a Right to cause his Name to be enrolled in the said RcgrtLr."

And also that you do enrol (or in your P re fence cause to be enrolled) the Name osoevery Person who shall (by personal Application, or by Attention, and at your Dwelling-house, on any Day, and at a seasonable Hour) request to be enrolled in the said Register, without your taking upon yourself to decide upon the Right of any such Person to be enrolled; but you are not compellable to make any such Enrolment before the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a Christmas Day, or on any Day set apart by Authority for general Faffing or Thanks-giving.

And also that you do carefully make every Enrolment according to the Manner set forth in the blank Forms in the said Register; and that you date and sign every such Enrolment; and that you make every such Enrolment gratis."

And also that you permit every Person applying to you to make any Enrolment as aforesaid to be present, and to examine whether the same be correctly entered in the Register, and to see that you sign such Enrolment forthwith.

And also that if any Person shall by Attestation apply to you to be enrolled, you are to demand the said Attestation to be left with y< u; and you are to deliver 44gratis99 unto every Person who shall produce to you any such Attestation, a Copy of the Enrolment which you shall make in confcnuence thereof, provided the said Copy be demanded on the Day on which such Attestation shall be so produced to you.

And 1 also charge you that you be ready at your-Dwelling-house, on the first Monday in May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and of Three in the Afternoon) in order to make Enrolments.

And also that if any Freeholder residing within your District shall have neglected to come to you to be enrolled, on or before the said first o$ Monday in May one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, you do, before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, deliver, or cause to be safely delivered, to every such Freeholder a printed or written Summons, in the following Words, videlicet: "By an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Pnird, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Rights oj Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, it is enacted, That if you have a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings within my District, and if you shall not cause your Name to be enrolled in the Register of Freeholders in my Custody, before the second ‘thursday in the Month of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; then, and in such Case, you shall appear before me, at my Dwelling-house, on the said Day, and between

C. 36. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

u the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and of Three in the Afternoon of the said Day, in order then and " there to cause your Name to be enrolled; for you will not be entitled to vote at any Election of any u Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, in virtue of the said Freehold, without having had " your Name enrolled in such Register of Freeholders, at lead twelve Calendar Months before the Day on a which you shall tender your Vote at such Election and that you do subscribe your Name and your Place of Abode to every such Summons before you leave the same; and that if any such Summons shall have been so delivered as aforesaid, then you are to be ready at your Dwelling house, on the second Thurs-day in June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine (between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and of Three in the Afternoon) in order to make Enrolments.

And 1 also charge you that, previous to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County (Riding or Division) in July one thousand seven hundred and eiehty-nine, you make* or cause to be made (upon the blank Forms of Enrolments, printed on single Half Sheets, which you receive herewith) an exait and corredf Copy of every Enrolment contained in the said Register, and of the pro-greflive Number of every such Enrolment; and that you do then carefully examine every such Copy with the corresponding original Enrolment in the said Register, and that you bring and deliver all such Copies to me (or to the then Clerk of the Peace), at the said General Quarter Sessions, and that you do then and there declare upon Oath (or upon solemn Affirmation, if a Quaker), that the said Copies are exact and true Copies of the respective Originals.

And also, that you do, in the Months of January and July in every following Year, bring and deliver to me (or to the then Clerk of the Peace), at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall (in such respective Months) be held for the said County (Riding or Division), a Copy (as aforesaid) of every Enrolment that shall have been made in the said Register, in the Half Year immediately preceding such respective General Quarter Sessions; and that then and there you do verify the said Copies upon Oath (or upon solemn Affirmation, if a Quaker) to be true Copies of the respective Originals in the said Register, and that you make all and every of the aforesaid Copies " gratis

And also, that at every such General Quarter Sessions aforesaid you deliver to me (or to the then Clerk of the Peace) all such Attestations as shall have been left with you in the Half Year immediately preceding such respective General Quarter Sessions.

And also, that if no Enrolment shall have been made in the said Register since the last Copy which shall have been delivered to me (or to the then Clerk of the Peace) as aforesaid, then and in such Case you shall deliver (or safely transmit sealed up) to me (or to the then Clerk of the Peace) at the said General Quarter Sessions, a Notice in the following Form; videlicet,

u T the Register-keeper of the Register of Freeholders for in the

1 County of do hereby give Notice to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, that the

u progressive Number of the last Enrolment entered in the said Register of Freeholders is "

[Specifying the said Number] 44 and that the Day of one thousand

- hundred and "

this

hundred and Day of

is the Date of the said last Enrolment. Witness my Hand, one thousand hundred and "

Which Notice must be signed by you.

And I do also charge you, that you do, in May 1790 (and in the same Month in every following Year), carefully examine all the Enrolments entered in the Register in your Custody; and if any Person whole Name is enrolled therein shall be then dead, or shall have disposed of his Freehold Estate within your District, then, and in either of the said cases, you are, in the said Month of May (or in the Month of June then next following) to carry the said Register to some Justice of the Peace for the said County (Riding or Division); and you are at the same Time to carry to such Justice a true Copy of the Enrolment'of every Person who shall be dead, or who shall have disposed of his F reehold as aforesaid, in order that such Justice (upon your Application) may (in pursuance of the said Act) fill up the Blanks in the Memorandum at the End of such original Enrolment in the Register, and that such Justice may also fill up the Blanks in the Memorandum at the End of the said Copy, and that he may sign his Name at the End of each such Memorandum; and you are, in the Month of July then next following, to bring and deliver such Copy to me (or to the then Clerk of the Peace) at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County (Riding or Division).

And (by the said Act) the said Register is always to remain in the Custody of the Person who shall act as Register-keeper for the Time being; and the said Register is not, upon any Occasion, or under any Pretence whatever, to be carried to any Distance from your District, except when the said Register shall be carried to any Justice of the Peace for the said County (Riding or Division) in the particular Cases above specified, and except when you shall be duly required to produce the said Register at any Assizes so be held for the said County.

And I also charge you, that you permit all Persons who shall, at seasonable Times, request Leave to inspect the said Register, or any Attestation in your Custody, to inspect the same respectively, every such Person first paying to you one Shilling for every such Inspection.

And also, that you deliver a true and exact Copy or Copies of any Enrolment or Enrolments, or of any Attestation or Attestations, in your Custody, unto all Persons who shall demand the same respectively, every such Person first paying to you two Pence for every such Copy of an Enrolment, and at the Rate of one Penny for every thirty Words in any such Attestation, and you are to subscribe your Name to every such Copy; and all Copies of Enrolments are to be made upon the blank Forms of Enrolments, on single Half

S icecs.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

Sheets, which you receive herewith (or otherwise; provided always, that the said Copies be in the Form of the original Enrolment).

And you are to tr.ke care to be at all Times provided with a sufficient Number of blank Forms of En-rolments on Tingle Half Sheets; and if at any Time you shall have but few such blank Forms left, or if the Register in your Custody shall be materially damaged, or if such Register be nearly filled with Enrolments, then and in any such Case you are to apply to the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being to provide you with more blank Forms, or with a new Register (as the Case may require).

And you are carefully t® preserve the said Register, and the same (together with this Charge) is to be safely delivered to your ouccellor in Office-

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or Deer Skins undressed, Buck or Deer Skin*

Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported, and on Hides and Skins drtfiid in Oil in this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, ltained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins the Produce of Florida to be sold by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such Sales; for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise; and to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Consumption in the Houses of Retailers thereof, who shall not have Licences to sell Beer or Ale.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty preamble.

(intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Ctt/hms and Excise, and granting other Duties »7 Geo. 3. C. rj# 4 in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties cofnpofwg the Publick Revenue; recited,

, for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, /Fares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies,

remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt),

certain Duties of Customs are imposed for and in respect of Buck or Deer Skins undressed, Buck or Deer

Skins Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported into this Kingdom, and certain Drawbacks

of Customs are granted upon the Exportation thereof; and certain Duties of Excise'are also by the said Act

imposed for and in respect of Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins drafted in Oil in Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties and Drawbacks of Customs, and also

the said Duties of Excise, and to impose other Duties, and grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof be

it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the and from July

Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and j788, the Du-

eighty-eight, the said Duties and Drawbacks of Customs, and also the said Duties of Excise, shall cease tic* thereby im-

and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which Pof d*

may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures,.

relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said fifth Day of July one skin* undnffed,.

thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight. # &c. to cease;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of and in ii«uof the

July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in lieu and in stead of the said Duties of Customs- repealed Duties

and Excise respectively, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Curtom*, th* Successors, for and upon ail Buck or Deer Skins undressed. Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-dressed, and Elk j°f10 Skins undressed, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, the following Duties of Customs; that is to say,t

For every Buck or Deer Skin undressed, and for every Buck or DeerSkin Indian half-dressed, which For every Fuck shall be imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of two Pence: Skin undreflVd,

or Indian half-dreflfed, impoited, d. j

For every Elk Skip, which shall be imported into this Kingdom, a Duty of Customs of Four-pence; the «nd for every feid Duties of Customs to be paid or secured by the Importers of such Skins respectively before the Landing* Elk Skin, *d’S-thereof:

And that there shall be also paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Hides And in lieu of and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britainr the repealed Du. to be paid by the Oil Leather Dressers thereof respectively, the following Duties of Excise; that is to-

be levied on

Sk'ns drtfled in Qil j.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck, Deer, and Elk Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Greeet Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or le»s Quantity, one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, three Pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois or all other Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be drilled in Oil in Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, {jjl Pence.

28 Geo. ILL 3 N III. And

Far fvrry lb. of Burk. &c. is.

For every lb. of

Sheep or Lamb Skins, 3 d $ andt for evej-y lb. of all other Skins,.

6 a.

448 C. 37. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

From July 5, 1788. 1 he following Drawbacks to be paid On the Export!

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, there shall be paid for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, the following Drawbacks; that is to say.

tion of Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, vi*.

F r every lb. of Buck, &c. Skin, 1 1.3

For every lb. of Sheep cr Lmb Skin drelled and ©nanuf^flurcd,

3 d* 5

For every lb. bf all other Skins dressed and manufactured, 6 d. 5 For every lb. of ShrepSUin*, -drclTed and duly marked, t*o Thirds of the Duty 5

For every lb. of all o'vher Skin* (except Lamb Skins} dressed and duly nm>k-td, two Thirds of the Duty.

Buck, &c. Skint imp ’rted since June 1, 1788, and not en'ered, to be subject to the Duties, &c. of (his A^.

No Excise Draw-back to be paid on Hides or SJ^ins, but those granted by this Act.

Drawbacks to be paid according to the Rules, &c. of *5 Geo.

3-« 74-

Buck or Deer Skins must hat© tiad the Hair only taken off, to be deemed kalf-drcfici.

For every Yard of Yard-wide Sruffs printed, &c. - not liable to Duty under %1 Geo. 3. c. 13.), except such s is dyed of one Colour, &c. a. Duty to be paid of 5 d. 2 3.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck or Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, which shall befo dressed in Oil in Great Britain (and for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid), whether manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares or not, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in Greav Britain (and for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid), which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, three Pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain (and for which the Duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid), which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, six Pence:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep Skins, which shall have been so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked (and for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid), and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, twp Thirds of the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof respectively:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Hides and Skins (except Lamb Skins) which shall have been so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked (and for which the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid), and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, two Thirds of the Duties by this Act imposed in respect thereof respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Buck or Deer Skins undressed* Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, which may have been imported into this Kingdom since the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, but of which Entries have not been made, shall be subject and liable to the several Duties of Customs and Excise imposed by this Act, and no other; and shall be allowed the like Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof from this Kingdom, in like Manner as if they had been imported after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Excise Drawback whatsoever shall, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be paid or payable on the Exportation of any Hides or Skins, or Parts or Pieces of Hides or Skins, dressed in Oil, whether manufactured or made into Goods or Wares or not, save and-except such Drawbacks as are granted by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the Duties of Excise hereby imposed in respect of such HidcS and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, under, subject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained and provided in and by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for repealing the Duty imposed on Tea by an Act passed in the hft Session of Parliament, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much offtveralAfls as relates to the Removal of Tea; for dire Bing the Officers of Excise to examine and certify the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities; and for better securing the Duties on Candles)y concerning the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Buck or Deer Skins shall be deemed or taken to be half-dressed, within the Meaning of this Act, but such as are now usually imported under that Denomination, and which have undergone no other Operation or Dressing but that of taking off the Hair.

VIII. And whereas, immediately before the Commencement of the said Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled as aforesaid), certain Duties were payable upon all Stuffs, except Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the gfeatest Part in Value should be Woollen, printed * stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain: And whereas it was intended to charge, by the said Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, a Duty upon all such Stuffs (except as aforesaid) printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain; but no such Duty is by that Adk charged upon certain Sorts of such Stuffs so printed, stained, painted, or dyed, and it is expedient that a 4 Duty should be charged upon the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard-wide, of all Stuffs, other than such Stuffs for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is, by the said Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, imposed on the same being printed, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (and except such thereof, as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen), and which shall be primed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and so its Proportfoa

449

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

for any greater or less Quantity, Three-pence Halfpenny; to be paid by the Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed shall from Time to Tirne be raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured by such Ways and Means, and under such Management, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such other Powers, and subject to such Rules and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as by any Act or Acts of Parliament (as the Case may require) in force at the Commencement of this Act, for or in respect of Hides or Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or for or in respect of Linens and Stuffs printed, (tained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, is directed and prescribed; and that the said Act and Acts, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters, and Things, therein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying? recovering, securing, or paying the said Duties respectively, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in Execution, for railing* receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the respective Duties by this Act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted, shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and the Money so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Con-

Jclidated Fund.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Money from Time to Time arising for or in respect of any Licences which the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the Collectors or Supervisors of Excise, are by Law authorised or empowered to grant, and which are chargeable with certain Duties commonly called Per Cent Duties, shall be kept in the Excise Books of Account in entire Sums, without distinguishing how much of such Money is due for or in respect of such JPer Cent Duties; and such Money, and also all other Money from Time to Time arising for or in respect of any Licences which the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or the Collectors or Supervisors of Excile, are authorised or impowered, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out Irj the AAakers of\ and Dealers in, Excfcable Commodities therein mentioned), to grant, shall be accordingly paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer in such entire Sums, and be carried to, and made Part of the said Fund, called The Consolidated Fund.

XII. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other

Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick c Revenue \ foi'toermitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Ma nufafiure of /^European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt), an Excise Duty of seven Pence is chargeable (among other Things) on every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale or Auction in Great Britain,

of Deer and other Skins imported into this Kingdom from East and West Florida in America: And whereas it will greatly tend to encourage the importation of such Deer and other Skins into this Kingdom, if the same were allowed, under certain Restrictions, to be sold by Auction free of the said Duty ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, all DeerSkins, and other Skins, of the Produce of East or West Florida in America, and which shall be imported into this Kingdom directly from thence, shall and may be sold by Auction free of the said Duty: Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise the Sale of any such Deer or other Skins free of the said Duty, unless on the first Sale of such Deer or other Skins, by or for the Account of the original Importer to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the Custom-house at the Port oFImporration, and unless such Sale shall be made within twelve Months next after the Importation of such Deer and other Skins respectively j any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas by an Adm made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the better securing and further Improvement of the Revenues of Customs, Excise, Inland and Salt Duties;

and for encouraging the Linen Madufatlure of the Kle of Man; and for allowing the Importation cf several 4' Goods the Produce and Manufacture of the said Island under certain Refactions and Regulations); reciting that great Frauds had been committed by divers Makers of hard Soap, by removing and secreting large Quantities of Soap, in the Absence of the Officers, from the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil wherein the same was made, it was enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who, alter the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ilxty-five, should make any hard Soap should, at his, her, or their own Expence, find, provide, and affix sufficient wooden Covers to be approved of in Writing by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyor or Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District in which every such respective Maker of hard Soap should reside, to every Copper, Pan, or other Utensil wherein he should boil or make any hard Soap, which said Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, with the Covers thereto affixed, and also the Pipe or Pipes that conveys or convey away the Waste or Salt Lees from the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, should, and they were thereby required to be securely locked and sealed down by

3 N z the Duties to lie !e» vied according te Adb in furcejt the Commencement of ihil Act.

Duties to be paid into the sex-chrquer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Account of Do-tie* on Licences to be kept without distingu/h-ing the per Ceat Duties,

and to be paid into the Exchequer ineotire Sums, to be carried to the Consolidated Fond.

ij Geo. g. c. 13.

From July

1788, Skin? imported from East or West Florida, to be free of any Auction Duty, on the first Sale thereof on account of the 0 iginal Importer, if it be within la Months.

Chuse of 5 Geo. 3.c, 4J. recited.

45°

ind the Piovifi-oni and I rnsl tie? to rx t td to the Makers of Bali Scap.

*4 Geo. 3-c 4$.

ratings of hird Soao removing m removed fr>m one Place 10 another, may be fezed, and the Maker to forfeit tool.

jo Geo 3. c. 44.

TJnjuft Scales or Weights i)fed in weighing Stock, may be seized by any Officer of the Excite.

33 Geo. * c. 28.

C. 37. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

the Officer of Excise who surveyed such Trader, as (bon as the Fire was damped or drawn from under the Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, whenever any Soap, or any 'Filing of a soapy Quality, should be left therein; which Paid Locks and Keys to the same, and all ocher necessary Faster.ings for (hearing the Coppers, Pans, or other Utensils, and also the Pipes, should be provided by the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise of the Division cr District in which Inch respective Makers of hard Soap should re- fide, at the Expence of Inch respective Makers; and whenever any such Maker of hard Soap should be dvdirnus of lighting a Fire under such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, so locked and sealed down, and should have given to the Officer of Excise of the Division or District twelve Hours Notice, if such Maker of hard Soap should re fide within the Limits and Jurisdiction of the Head Office of Excise in London^ or

if such Maker of hard Soap should reside in any other Part of Great Britain, twenty-four Hours Notice of such his, her, or their Intention, the Officer of Excise should attend to unlock and open the Copper,

Pan, or other Utensil, an 1 the Pipe or Pipes lb secured, under the Penalties in the said Act in that Behalf < provided: And whereas Doubts have arisen, whether the Provisions of the said recited Clause, and the Penalties therein contained, do extend to Makers of Ball Soap \ be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provisions of the said recited Clause, and the Penalties therein contained, do extend, and the lame shall accordingly extend, to Makers of Ball Soap.

XIV. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty 4 (intituled, An Act for better securing the Duties cn Starch and Soap), it is among other Things enacted, That no Maker or Makers of hard Soap should fell any hard Soap but in the Shape or Form of Cakes cr Bars, or what is commonly called or known by the Name of Ball Soap; and that all Scraps and Paring?

of hard Soap should be returned into the Copper or Bo.ler in the Presence of the Officer, immediately after the Soap that had been put into the Frames from any one Boiling should have been cut up for Sale:

And whereas it has been found by Experience, that great Quantities of such Scraps and Parings, in ft cad of being returned into the Copper or Boiler, as is directed by that Add, in the Pjefence of the Officer,

are sent out into Consumption, to the great Detriment of the Revenue, and the Injury of the fair Trader,

and it is difficult to prove the same to be Scraps and Parings, by reason tint the Officers are not authorised by Law to seize the same, so as the same may be produced on the Trial, and be proved to be Scra;>s 4 and Parings; and it is equally detrimental to the Revenue by whatever Means such Scraps and Parings get out into Consumption :* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if ary Scraps or Parings of hard Soap shall be fold or sent out by any Maker or Makers of hard Soap, or shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried from one Part of this Kingdom to another, by Land or by Water, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Casks and Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maker or Makers of hard Soap who shall lend out or sell the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XV. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing Traders in Exciseable Commodities from uf:ngfife Weights and Scales, and for explaining and amending everal Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs), it is en- acted. That if at any Time after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy, any Trader subject to the Survey of any Officer of Excise, and required by the Laws concerning the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, should in the weighing his, her, or their Stock or Stocks, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be used, any false, unjuit, or inefficient Scales or Weights, to the Intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties by the said Laws respectively granted, that then and in every such Case the Party or Parties offending shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence: And whereas it is difficult to prove that such Scales or Weights are false, unjust, or inefficient, by reason that the same are not for- feited, nor the Officers of Excile authorised by Law to seize the same; and it is therefore expedient to forfeit the same, and to authorise such Officers to seize the same;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Trader subject to the Survey of any Officer of Excise, and required by the Laws concerning the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, shall, in the weighing his, her, or their Stock or Stocks, make use of, or cause or procure or fuft'er to be used, any false, unjust, or insufficient Scales or Weights, to the Intent to defraud his Majesty of the Duties by the said Laws respectively granted, such Scales and Weights respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XVI. And whereas by an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled, An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Rum and Spirits, of the (irou'tb, Produce, and Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations, from this Kingdom, and of British Spirits made from MoleJcs), it was amongst other Things enacted, That all Rum and Spirits of the Growth, Produce, and Manufacture of the BritifJ) Sugar Plantations'll) America, which should be exported from this Kingdom as Merchandize, should be Proof Spirits; and in order that the lame might be properly exj- mined, and the Casks marked, when any Person or Persons should be desirous oi shipping any Quantity of such Rum or Spirits, they were thereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of Ev- cile of the Division or*Place where such Rum or Spirits were intended to be shipped, five Days next before such Rum or Spirits should be put on Shipboard, in which Notice should be expressed the Number of

Casks, and the Quantity of Rum or Spirits so intended to be shipped; and it should be lawful to and for the Gaugers or other Officers of Excise, before the Delivery of such Rum and Spirits from such Ware- houses, and at any Time afterwards,^ to mark all and every such Casks or other Package, in such Manner c as the jrcspective Commissioners of Excise should direct, and to take a Sample or Samples, not cxecejing

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 451

one Pint in the Whole, out of each of the said Casks or other Package containing such Rum or Spirits,

paying for such Sample or Samples (if demanded) according to the Market Price Rum or Spirits of the like Quality should he fold for at the Time such Sample or Samples should be taken: And whereas Doubts have arlfen whether such Gaugers or other Officers of Excise are by the said recited Clause authorised to take by way of Sample or Samples more than one Pint of such Rum or Spirits out of any such Calk or Package containing such Rum or Spirits now, to obviate such Doubts in future, be it enacted by the Authority afore laid, That when any Person or Persons shall have given any such Notice as aforesaid, CfH ers of Exit ih ill and may be lawful to and for any Off.ccr or Officers of Excise, before the Delivery of such Rum or cif- ro*y t?kc a* Spirits from any such Warehouse or Warehouses, and at any Time afterwards, to take as many Samples as fit

he or they shall think fit (neither of such Samples exceeding Half a Pint) out of each of such Casks or Pack- of Rj/m ^‘end-r.gcs containing such Rum or Spirits, paying for such Simples (if demanded) at and after the Rate of ed to be expect-taree Shillings per Gallon; and if any Person or Persons shall obttrud or hinder any such Officer or Officers at the Rate of Excise in taking any such Sample or Samples, upon his or their offering to pay for the same as aforesaid ^5 3 8*

(if desramded), the Per fori or Persons offending therein shall, for each and every such Offence, severally alon* forfeit the Su.n of one hundred Pounds.

XVII. And whereas it is expedient to allow the Officers of Excise to take Samples of Rum or Spirits,

of the Growth, Produce, or Alarm failure of the EritifJo Sugar Plantations, which shall be delivered out of any Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged in pu nuance of the said last mentioned Act, as Stores tube (pent and confirmed on board any Ship, in any Voyage to Parts beyond the Seas, according to an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty ;* be it therefore ended by me Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers and also of St^re of Excise, before the Delivery of finch Rum or Spirits lb delivered as Stores, to be spent and consumed as Rum for stupi iiforefsid, from any such Warehouse or Warehouses, and at any Time afterwards, to take as many on^hclr Vo*". Samples as he or they shall think fit (neither of such Samples exceeding Half a Pint) out of each of the Casks or Packages containing Inch Rumor Spirits, paying for such Samples (if demanded) at and after the Rate of three Shillings per Gallon; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers of Excise in taking any such Sample or Samples, upon his or their offering to pay for the same as aforesaid (if demanded), the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for each and every such Offence, literally forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And, for preventing the relanding such Rum or Spirits as shall be so shipped for Stores, be it further etu&ed by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Rumor Spirits so shipped as Stores as [^cdVobc* aforesaid, shall be unshipped in order to be rclatided, then not only all such Rum or Spirits, together with the forfeited, &c« CafD or other Package containing the same, together with the Boats and Vessels, Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages made use of in such rebinding thereof, or in the Removal or Carriage thereof, after such re-litiding, ihn 1 be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Ex-cife; and all and every Person and Persons who shall so unship, or cause or procure to be so unshipped, any such Rumor Spirits, or shall be afiifling, or otherwise concerned in such unshipping the same, or to whole in^forfeit1*1* Hands the same shall knowingly come after such unshipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the Vafue of such treble the Rum or Spirits, to be estimated at the belt and nighett Price which Rum or Spirits of the Growth, Pro- Value* duce, or Manufacture of the British Sugar Plantations in America snail fell for in London, at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incut red; and if any Matter or other Person belonging to, or on board any an^h,f c!be, on* Ship or Vessel on board which any such Rum or Spirits shall be so shipped as Stoics, shall affitt in, or con- ip*

nive at, such unshipping or relanding -any such Rum or Spirits, he or they (over and above all other Penalties provided by any Act or Acts now in force) (hull, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (inti- tituled, An Act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the if Geo. 3. c. 5$.

Reign of hisprejmt Majesty, intituled, An Act for grantin'? to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to be taken out by ail Persons aJing as Auctioneers; and certain Rates and Duties on all Landsf Hottjes, Goods,

and other Things* sold by Auction:, and upon Indentur es, Lease.s, Bonds, Deeds, and ether Instruments \ '

as relates to the Method of granting Licences to Auctioneers^ and to the collecting the Duties on Ejlat*s and Goods fol/I by Auction), it is amongst other Things enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, it any Sale by Auction of any Estate, Goods, or Chattels,

should be rendered void by reason that the Person for whole Benefit the same was fold had no Title to the same, or no Right to dispose thereof, then and in every such Case it should and might be lawful for the Aud.oneer who paid the Duty for the'T hing so fold, or for the Person for whose Benehtthe same was so fold, to lay his, her, or their Complaint before the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace, within whose Jurisdiction respectively such Sale was made; and the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, upon such Complaint to them made, by or on the Behalf of such Auctioneer,

or by or on the Behalf of the Person for whose Benefit the same was fold, should and were required to hear and determine all such Complaints, and examine the Witnesses upon Oath which should be pro- duced, as well on the Behalf of the Party making such Complaint, as on the Behalf of all and every other Party and Parties, which Oath they had thereby Power to administer; and thereupon, or by other due 1 Proof, to relieve the Party so complaining of iu much of his, her, or their respective Payments as should be so made out before them to have been overpaid: And whereas it is expedient to ascertain the Time Within which such Complaint should be so Hid, so as to entire the Party complaining to Relief;’ be it there- Cotnpliiati #f fore traded by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to entitle the Party complaining to Relief, all such S* «byAu«to* Complaints shall be laid within twelve Calendar Months after such Sale, if the Sale shall be rendered void Voldfto be mUo

45* C. 37. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

In a Yeirifthet be rendered void in that Period, cr else in three Months after the Pifcoterj.

Ho Allowances of Duty to be made to Purchasers of their own Effects at Auctions, unlefa prior Notice of their having authorised a Bidder be given to the Auctionecn

Coods liable to Excise, and the Materials in the Custody of the Manufacturer, &c. to be fob* jed to Arrears of Doty, Ac*

as aforesaid within that Time, or if the Sale shall not be rendered void as aforesaid within that Time, then such Complaints shall be laid within three Months after the Discovery of the Person for whose Benefit any such Estate, Goods, or Chattels, was or were fold, having no Title to the same, or no Right to dispose thereof; and no such Complaint shall be laid, or any Relief given thereupon, unless such Complaint shall be laid within the Time herein-before in that Behalf prescribed.

XX. And whereas by the said Aci, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is also enacted, That in case the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, or Effects, put up to Sale by way of Auction, shall become the Purchaser by means of his own Bidding, or the Bidding of any other Person on his Behalf or for his Use, at such Sale, without Fraud or Collusion, then and in such Case the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain and such Collectors. Supervisors, and other Officers ®f Excise,

as are thereby respectively authorised within their respective Collections and Districts to receive the said Du- ties mentioned in the said Act, are thereby authorised and required to make an Allowance to such Owner of the Duties arising by that Act upon such Bidding, provided Notice be given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding, both by the Owner and the Person intended to be the Bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller,

and provided such Notice be verified by the Cmh of the Auctioneer, as also the Fairness and Reality of the said Transaction to the best of his Knowledge and Belief: And whereas it is expedient that no such Allowance shall be made, unless such Notice in Writing be given as is herein after directed ;* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Allowance shall be made unless Notice in Writing, signed by the Owner and the Person intended to be the Bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller, mall have been given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding, nor unless such Delivery of such Notice shall be verified upon the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also the Fairness of the Transaction to the best of his Knowledge.

XXI. And whereas it is expedient that all Goods and Commodities for or in respect whereof any Duty 4‘ of Excise is by Law imposed, and also the Materials, Preparations, UtensilSj and Vessels, in the Custody of the Maker or Makers, Manufacturer or Manufacturers of such Goods and Commodities respectively, for the Purpose of making or manufacturing such Goods and Commodities respectively, should be subject and liable to the Duties of Excise in Arrear and owing from Time to Time by such Maker or Makers, Manufacturer or Manufacturers, and also subject to all Fines, Penalties, and borfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers, Manufacturer or Manufacturers, relating to his, her, and their Trade or Bufinefe be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods and Commodities for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, and all Materials, Preparations, Utensils, and Vessels in the Custody of the Maker or Makers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers of such Goods or Commodities respectively, or in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons to the Use of, or in Trust for, such Maker or Makers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers, shall be subject and liable to, and the same are hereby made chargeable with all the Duties of Excise in Arrear and owing from Time to Time from or by such Maker or Makers, or Manufacturer or Manufacturers, for or in respect of any such or the like Goods and Commodities respectively so made or manufactured by him, her, or them; and shall also be subject to all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by such Maker or Makers, Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or other Person using any Workhouse, Warehouse, or other Place, to such Maker or Makers, or Manu-fadturer or Manufacturers, for any Offence against any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on such or the like Goods or Commodities; and it shall and maybe lawful in all such Cases to levy such Fines, Duties, and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done in relation to such Goods and Commodities, in case the Debtors or Offenders were the true lawful Owners

How Fine* ere to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of Actiont, Ac,

If in any Action there shall appear probable Cause fora Seix-nre, the Claimant not to heao-titled to Coda

thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means, or Methods as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or byf Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to l^s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him or them done in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to his Majesty's Revenues of Customs and Excise, or either of them, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or other wise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Information or Suit shall be commenced and brought to Trial, on account of the Seizure of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize seized as forfeited by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the said Revenues, or either of them, or of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or of any Horle* Cattle, or Carriage used or employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a Verdict shall be found

far

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

for the Claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom th^fame shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge cr Court before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify that there wns a probablp Cause for making such Seizure; and in such Case the Claimant shall not be entitled to any Coils of Suit whatsoever, nor shall the Person or Persons who made such Seizure be liable to any Action, Indictment, or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure; and that in case any Action, Indictment, or Prosecution shall be commenced and brought to Trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or of any such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, tiled or employed in removing or carrying the same (whether any Information shall be brought to Trial to condemn the same or not), and a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge, before whom such Action, Indictment, or Prosecution shall be tried, shall certify that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff’, besides the Thing so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be entitled to above two Pence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit; nor shall the Defendant, in such Prosecution, be imprisoned or be fined above one Shilling.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Writ or Process shall be sued out against any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or against any Person or Persons acting by his or their Order, in his or their Aid, for any Thing done in the Execution or by reason of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the said Revenues, or either of them, until one Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to him or them, or left at the lifual Place of his or their Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Person or Persons who intends or intend to sue out such Writ or Process as aforesaid; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained, the Cause of Action, the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons in whose Name such Action is intended to be brought, and the Name and Place of Abode of the said Attorney or Agent; and that a Fee of twenty Shillings and no more shall be paid for the preparing and serving of every such Notice.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, to whom such Notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice shall be given, to tender Amends to the Person or Persons complaining, or to his, her, or their Agent or Attorney; and in case such Amends are not accepted, to plead such Tender in Bar to any Action to be brought against him or them grounded on such Suit, Writ, or Process, together with the Plea of Not guilty, and any other Plea or Pleas, with Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought; and if upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a VerdidTfor the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action, or in case Judgment shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer, then such Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to the like Coils as he or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the General Blue only; and if, upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the Defendant or Defendants in such other Plea or Pleas, then they shall give a Verdict for such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and such Damages as they shall think proper.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Case where an Action shall be grounded on any Act done by the Defendant or Defendants, shall be permitted to produce any Evidence of the Cause of such Action, except such as shall be contained in the Notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any Verdict against such Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, unless it shall be proved on the Trial of such Action that such Notice was given, and that in Default of such Proof the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall recover a Verdict and Costs as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid, shall neglect to tender Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends before the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, by Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take Effect, as (0 all such Matters and Things therein contained in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight.

XXX. 1 And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty

(intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences, to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in

Spirituous LiquorsJ; reciting, that it was expedient that additional Duties should be paid by all Persons who mould take out Licences to deal by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, it is enacted, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Sums in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, for and upon all Licences to be taken out annually, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, by all Persons who should retail any distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters within Great Britain; And whereas divers Persons, duly licensed since the passing of the said

*Aa

453

and In any such Action in which the Per fun who feiled is Defendant, he shal) not be liable to more than t d. Damages, &c.

No Writ to be sued cut agair-ft any Person acting under any Act of Parliament relating r# the Custom* or Excise, in left than a Month after Notice given, Arc.

20 s. to be pud for such Notice.

Tender of A-menda iray be made within the Month after Notice, and pleaded' in bar of Action, &c.

Nb Evidence f# be given bn' such as is contained in the Notice.

Amenda may be paid info Court before issue joined.

Act to take place from July 5, 1788, in all Instances whet* no particular Commencement is specified. 27 GEO. c. 30* recited.

4-5+

Commissionert of Exiife, &c. to return to the Persons I'censed to retail Spirit* since passing ti c recited Act, and who Dull not ia»c Ale Licences on July 5. 17^8, the Monies paid under that Act, since their Ale Licences expir-

0<J| &c.

*7 Geo. 3. c. 28.

From June 15, 17* 8, Plate Glass of the Di-menfians herein specified, not to be brokeo into Pieces,

s6 Geot 3.«. 74.

C. 37. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Act to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors, have now no Licence granted to them by the Justices of the Peace in due Form of Law to sell Ale, Beer, or other excisable Liquors, by reason of such Justices of the Peace having refused to grant stich Licences to such Persons, and similar Cases may occur in future, and such Persons being unable to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciliable Liquors for want of such Licence, have become greatly reduced in their Circumstances, and been deprived of the Means by which they might have been enabled to make good the Payments by the said Act directed to be made, for or in respect of the Licences by the said Act directed to be taken our, and it is therefore expedient to refund to such Persons the Money received from them reflectively on account of such Payments, since such their respective Licences granted to them respectively by the Justices of the Peace have expired; and also to exonerate such Persons, as well as all other Pertbns who may hereafter be in similar Circumstances, from all further Payments by the said Act directed to be made, for or in respect of the Licences by the said Act directed to be taken out :* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland reflectively, or the major Part of them respectively, within the Limits of the chief Offices of Excise in London and Edinburgh respectively, and for the several Collectors of Excise in other Parts of Great Britain within their respective Collections; and such Commissioners and Collectors of Excise respectively are hereby required to pay, out of the Monies arising from the Duties of Exciselipon Licences to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors, to all and every Person and Persons who were duly licensed since the passing of the said Act to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors, and who, on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, shall have no such Licence to sell Ale, Beer, or other cx-cifcable Liquors, by reason of such Justices of the Peace having refused to renew such Licences to such Persons, the Money received from them respectively for or on account of any of the Payments by the said Act directed to be made for or in respect of any Licence or Licences by the said Act directed to be taken out, since his, her, or their respective Licences, granted to them respectively by the Justices of the Peace to sell Ale, Beer, or other exctfeable Liquors, have expired; and that no such Person or Persons as aforesaid, nor his, her, or their Executor or Administrator, shall be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever by the said Act directed to be paid, for or in respect of any Licence or Licences by the said Act directed to be taken out; and no Person or Persons who now is or are, or hereafter shall be, duly licensed to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors, and who shall afterwards have no Licence to sell Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by reason of the Justices of the Peace having refused to renew such Licence to him, her, or them, nor his, her, or their Executor or Administrator, shall be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever by the said Act directed to be paid for or in respect of any Payment by the said Act directed to be made, for any Time elapsed since the Expiration of any such Licence or Licenc-S-which any Justices 0/ the Peace shall so refuse to renew; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty 4 (intituled, y#/ Aid for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Ghfs imported into Great Britain %and for altering the Mode of charging the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain), it was enacted, That in lieu of the Duty of Excise then chargeable and payable for or in respect of any Materials, or Metal, or other Preparations made use of in Great Britain in the making of Cast Plate Glass, there should be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, at and after the Rate of one Pound one Shilling and five Pence Halfpenny per hundred Weight, for ail Cast Plate Glass which shouM made in Great Britain, and which should be squared irpo Plates of a Supeificies not less than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five Inches, and of a Thick- ness according to their Superficies, as is therein mentioned and ddenbed: And whereas by the (kid Act it was enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers of Cast Plate Glass should break into small Pieces, to the Satisfaction of the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Maker or Makers should be, imnte- diately upon being requested so to do by such Officer, all Call Piate and all Cullet which should not be squared into Plates, according to the Directions of the said Act, so as to render such GlaS and 4 Cullet unfit for any Purpose but that of re-melting; and that if any Maker or Makers should neglect or refuse so to do, he, she, or they should, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds: And whereas it has been found, by Experience, that there is no Certainty that any Cast Plate of Glass will turn out to be in all its Parts of the Thickness prescribed by the said recited Act, although the Maker thereof may intend and be desirous to make the same of the l hickness so prescribed, and by reason thereof the same is liable to be broken into small Pieces, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, to the great Loss and Injury of the Maker thereof;* be it* therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifteenth Day of ftme one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, no Cast Plate Glass, the superficial Content whereof shall be one thousand four hundred and eighty-five square Inches and upwards, and the Thickness whereof shall, upon an Average, be at the least five twentieth Parts of an Inch, fh.Ji be liable to be broken into small Pieces, according to the Directions of the said recited, Act; any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign 4 (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Sweets, and for ascertaining the I) utter uton Licences to be taken cut by Persons dealing in SzveetsJ, it was enacted, That, froru and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, it should and might be lawful to and for his Majesty's Commissioners of Stamps, or any two of them, to grant upon any Piece of Vellum or Paicfi- ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, any Licence for felling of Sweets or British~made Wines by any retail Measure, to any Person or Persons applying for the same (although such Person or Persons should not have a Spirituous Liquor or Ale Licence), stamped or marked with a Stamp or Mark of two Pounds and four Shillings $ and that all and every Person and Persons selling British-made Wines only under facb

455

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

Licences, should be freed and discharged from any Penalty by the Acts therein mentioned imposed for felling Wine under Licences not damped, as by the said Acts were directed: And whereas it is expedient

torcltrain the felling British Wines or Sweets for Consumption in the Houses of Retailers thereof, to such 1 Persons only as shall have obtained as well a Licence for selling Beer and Ale, as a Licence for the Sale of 1 British-made Wines j’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, no Person shall, by virtue of any Licence for the Sale of British-tmde Wines or Sweets, be entitled to sell such Wines or Sweets for Consumption in his or her own House, unless such Person shall have obtained a Licence for selling Beer and Ale.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Woo!, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, and Worded, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought tip, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds (luffed with combed Wool* or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Kies of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the winding of Wool.

WHEREAS the several Acts of Parliament now in force for preventing and prohibiting the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, or Worded made of Wool, Woolflocks, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, or other Manufactures, or pre- tended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or YVooi fit for combing or carding, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, from and out of this Kingdom, and the Isles of Jerfry, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into foreign Parts; and the Re- gulations and Restrictions made and specified in the (laid several Acts have in many Respects been found in- sufficient to answer the good Purposes intended thereby: And whereas it would tend more effectually to prevent the Exportation of the said several Articles, if the said Acts, or so much thereof as concern the said several Articles, were repealed; and such and so many of the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions therein contained, with such Amendments and Additions as may be expedient and requisite

for effecting the above-mentioned important Purpose, were comprized in one Act:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and Angular the several Acts of Parliament now in force, or so much thereof as relate in any Manner to the carrying Coastwise, or to the said Isles, or any of them, or to prevent the Exportation of the following Articles, Goods, or Commodities; (that is to say,) Ljve Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, or Worded made of Wool, Woolflocks, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, or other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of as Wool again, or Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool or Wool fit for combing, or carding, or any Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, except so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wiliam the Third, intituled, An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made against Transportation of Wool,

:Fullers Earth, and Scouring Clay, as relates to Wool (horn, laid up or lodged within ten Miles of the Sea Side, within the Counties of Kent or Sussex, or either of them, or to any Person or Persons reflding within fifteen Miles of the Sea in the said Counties of Kent or Suffix, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing hereof, this Act, and all the Powers Provisions, and Regulations herein contained, reflecting all cr any of the before enumerated Articles, Goods, or Commodities, shall commence, take effect, and be in force, in such Manner as are herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall, from and after the passing of this Act, bring, deliver, fend, receive, or take, or cause or procure to be brought, delivered, (ent, received, or taken into any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, any Rams, Sheep, or Lambs, of any Sort or Description whatsoever, of the Breed of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or of the Isles of ^ferfey, Guernsey, Alderney, Stork, or Man, being alive, to be carried and conveyed out of the said Kingdom of Great Britain, or any of the said Isles, the said Rams, Sheep, or Lambs', and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, on board of which the same shall be taken or received, shall become forfeited, and liable to be seized and secured for the Benefit of any Person or Persons seizing the same; and every such Person and Persons so offending, his, her,' and their Aiders, Abettors, Procurers, and Comforters, knowing thereof, and who shall be thereof convicted, shall, for every Sheep or Lamb which shall be brought, delivered, sent, received, pr taken, with any such Intent as aforesaid, into any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, forfeit the Sum of three Pounds ef lawful Money of Great Britain and shall also suffer' solitary Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or 28 Geo. III. 3O House

From July 5, 1788,no Persons to sell British Winn for Consumption in their own Houses without a Baer Licence.

[Preamble.]

Alt Acts In force, in * f*r at they relate to the carrying Coastwise, Sec, or to the Exportation of the Articles here!* specified, to be repealed, except so much Of 9 and 10 Gut. 3, c. 40. as relate* to Wool fborn, laid up within 10 Miles of the Sea Side, and Personi reflding within 15 Mile* of the Sea. in Kent or Suflexr

If live Sheep, Sec, be conveyed out of OeatBri-tain or Jersey, &c. they and the Vessel are forfeited,

and the Personi trifling therein to pay 11, for each Sheep, and suffer three Month* Imprisonment;

45

tnd for a faSfe-quest Ofivner, 5 1. for e*ch Mteep, and to fuflfer fix J Month* Impairment,

Forfeitures to be *o the Person* fuin^t for the same.

Net to extend to live ecp carried for Diet of Crew.

No live Wether Sheep tobi (h pt for Diet without Licence from the Port Officer of the Customs. Licence to specify the N umber of Sheep, which must be ftiipt in the Presence of the Officer, on Penalty of Forfeiture, and io*i for etch Sheep.

Where there is no Officer, the Licence to be granted by the Officers at the nrareft Place, &c.

Not to extend to Vessel* bound to or from any Place between the Mull of Cantire and Cape Wrath j

nor to the mov-

ing Sheep from the Mainland to Island* within he Firths of Scotland, here Estates consist of both.

Proprietor?, &C» of such Estates to give Bond not to export .*heep to foreign Parts, and to obtain a Licence for so loving the m.

C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry wherein such Offender or Of* fenders shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of three Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize* and until such Forfeiture shall be paid, so as the Whole of such Imprisonment for the Nonpayment of such Forfeiture shall not exceed the Space of twelve Calendar Months; and in case of any further Conviction for or upon a second or other subsequent Offence of the same Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending shall, upon every second or other subsequent Conviction, forfeit and pay for every such Sheep or Lamb the Sum of five Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, and shall also suffer fohtary Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of six Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until such Forfeitures shall be paid, so as the Whole of the Imprisonment for the Nonpayment of the Forfeiture incurred by such second or other subsequent Offence shall riot exceed the Space of two Years; all of which said several Forfeitures shall be for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall in anywise extend to subject any Person or Persons, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, to any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, herein contained, for the carrying or conveying away of any Wether Sheep, or of the Wool growing upon any such Wether Sheep, to be carried alive in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or' out of any of the said Isles, for and towards the only necessary Food and Diet of or for the Master or Commander, Mariners, Passengers, or Persons therein, and for and towards no other Purpose whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no live Wether Sheep shall be put or carried on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, for the necessary Food or Diet of the Master or Commander, Mariners, or Passengers therein, until an Application shall have been made to the Comptroller and Collector of the Customs of such Port or Place where the same are intended to be shipped, and a Licence obtained from them for the shipping thereof, which Licence shall specify the Number of Wether Sheep so to be put on board such Ship or Vessel, and they shall in no Case exceed such Number as in the Judgment of the Officers granting such Licence shall be deemed sufficient for the Use of such Master or Commander, Mariners, or Passengers, during the intended Voyage of such Ship or Vessel, according to the Distance thereof, nor shall the same be shipped but in the Pretence of the proper Officers appointed to attend the same, upon Pain that the Sheep so put on board shall become forfeited to the Person or Persons seizing the same, and the Person or Persons shipping or attempting to ship the same shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Shillings for evfcry such Sheep, to the Person or Persons who shall inform thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall be no Comptroller or Collector of the Customs at the Place where the said live Wether Sheep are intended to be shipped, that then and in every such Case such Licence shall be obtained from, and the shipping of such live Wether Sheep shall be made in the Presence of, some one or more Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Revenue nearest to such Place, and every such Officer is hereby required to grant such Licence and to attend to and overlook the shipping of such Sheep; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas there are, within some Parts of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, very few Officers of his Majesty's Revenue be it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Act contained with respect to any Officer being present at the shipping of live Wether Sheep, or the granting a Licence for that Purpose, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the shipping of live Wether Sheep on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat which shall be bound only to or from any Port or Place between the Mull of Cantire and Cape JVrath, for the necessary Food and Diet of or for the Master or Commander, Mariners, Pstffengers, or Persons on board such Ships, Vessels, or Boats, and for and towards no other Purpose whatsoever.

VI. And whereas in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Estates and Farms often conflft of Main- land and small Islands within the different Firths or Seas adjacent, on which Island Sheep are fed and depastured, and which, for that and other Purposes, must necessaVily be removed on board Boats or other Vessels from one Island to another Bland, or to the Mainland, or therefrom to the said Islands $* be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to prevent or hinder any Landholder, Proprietor, or Tenant of such Estate or Estates, or Farm or Farms, from moving, transporting, carrying, and exchanging from the Mainland to any Island or Islands in the Firths or Seas adjacent, or from any such Island to another such Bland, or from thence to the Mainland on board Boats or other Vessels, any live Sheep or Lambs, as Occasion may be or require.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for any such Landholder, Proprietor, or Tenant of such aforesaid Estate or Estates, Farm or Farms, to remove, transport, carry, or exchange, any such live Sheep or Lambs as aforesaid, until he, she, or they shall have entered into a Bond, to the Use of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of one hundred Pounds, that such Landholder, Proprietor, or Tenant, will not export, or knowingly permit to be exported, to foreign Parts, any live Sheep, Lambs, Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, or Shortlings, to him, her, or them belonging, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and shall have delivered such Bond to one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Officer of the Customs, or Officer of Excise, nearest to the Residence of such Landholder, Proprietor, or Tenant; and also until he, she, or they shall have obtained a Licence for the moving, transporting, carrying, or exchanging any such live Sheep or Lambs as aforesaid, from such aforesaid Justice of the Peace, or Officer, under his Hand and Seal; and which such aforesaid Justice and Officer are hereby required to grant upon receiving such Bond, or at any Time thereafter.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 457

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall express and contain the Name and Re-, fidence of the Person and Persons to whom the same shall be granted, and the Names and Situations of the Islands to and from which any such live Sheep or Lambs shall and may be thereby moved, transported, carried, or exchanged; and every such Licence shall continue in force until a Forfeiture shall be made of the last aforesaid Bond; which said Bond, and a Copy of every such Licence,-shall be sent, by the Justice or Officer who shall take or grant the same, within one Month next after the receiving of such Bond or granting such Licence respectively, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Edinburgh.

Licence to contain the Nam: of the Perf'on r# whom grant:d. See. and to continue in force till the Bund be forfeited.

Bond and Copy of Licence to be sent to the Commissioners of the Customs in Edinburgh.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, directly or indirectly carry, export, transport, or otherwise convey, or cause or procure to be carried, exported, transported, or otherwise conveyed out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or out of or from the said Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, or out of or from any of them, into any Parts or Places out of the Kingdom or Isles aforesaid, any Wool whatsoever of the Growth of the Kingdom or of the Isles aforesaid, or any Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortiings, Yarn or Worsted made of Wool, Woolflocks, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, or other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, foas the same may b€ reduced to, and made use of as Wool again, or Mattrasses of Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool (it for combing or carding, or any Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, and also all and every Owner and Owners of any Ship or other Vessel, and all and every Owner and Owners of every Horse or other Bead of Burthen, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, upon which any Sheep, Wool, or other Articles before enumerated, and hereby prohibited from Exportation, shall be exported, transported, carried or conveyed, packed or loaded, with an Intent to be exported, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, assisting, or consenting thereunto, and also every Master and Commander, and Mariner of or in such Ship or other Vessel wherein any such Wool or other Articles aforesaid, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or loaden or laid on board as aforesaid, with any such Intent or Purpose as aforesaid, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, assisting, or consenting thereunto, and also every Fador or Servant, or other Person whatsoever, and every Collector, Customer, Comptroller, Waiter, Searcher, Surveyor, or other Officer or Officers whomsoever, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, assisting, or consenting thereunto, and who shall be thereof convicted, shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence three Shillings fot every Pound Weight of such Wool, or other the aforesaid enumerated Articles, which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the Sum of fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain in the Whole, at the Election of the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and shall also fufter solitary Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of three Calendar Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until the Penalty in which he, she, or they shall be convicted shall be paid, so as the Whole of such Imprisonment for the Nonpayment of such Penalty shall not exceed the Space of twelve Calendar Months; and in case of a further Conviction for or upon a second or other subsequent Offence of the same Kind, the Person or Persons so again offending shall, upon every second or other subsequent Conviction, forfeit and pay three Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Wool and other Articles herein-before mentioned, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the Sum of -fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Election of the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, and shall also suffer solitary Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, Shire, or Stewartry, wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the Space of six Calendar Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and until the Penalty in which he, she, or they shall convicted shall be paid, so as the Whole of such Imprisonment for the Nonpayment of the Penalty which shall be incurred by such second or other subsequent Offence, shall not exceed the Space of two Years; all which Laid several Forfeitures shall be for thq Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and the said Wool, and other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, wtych shall be packed, loaded, removed, carried, conveyed, or shipped, with Intent to export the

feme, otherwise than under and according to the Restrictions and Regulations, and subject to the Powers and Exceptions herein after mentioned and expressed, shall, together with the Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, Waggon, Cart, and other Carriage, Horses, or other Beaffs, on or by which any of the said hereby prohibited Articles shall happen to be so loaded, carrying or conveying, shall be liable to be seized, and shall become forfeited for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall seize the same.

X. Provided alway$, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be ^deemed or construea to extend, to prohibit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from any Port in this Kingdom to any British Sugar Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, in any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully trade thither, so long as the Exportation thereof shall be allowed by virtue of an Act made and passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his nrefent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the eleventh Rule in the Book of Rales, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of da ?n aged Currants and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof; and/or explaining the said Rule with respect to such Allowance for Damage on. other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time; which said recited Act has been continued by several subsequent Acts of Parliament.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Owner and Owners of Wool, or -any other the said herein-before enumerated Woollen and Worsted Articles, and which are hereby prohibited

Persons conveying Wool, &c. out of Great Britain, or Jet fey, &c. Owners,&c. of shipr, Carts, Horses, &c. or Revenue Officer*, exporting, or assisting in the Exportation of Sheep, Wool, &c. liable to Penalties*

Penalties,

Forfeit Bret to go to th* Persons suing for them. Wool, &c. conveyed contrary to this A£>, with the Vessel, &c. so be forfeited.]

Act not to extend to the Exportation of Tobacco-pipe Clay to the British Colonies in the ... West Indies, whileallowed by 17 Geo. 3. c. 43.

If Woo!, &c. intended to be feat Coastwise*

458 C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 1788.

be cin-ying towards the Sea without Entry thereof having been made, to be forfeited. Ire,

hot not to extend toWool carrying from the Place of (hear ng to the Owner's House, though within 5 Milo of the Sea, if the Quantity be certified to tht Officer of the next Port, as also the Intention to remove it.

Officer to register such Certificates.

If there be no

Port within five Mile?, Certificates to be given to a Justice, dec.

Quantity of Wool of Sheep fliorn for Market between March I and July l, need no be certified till after the general Shearing if three Days previous Notice of the Removal be

from being exported, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, who shall at any Time hereafter carry, or cause to be carried, any Wool, or any other the said last mentioned Articles, to any Port or Place on the Sea Coast within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, with an Intention to convey the same to any other Port or Place on the Sea Coast within the same Kingdom, from whence the same may be shipped off, or other wise transported, conveyed, or carried into foreign Parts, shall, in the first Place, cause a due Entry to be made of the said Wool, and other the said last mentioned Articles, at the Port from whence the same shall be so intended to be conveyed, containing the exact Weight, Marks, and Numbers of the same, before he, she, or they shall presume to load or carry away any of the said Wool, or the last mentioned Articles, within five Miles of any such Port or Place on the said Se^ Coasts, from whence the same is or are so to be conveyed; and if any Wool, or any other the said last mentioned Articles, shall be carrying towards the Sea, for the Purpose aforesaid, without being first entered in Manner aforesaid, and without being accompanied with a Certificate of such Entry, and which the Officer with whom such Entry shall be made is hereby required to give, the Wool, and other the aforesaid Articles, so found, and also the Horse or Horses, or other Beast, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriages conveying the same, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall seize thereupon.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the aforegoing Clause is not intended, nor shall be construed to extend, to the hindering any Person or Persons from carrying his, her, or their Wool from the Place of (hearing the same, on Horses, or by Carts and Waggons, to his, her, or their own Dwelling House or Houses, or Outhouses thereunto belonging, though the lame be within five Miles or lese of the Sear so as such Person or Persons, within ten Days after the (hearing of the said Wool, and before he, she, or they remove or otherwise dispose of the same, or any Part thereof, from the Place where it was first carried after (hearing, do under his, her, or their Hands, certify to the Officers of the Customs in the next adjacent Port the true Quantity of the said Wool; (that is to say,) of the Number of Fleeces, and where the same is housed; and that such Person or Persons do not remove, or otherwise dispose of the said Wool to any other Place, without first certifying to the Officer of such Port, under his, her, or their Hands, of his, her, or their Intention to remove the same, three Days at least before such Removal 5 and the Officer and Officers* in their respective Ports, and the Limits of such Ports, are hereby required to receive and keep such Certificates, and to make a Register of them; but in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect to make and fend such Certificate to the Officer or Officers of the next adjacent Port as aforesaid, or shall remove, or otherwise dispose of, any of the said Wool before such Certificate of his, her, or their Intention so to be made and delivered as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall have no Benefit by this Provish, but be liable to the Penalties expressed in the foregoing Clause.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such next adjacent Port shall happen to be at a greater Difiance than five Miles from the Dwelling-house or Houses of such aforesaid Person or Persons, that then and in every such Case every such aforesaid Entry, Notice, or Certificate, shall and may be made or given to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any Officer of his Majesty's Revenue, neareff to the Dwelling House or Houses of such Person or Persons; any Thing herein contained to the contrary; thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Sheep shall be (horn between the first Day of Anarch and the first Day of July in each Year, for the sole Purpose of fending them to Market, and in case the Owner or Owners of such Sheep shall not remove or otherwise dispose of the Wool or Fleeces, which shall be shorn from such Sheep, from the Places where the same were first carried after (hearing, without first certifying in three Days in Manner aforesaid, it shall not be necessary for such Owner or Owners to* certify the true Quantity of the said Wool and Number of such Fleeces, and where the same are housed, until such Owner or Owners shall certify in Manner before-mentioned the Quantity of the Wool and Number of the Fleeces shorn from the Whole of the Flock or Flocks belonging to such Owner or Owners, after the general Shearing for that Season of the said Flock or Flocks.

certified as aforesaid.

Qualtfied Persong nay seize ?or their ovt n Use, Woo),&c. f und near tot Sra or ny navigable River, with an Imen: to be exported,

Penalty on the Offer, deil.

Wool for the Use of Jersey, &c. may be exported from Southampton under the Revelations herein. contained.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, authorised and qualified as herein after is mentioned, to seize, take, and challenge, to and for his and their own Use and Benefit, all such Wool, Woollels, Mortlings, Short lings, and other the said Woollen and Worsted Articles, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco-pipe Clay, which he or they shall happen to fee, know, or discover, to be brought, carried, or laid on Shore, at or near the Sea, or any navigable River, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported or conveyed out of the said Kingdom of Great Britain, or out of the Ifies aforesaid, or any of them, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Offender or Offenders therein shall be fiujedt and liable to the like Forfeiture, Pains, and Penalties as Persons by this Act are subject unto for exporting, transporting* or shipping of Wool, or other the Commodities aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to export and transport the several Quantities of Wool herein after mentioned out of or from the Port of Southampton only, unto the Isles of Jersey 9 Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, by or for the only Use or Behoof of any of the Inhabitants of the said Ifies, or some or one of them, but under and subject to the Regulations in this Act contained, re Ip eel ing the Removal and shipping of Wool, and so as such Wool shall be shipped or laden on board some Ship or Vessel then the Property of some Person or Persons, rehding within one of the said Ifies of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, and so as such Person and Persons as shall lo ship or put on oozrd such Wool aforesaid in any such Ship or other Vessel, do, before the shipping or putting on board such Wool, deliver unto the Collector, Customer, Comptroller, Surveyor, or Searcher of the Port of So*/h~

M ampin1

459

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. $8.

mmpton aforesaid (out of which the same Wool is to be exported), a Writing under the Hand and Seal of the Governor of the said Isle of Jersey, or of his Deputy or Deputies, as to the Wool which is to be exported to the said Island; and under the Seal of the said Governor of Guernsey, or of his Deputy or Deputies, as to the Wool which is to be exported to the said Isles of Guenfey, Alderney, and Sark, or any of them 5 in which Writing it shall be expressed that the Party named therein is authorised and appointed to export or eause to be exported out of the Port aforesaid so much Wool, expressing the Number of Tods, to the same Isles, or some or one of them, to be used and manufactured in one of the same Isles, or in some of the Members or Parts of the same, and that such Party, so authorised and appointed to export or eause to be exported* such Wool, hath, before the making and (ealing of the said Writing, entered into sufficient Bond to his Majesty's Use for the landing of the said Wool in Manner aforesaid.

XVII. And, to the Intent that the Quantity of Wool to be exported out of the Port of Southampton aforesaid into the said Isles, or either of them, in any one Year, accounting the Year to begin from the first Day of January now last pad, and so from the first Day of January in every succeeding Year, may

not exceed the Quantity hereunder specified; (that is to say,) unto the isle of Jersey four thousand Tods, and no more, of uncombed Wool; and unto the Isle of Guernsey two thousand Tods, and no more, of

uncombed Wool; and unto the Isle of Alderney four hundred Tods of uncombed Wool, and no more; and unto the Isle of Sark two hundred Tods of uncombed Wool, and no more, each Tod not exceeding

thirty-two Pounds in Weight;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor of the said Isle of Jersey, or his Deputy, for whom he shall answer, shall not make to any Person or Persons any Writing or Writings, such as is above specified, to authorise and appoint such Person or Persons as aforesaid to (etch, export, or transport, out of the Port of Southampton aforesaid unto the said Isle of Je fey, in any one Year, accounting the Year from the said first Day of January, any greater Quantity of Wool than four thousand Tods; and thafc the Governor of the said Isle of Guernsey, or his Deputy, for whom he shall answer, shall not make to any Person or Persons any Writing or Writings, such as is above specified, to authorise and appoint such Person or Persons as aforesaid to fetch, export, or transport out of the Port above specified, unto the said Isles of Guern/y, Alderney, and Sark, in any one Year, accounting tile Year from the first Day of January as aforesaid, any greater Quantity of Wool than two thousand Tods for Guernsey, four hundred Tods for Alderney, and two hundred Tods for Sark; and that the Cuf-tfcmer of the Port of Southampton aforesaid shall keep a true Account of all the said Quantity of Wool so by him permitted to be laden by this Act, and shall not permit any greater Quantity of Wool to be laden than by this Act is prescribed, in any one Year, to any of the said islands reflectively, under any Pretence whatsoever, upon the Penalty of the Forfeiture of his Place, and of the Sum of five hundred Pounds in Money, one Moiety whereof to the King Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or YVager of Law* nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed: And if any of the Governors of the said Isles, their or either of their Deputy or Deputies, shall give, grant, or make any Licence or Licences for exporting from Southampton aforesaid into the said Isles respectively any greater Quantity of such Wool than is before, by the true Meaning of this Act, limited and appointed in that Behalf; that then the respective Governor or Governors of such of the said Isles shall forfeit and pay to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Sum of twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for e^ery Pod of Wool which shall be so licensed to be exported, over and above the Rate or Proportion of Wool in and by this Act, or the true Meaning thereof, limited or appointed, one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him or them that will sue for the same in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Governors aforesaid, or their respective Deputies, or any of their Clerks, Officers, or Servants, for the granting, making, signing, or (ealing of every such Writing of Licence before din died, and for the entering a Remembrance of the same into some Book which they shall have and [teep for that Purpose, shall have and take the Sum of one Shilling, and no more.

XIa. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool, or any of the hereinbefore enumerated Woollen or Worsted Articles, Fuiiers Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, shall, on any Pretence whatever, be put on board any Ship or other Vessel, Hulk, or Boat, whereof any Alien-born, or whereof any Natural-born Subject, not inhabiting within the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall be Owner or Part Owner; and every such Ship or Vessel, Hulk, or Boat, wherein any such Wool, or other Articles herein-before enumerated, shall be shipped, put, or laid on board, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forfeited to and for the Use of the Person and Persons seizing the same: Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to any Lamb Skins ready dressed and prepared, fit and useful for Fur or Linings.

XX. And whereas, by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, it is enacted, That no Person or Persons residing within fifteen Miles of the Sea, in the Counties of Kent and SuJ/ex, shall presume to buy any Wool before they enter into Bond to the King’s Majesty, his Heirs or Suco flors, with Sureties, that all the Wool they buy shall not be sold by them to any Person or Persons within fifteen Miles of the Sea; and in case any Wool be found carried towards the Sea Side in the Counties aforesaid, unless such Wool be first entered, and Security given, the same shall be forfeited, and the Person or Persons offending therein shall also forfeit three Shillings for every Pound Weight of all such Wool; and that no Wool removed from the Place where it was hrft houseci, lodged, or laid after (hearing, within ten Miles of the Sea Side, in Kent or SuJ/?x9 shall be lodged

Quantity that may b« exported annually to Jersey, &c.

Governor of Jersey, &c. not to authorise the E«p nation of more thaa the Quantity fptci* fied.

Customer of Southampton to be displaced, and forfrit$ool, if be permit a larger than the allowed QMamity to be laden.

Governora, &c. authorising a larger Quantify to be exported, to forfeit 101. per Tod.

x a. to be paid for Licence a ad Entry.

No Wool, &c. to be shipped, but in Vessela belonging to Natural-born Su' je£tar«fiaent in Great Britain. Not to extend to Lamb Skina d re fled for Fuf or Lininga. Recital of Part of ioGuL 3« c. 40.

460 G. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

after the first removing within fifteen Miles of the Sea, in the said Counties, upon Pain of forfeiting all inch Wool if found; but if carried away, then every Person or Persons who were the Owners of the said 4 Wool to forfeit, for every Pound Weight, the Sum of three Shillings: And whereas Buyers and Manufacturers of Wool residing within fifteen Miles of the Sea, in the said Counties of Kent and Sussex, who purchase Quantities of Wool, are often obliged to fill again the Whole, or some Part of the Wool which they have purchased, and which they, by the said Act, are prevented from felling to any Person or Persons in the said Counties within fifteen Miles of the Sea, which is attended with great Hardship to the said Buyers and Manufacturers of Wool P For the Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Buyer or Manufacturer of Wool within the said Counties of Kent and Sussex, refiling within fifteen Miles of the Sea, having given such Bond, with Sureties, as is before-mentioned, to sell any Wool to any Buyer or Manufacturer of Wool within the said Counties, who has also given such Bond with Sureties, as is aforesaid, and to remove and 1 )dge the same at the Warehouse or other Place belonging to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be fold, and who has entered into such Bond, with Sureties, as is aforesaid, as often as shall be thought necessary, although the Person or Persons purchasing the same shall live wthin fifteen Miles of the Sea, such Wool b ing removed, and such Person or Persons giving such Notice of the lodging and housing thereof, as is required by the said Act of the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any Wool (horn, or housed, laid up or lodged within ten Miles of the Sea Side, within the Counties of Kent and Sussex, or either of them, from being removed or carried to any Town, Field, or Place, where a regular and established Fair shall be held for the Sale of Wool; and in case the same shall not be sold or disposed of at such Fair, to bring back such Wool to the House or Place from whence the same had been taken; provided that, previous to the Removal of such Wool, a Permit be taken out containing the Quantity of the Wool to be removed, and to continue in force for and during such Time as may be necessary for the Removal of the same to the Fair as aforesaid, and the returning thereof to the House or Place from whence the same had been taken, in case the same shall not be sold or disposed of.at such Fair, and the proper Officers are hereby required to grant all such Permits upon Application to them made for that Purpose from the Grower of the Wool.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Permit shall accompany the Wool for the Removal of which the same shall have been granted, and shall, in case of such Wool being sold or disposed of at the Fair where to the same shall be carried, be produced by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof to the proper Officer or Officers, who shall then grant to such Purchaser or Purchasers another Permit, or other Permits, for the taking such Wool from such Fair, and which Permit or Permits shall specify the Quantity of Wool to be moved, and the Time during which it shall be to continue in force.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Return of any such Wool unsold to the House or Place from whence the same shall have been taken, the same shall become subject and liable to the same Rules, Restrictions, and Laws, as it would have been in case the same had never been moved, or taken to any Fair-as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall counterfeit, erase, or in any wise alter any Certificate or Acknowledgment in the said recited Act mentioned, or any Licence, Certificate, or Instrument hereby directed to be made or given, or shall cause or procure the same or either of them to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any Respect, or shall knowingly make use of any counterfeited or altered Licence, Certificate, or Acknowledgment, he, she, or they (o offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence to any Person or Persons who shall iue for the same.

XXVc And be it further enacted, That no Wool, or any other the aforesaid Woollen or Worsted Articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be removed or carried towards the Sea, within five Miles of the Sea Couft of any Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon any Pretence whatever, between Sun-setting and Sun-rising, upon Pain of the same being forfeited, together with the Horses, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, in and by which such Wool, and other the said Woollen and Worsted Articles, shall be so conveying, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons seizing the same; and the Driver or Drivers of every such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, knowing thereof, and being thereof convicted, shall be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of one Month, there to remain without Bail or Main prize.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the last aforesaid Clause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any Farmer or Grower of Wool from removing or carrying at any Time after Sun-setting, such Wool as shall have been (horn that Day, from the Place or Places of (hearing the same to the Dwelling House or Store House of such Farmer or Grower, although such Removal shall be towards the Sea, and within five Miles of the Coast thereof.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from carrying and conveying, at any Time, any Parcels of Woollen or Worsted Yarn twisted, of two or more Threads, and manufactured and prepared for Knitting, so as each Parcel be bena fide directed to, and carrying for and to the Residence or Shop of some Retailer or Retailers of such Woollen or Worsted Yarn, and so as there be not more than fourteen Pounds Weight directed to and carrying for any one Person at the same Time, and so as such Parcel be marked according to the Directions of the Act or Acts of Parliament requiring the marking thereof.

x Wool may be

fold, &c. within 15 Vfiles of the Sea in Kent and Surrey*, where the lJar its have given the Bond required, &c.

Wool shorn or ho'il-d winin to Miles oft htSeain Kent and Sussex, may be carried to Fairs for Sale, &c. on Permit.

Permits for Wool so sold to be produced to the Officer, &c.

Wool returned unsold 'rom Fairs to be subject t > the same Rules as before Removal.

Persons counter* feitinz Ortifi-ca'es, &c. to fotfeii 201.

Wool, &c. removing bei ween fiun- fe’ting and Sun-rising, within five Miles of the Sea, to be forfeited, &c.

but not to extend to Wool ihrrn, and carried after Sun-setting, th* same Day t-»ilie Owners Houses. Worsted Yarn, not exc-ed.ng 14.I. prepaicd fur ting, imv be carried to Retail Shops, Ire.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 461

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, Woolflocks, Worsted Bay, or Woollen Yarn, shall be packed up in any other lockage otherwise than Packs or Trusses of Leather or Canvas, commonly called Pack Cloths, or in Linen 01 Woollen; and that all such Packs or Trustes of Leather, Canvass, Linen, or Woollen, shall be ft imped or marked on the Ouifide thereof with the Word Wool^ in large Characters, not less than three Inch s in Length, on Forfeiture of all such Wool, or other the aforesaid Articles, to the Person or Persons seizing the same, and also upon Forfeiture, by the Person or Persons to whom such Wool or other aforesaid Articles dull belong, of any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Shilling for every Pound Weight of such Wool, or other the aforesaid Articles so seized, to the Person or Persons seizing the same, as the Court or Justices before whom such Wool, or other the aforesaid Articles, shall be condemned, shall direct: Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Person from packing or putting any Worsted or Woollen Yarn in Paper, so that such Paper is Fairly directed to the Person or Persons to whom the lame is intended'to be sent, and the Word WorJhd or Tarn, as the Caie may be, wrote or marked thereon, in Letters not Ids than one Inch in Length, and that the Quantity in any one such Paper contained do not exceed fourteen Pounds in Weight.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Complaint or Information respecting the Word I Tool not being stamped or marked on the Outside of the Package of such last enumerated Articles, according to the Directions of this ACI, shall be made, shall and may, and they are hereby empowered, if they shall so think fit, to order and direct the Wool, and other the said herein-before enumerated Articles which shall have been seized, to be returned to and delivered up to the Owner or Owners thereof; but that in every such Case the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred by such Offence shall not be mitigated or reduced below Sixpence for every Pound Weight of such Wool, or Articles so seized.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who shall pack any Wool, or other the aforesaid Woollen or Worsted Articles, in any Box, Barrel, Calk, Case, Chest, or any other Package, otherwise than according to the Directions herein-before contained, or who shall press together, or cause or procure to be prelied together, with any Screws, Prefies, or other Engine, any Wool whatsoever, or any Yarn made of Wool, or other the Woollen or Worsted Articles by this Act prohibited from being exported, into any Pack, Truss, or other Wrapper, or put, press, pack, or stealn the same, or cause to be put, preflbd, packed, or stealned, into any Butt, Pipe. Hogshead, Chest, or other Cask or Vessel, upon any Pretence whatsoever, shall forfeit all such Wool, or other aforesaid Woollen or Worsted Articles, with the Package thereof, and three Shillings for every Pound Weight of Wool, or other such Woollen or Worsted Articles, so put, prefied, packed, or stealned, the Whole of which Penalties shall go and be paid, by the Owner or Packer of such Wool, or other the aforesaid Woollen or Worsted Articles, to the Person or Persons who shall seize the feme, or sue for such For- feiture.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall press together, or cause or procure to be prefied together, with any Screws, Prefies, or other Engine, any Wool, or other the Woollen or Worsted Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, into any Truss, Sack, Pack, Bag, or other Wrapper, or shall put, press, pack, or stealn the same, or cause or procure to be put, preifed, packed, or stealned into any Butt, Pipe, Hogshead, Chest, or any other Calk or Vessel, upon any Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person or Persons (b offending, and all Person and Persons aiding and assisting in such packing, shall, over and above the Penalties and borfeitures before mentioned, be subject and liable to the same Pains and Penalties as are herein-before directed to be inflicted upon Exporters of Wool.; and the Court and Justices by and before whoni such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and hereby have Power and Authority to punish every such Offender accordingly: Provided always, That in case any Person or Persons who may have assisted in such illegal Package shall, before his, her, or their being apprehended for the same, appear before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and then and there make a true Discovery of the Mailer Packer, and other the Persons concerned in such illegal Package, so that he, she, or they may be prosecuted to Conviction, then the Person or Persons giving such Information shall not be liable to the Pains and Penalties aforesaid, and, on the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, shall be entitled to the Wool, or other the Woollen or Worsted Articles so packed: Provided always, That in case the Mailer Packer, or any Person or Persons assisting in such Package, shall, before any Information shall be taken against him, her, or them therein, discover to any Justice of the Peace the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by whom he, she, or they was or were employed to pack or press the feme, so that such Person or Persons by whom he, she, or they, was or were employed, may be prosecuted to Conviction for the same, then such Master Packer, or the Person or Persons who shall give such Information, shall no; be liable to the Pams and Penalties aforesaid, and shall be entitled to the Woo), or other the Woollen or Worsted Articles 10 lent to be packed; and the Person or Persons directing such Wool, or other the aforesaid Woollen or Worsted Articles, so to be packed, shall, on Conviction for the lame, be liable to and shall fuller the Pains and Penalties herein-before directed to be inflicted on Exporters of Wool.

XXXII. And whereas great Quantities of Wool are frequently lying at the publick Wharfs in di Trent Ports of Great Britain, which W ool being under no Controul of the Commissioners of the Custom \ c r 4 their Officers, eviLdisposed Persons may in the Night Time put the same on boa d V t ifels ready for fai f

to Foreign Parts; and also in many cases, where Wool is regularly entered to be put on board V s

bound Coastways, it is taiy to put on board such Vessels in the Nigh* Time alirger Numb. ro jof Wool than have been duly entered for that Purpose, and which, by being concealed under iuo. t a,

How Woo’, ScCm is to be packed.

Penalty for Kok

Worsted Yarn may he racked in Paper if marked, Scc.

Justice* may order Wool, Arc. unrtamped on the Package to be returned, but not to mitigate, the Penalty be-1 w 6 d. per lb. Weight.

Wool, See, not

packed according to this Act to be forfeited, and 3 t. for every lb. Weight.

Persont packing Wool, See, contrary to thtiAtf, or assisting the rein, to be liable to the same Penalties as Er porters of Wool. r

Person* assisting in (ueh illegal Ptckage, giving Intorma ion ut the M «fler Packer Ac-, or Mailer r'acke s. Sc difeovrring their £,*r.plo\-t«S to be tn« taie.i to the \N col,

an4 ’he Emp^r-

Cf> to be li i to the P< n

Wool,

462

Whirfinpcri to enter into Bond not illegally to fljtp Wool, and

to keep an Account of Wool, See,

Penalty on refuting to give B. nd, or to keep an Account of Wool, dec. or for suffering it to be illegally Slipped.

Informerato be entitled 104.01.

Wharfingers to give an Account to «he proper Officer of the Quantity of Wo< 1 received, on Penalty of 101.

Peculations for shipping Wool, &c. ro be carried Coastwise.

C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

c have been duly entered, cannot easily be discovered, and which Wool may, after the said Ship has pro ceded feme Way on her intended Voyage, be put on board other Vessels bound to Foreign Parts:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons who shall keep any Wharf for the Reception of Wool in or at any Port in Great Britain shall, within six Months after the passing of this Act, and every Person and Persons who shall hereafter keep any such Wharf shall within one Month next after he, she, or they shall begin to keep the same, enter into a Bond to the Use of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of two hundred Pounds, and which shall be deposited with the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of London, that no Part of the Woo! which shall be lodged or deposited with him, her, or them, shall, with his, her, or their Privity or Content, be illegally put on board any Ship or Vessel; and such Wharfinger shall also keep a regular Entry and Account of the Quantity of Bags or Cloths of Wool by them received and delivered, the Time when, and the Names and Residence of the Persons from whom such Wool was so received, and to whom such Wool wasfo delivered, with the Marks and Numbers upon the Sheets, and Weight of such Wool, a Copy of which Account shall be by him, her, or them delivered to the "principal Officers of the Customs, at the Port at which such Wharfinger shall reside, at the End of every six Months, and oftener if the same shall be required by such Officer; and if any WnarfinJjer shall refuse to enter into such Bond as aforesaid, within the said respective Times, he, she, or they so retufing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of two hundred Pounds to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and in case such Wharfinger shall refuse to fcsp and deliver such Account, or shall be convicted of keeping or delivering a false Account, every such Wharfinger shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and moreover, if such Wharfinger shall at any Time knowingly permit or suffer any such Wool to be put on board any Ship or Velfei, otherwise than according to t're Diressions in this Act contained, then such Wharfinger, and also all and every Person and Persons who shall be aiding and assisting the rein, shall on Conviction be subject and liable to the Pains and Penalties herein-before enacted against the Exporters of Wool; and a <y Person giving Information, so as that such Wharfinger, Person and Persons, or any of them, may be convicted, every such Informer shall be entitled to the Sum of forty Pounds, which Sum shall be paid to such Informer by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs immediately after such Conviction.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Persons keeping a Wharf at which any Wool shall be lodged or received shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, within seven Dayi next after he, she, or they shall receive any Wool at such Wharf by Land Carriage, or by Inland Navigation, to transmit or deliver a Note in Writing, signed by the Owner of such Wharf, or his, her, or their Agent, which shall certify and acknowledge the Quantity of Wool so received, and the Number of Sheets in which the same is contained, to the Customer or Comptroller at the Port at which such-Wharf shall be kept, in cale there shall happen to be at such Port or Place any such Officer, and for want thereof, to such other Officer of the Customs (if any) as shall happen to be it at oned at such Port or Place, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect, the Sum of ten Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXIV. And, the better to prevent any fraudulent Exportation of Wool, Woolsels, Mnrtling?, c Shortiings, combed Wool, Woolflocks, or Woollen Bay Yarn, Worlled Yarn, Cruels, or Wool flighdy manufactured, and which are hereby prohibited from being* exported, under the Pretence of carrying the same Coastwise in the Kingdom of Great Britain ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool, or any other the Lift before enumerated Articles, and wh-ch are hereby prohibited* froih being exported, shall be put on board any Ship, Velfei, or Boat, to be carried Coastwise, or from one Port in Great Britain to another, unless Notice be first given to the Commissioners or Chief Managers of the Customs, or to the Customer, or Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port from which the same is intended to be sent, of the Quantity, Quality, and Package, together wich the Marks, Numbers and Weight thereof, with the Name of the Ship, and Master or Commander, on board of which the said Goods are to be laden, together with the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners of the said Goods and the Place of his or their Abode or Habitation, and the Place and Port at which the same are intended to be landed,^nd the Names of the Person or Persons to whom the same are consigned; and also unless a Bond be first entered into to the Use of the King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by two good and sufficient Persons, in treble the Value of the said Goods so intended to be carried Coastwise, that the same shall (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be landed accordingly, which said Bond shall be executed by the Owner or Owners of the said Goods, or some Person or Persons by him, her, or them appointed to execute the same, and which Execution shall be deemed to be the Act of such Owner or Owners or Shipper or Shippers thereof; which said Shipper or Shippers, if acting as Agent, or having fold such Goods to any Person or Persons, shall and may sue for and recover, of and from the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Goods so shipped, all such Sum and Sums of Money as such Shipper or Shippers (bailor may pay, expend, or be put unto, without their wilful Default or Negligence, for or by reason of his her, or their entering into such Bond or Bonds; and in case any such Bond or Bonds shall be so entered into for any Wool, or any other the last herein-before enumerated Articles, being the Property of different Persons, then such Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons for whose Account such Bond wasfo entered into, shall be accountable for his, her, or their Share of the Money so expended, in Proportion to the Amount of such Goods so shipped; and also, unless a Licence be first taken out under the Hands of the Commissioners or Chief Managers of the Customs for the Time being, or any three of them, or from the Customer, or Collector and Comptroller of the Customs where any such Bona is given, for die lading, Parrying, or landing thereof as aforesaid, which Licence they are hereby required to grant without any

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

Fee or Reward, or any other Charge, to the Person demanding the same; any Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And if any Wool, or other of the said last mentioned Goods, shall be carried or laden on board any Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, in order to be carried Coastwise, or from one Port to another, before such Bond shall be entered into, and such Licence taken out as aforesaid, and before all the Directions in this Act made to prevent the Exportation thereof shall be fully and duly complied with, then all such Wool, and other such last mentioned Articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with the Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, in which such Goods shall be so laden or put on board, and all the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, of or belonging to such Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons fird informing thereof.

XXXV. And whereas in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ there are a great many Lochs or Inlets of the Sea, to and upon which it may be unavoidably necessary to carry Wool, and other the said enumerated Articles, from one Part of the Goad of such Lochs or Inlets to another Part of the Coads of the same Lochs or Inlets, respectively, on board Boats or other Vessels; and that there are also, adjacent to the Coads of Scotland, a great many Blands from whence Wool, the Produce of the said Islands, mult necessarily be brought to the Mainland of Scotland, or be carried from such Mainland to the said Islands,

by Boats or other Vesselsp be it therefore enacted, That the carrying, shipping, or landing of Wool, and other the said enumerated Articles, to such Intent or Purposes aforesaid, only to or in such Lochs or Inlets, or from such Islands to the Mainland of Scotland\ or from such Mainland to such Islands, shall not be deemed Or taken to be carry ing, shipping, or landing of Wool, or other the Lid Articles, for the Purpose of carrying the same Coastwise; nor shall the carrying, shipping, or landing of such Wool, or other the said hereinbefore enumerated Articles, to or in such Lochs or Inlets, or from such Islands to the Mainland of Scotland, or from such Mainland to such Islands, for such Intent or Purposes as aforesaid only, be subject or liable to the Restrictions or Regulations herein contained, rejecting the #carrying, shipping, and landing of Wool, and other the said Articles intended to be carried Coastwise, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall authorise the carrying such Wool, or any other the said Articles, to open Sea, save as aforesaid, but under such Restrictions and Regulations as are herein for that Purpose mentioned and expressed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Wool, Woolsels, Mort-lings, Shortlings, combed Wool, Woolflocks, Woollen or Bay Yarn, Worded Yarn, Cruels, or Wool (lightly manufadhired, shall be shipped to be carried Coastwise under the Authority of this Act, the Customer, or Collector and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs at the Port from whence such Goods shall have been shipped, shall, immediately on the Clearance of such Ship at such Port, transmit a Notice in Writing, setting forth the Quantity, Quality, and Package of such Wool, or other the said last mentioned Articles, together with the Marks and Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship in which the same shall be shipped, and of the Matter or Commander thereof, to the Custoraer or Collector and Comptroller of the Port to which such Wool, and other the said last mentioned Articles, are intended to be conveyed, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be paid by the Officer neglecting to transmit such Notice, which said Penalty shall be paid to the Person who shall inform against such Officer; and that the Bond > herein-before directed to be entered into on the shipping of the said Wool, and other the said last mentioned Articles, shall not be discharged until a Certificate, under the Hand and Seal of the Customer, or Collector and Comptroller of the Port or Place in Great Britain where the same were landed, expressing the Quantity, Quality, and Package, Marks, Numbers, Name of the Ship and Master, out of which such Wool, and other the said last mentioned Articles, were landed, shall be produced to and left with the Person or Persons in whose Possession such Bond shall be kept, at the Customhouse of the Port from whence the said Wool* and other the said last mentioned Articles, were shipped, and which Certificate the said Customer, or Collector and Comptroller of the said Port at which such Wool, and other the said last mentioned Articles, shall be landed, is hereby required to transmit to the Customer, Collector, and Comptroller at the Port from whence the same were shipped, within the Space of seven Days next after the landing thereof, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be paid by the Officer neglecting to transmit such Certificate to the Person or Persons who shall inform against such Officer; and the said Customer, or Collector and Comptroller at the Port at which such Wool, or other the said last mentioned Articles, shall be landed, shall also grant and deliver another Certificate of such landing to the Masters or Commanders of the Ship or Vessel from which the same shall be landed, without Fee or Reward, when the same shall be requested; and that all such Bonds-as shall remain undischarged by such Certificate for the Space of six Calendar Months, shall he transmitted to the Commissioners of the Customs at London, who are hereby required to put them in Suit immediately; and if the Wool, or other the said Articles mentioned in such Notices, shall not be landed at the Port to which the same were consigned within a reasonable Time for that Purpose, then the Customer, or Collector and Comptroller at the Port to which the same were licensed to be font, shall transmit a Notice thereof to the Customer, or Collector and Comptroller at the Port from whence such Wool or other Articles were shipped, in order that proper Inquiry may be immediately made in what Manner the same have been disposed of or delivered, and which Inquiry the Lid Customer, or Collector and Comptroller, is and are hereby required to make without Delay.

Port of shipping, who it to inquire how it has

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wool or any other the said herein-before enumerated Woollen or Worsted Articles, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, shall be put on board-any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, bound-to Parts beyond the Seas, on any Pretence what-28 Geo. III. 3 P soever,

+63

If Wool, &c. be not shippedtube carried Coast-wise, according to this Act, to fce forfeited, with the VeflfcU

__ J

Woo!, Are. may be carried front one Part to an* other of the Lochs, or from HUnds to the Mainland, ia Scotland,

bat not to Sea, except ender the Regulations of thr* Act.

C iftomer at the Poit of shipping not fending proper Notice to the Officer at the Port for which Wool, &c. is shipped, to forfeit-loi.

Bonds given on shipping Wool,

Scc. to be discharged by a Certificate from the Officer at the Port of Landing

which be i> to transmit to the Officer at the Port of shipping within7 Days, on Penaltyofiol* Certificate of landing to be given the Maftef of the Vessel. Bonds not discharged in fit Months to be sent to the Commissioners of Customs.

Notice of Wool not landed in a reasonable Time to be sent to the Officer at the been di(poled of.

Wool, ftc. ship* pedfor Parts be--jond the Sear, to* be forfeited, and the Vesseit#

464

M after* to be subject to the Penalties,-xccpt thny discoverihe Sippets*

Hf afters of Vessels not legularly cleared out to Foreign Parts, at veil as all on board privytoany illicit Transaction, to be liable to the facie Pc* nalties as Exporters of Wool.

Informer! to be entitled to 401*

MafttrofVefTels or Drivers of Carts, Arc. exempted from Punishfnenr, tfit is proved from the Smallness of the Qpantitythat they were not privy to Wool, Ike* being in tfcuVc4rdi,&e.

but the WooV Ike. to be forfeited#

Fort Officer t*

keep a Regift* r of all Woo), 6ec. font Coastwise, and to fend a Copy half-yearly to the Com m i ffooners of Cufo. tom.

C. 3 8. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

soever, under the Penalty of Forfeiture, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons who shall inform thereof, of all such Goods, and also of such Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, on which such Goods shall be so laden or put onboard, and all the Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture belonging to such Ship, Veil'd, Bottom, or Boat; and moreover the Matter or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, shall in such Case be deemed the Exporter thereof, and shall be subject and liable to the Pains and Penalties in such Case made and provided, unless such Matter or Commander shall and do, immediately upon his being apprehended, discover and make known the Person or Persons who actually shipped such Goods, and enter into a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties, before some Justice of the Peace for the County, City, Borough, or Place, in or at which such last mentioned Goods shall be discovered, to prosecute and give Evidence against such Shipper, so that he may be convicted thereof.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the above Exception contained shall extend to the Matters or Commanders of Ships or Vessels not regularly clearing out to Foreign Parts, but that if any Wool or other the said last mentioned Goods, shall be discovered on board any such Ship or Vessel, and where no such Clearance can be exhibited, then and in such Case the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed the Shipper of such Goods, and such Master or Commander, and also all and every Person and Persons on board any such Ship or Vessel, knowing of any such illicit Transaction, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties herein-before enacted against the Exporters of Wool: Provided also, That in case any Person or Persons on board any Ship not regularly cleared out to Foreign Parts, other than the Master or Commander thereof, shall, immediately on his or their being apprehended, give Information, so that such Master or Commander may be convicted, or the Ship or Vessel condemned, every such Person and Persons so informing shall not be liable to any Pains or Penalties to which he or they might otherwise be liable, and shall also be entitled to a Reward of forty Pounds, which Reward shall be paid to such Informer or Informers by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs immediately after such Conviction.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this A.St contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from being received, in any Suit or Information brought for the Forfeiture of any Vessel bound Coastwise, or to Foreign Parts, which shall have been regularly cleared out, and also the (juns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, for or on account of any Wool, or any other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, which shall be found or discovered on board any such Vessel so regularly cleared out, or for the Forfeiture of any other Ship or Vessel, other than such as shall not have been regularly cleared out, or for the Forfeiture of any Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Horses, or other Beast of Borden, wherein or whereupon any Wool, or any other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, shall be laid, or which shall be carrying or conveying the same, or in any Prosecution which shall be brought against the Master or Commander of such vessel, Owner or Driver of such Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden, in order to shew, from the Smallness of the Quantity of the said Wool, or other the said Articles, that the same were on board such Vessel, or within such Waggon, Cart, oc Carriage, or upon such Horse or Beast of Burden, without the Knowledge and Privity of the Owner, or of the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Vessel, or the Care of such Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden, and without any wilful Neglect, or Want of rea-lonable Care in the Discharge of the Duty of such Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, or the Care of such Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden; and in every such Case where Proof shall be made, from the Smallness of the Quantity of Wool, or other the said Articles, and other Circumstances, that such small Quantity was on board (udi Vessel, or within such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, or upon such Horse or Beast of Burden, without the Knowledge, Privity, or Content either of the Owner, or the Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, or the Care of such Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden, and without any wilful Neglect, or Want of reasonable Care, either in the Owner, or in the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, or the Care of such Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden, then, and in every such Case, such Owner, Master, or Commander, or Crew, on board such Ship or Vessel, Person or Persons, shall not be punished, nor shall such Ship or Vessel, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture belonging thereto, or such Waggon, CaTt, or other Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden, be forfeited, for or on account of such* small Quantity of Woo!, or other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, having been found or discovered on board of (Itch Ship or Vessel; or within such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or upon such* Horse or other Beast of Burden.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That die Wool, and other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, hereby prohibited from being exported, which shall be found on board any such Ship or Vessel, or within such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, or upon such Horse oc Beast of Burden, shall be forfeited to the Person or Persons who shall find, discover, and seize the feme.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Register of all Wool, and other the Articles before enumerated, and sent Coastwise, with the Quantity, Quality, and Package thereof, the Name of the Ship and Matter, the Name of the Shipper or Shippers of such Goods, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be conngned, and Kis or their Place of Abode, and also a Register of the Return of the landing of the Wool or other Articles so shipped, shall be kept by the Customer, or Collector or Comptroller at each Port, and a Copy thereof shall be transmitted once in every six Months to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at the Port of Lwwfeff* there to be registered

ilk

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

in 2 Book to be kept at the Custom-house, by some Person or Persons to be by the said Commissioners appointed for that Purpose, and which Register and Registers shall at ail leafon.ible Times be inspected, on Payment of the Sum of one Shilling by any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Application for that Purpose; and 2 printed Copy of such Registry shall, within sixty Days next after the End of each Year, be transmitted by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at the said Poit of London to the respective Custom-houses within this Kingdom, and which said Copies so transmitted shall be inspected by any Person, on Payment of the like Fee in Manner aforesaid, upon Application for that Purpose.

XLII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, who shall ship or load any Wool to be carried Coastwise, shall, at any Time, under any Pretence whatsoever, unpack, or permit or Suffer to be unpacked, any Wool to him delivered (except by or through absolute Necessity*; of which Necessity such Matter and Commander shall make Oath in Writing before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on his Arrival at the Port to which such Wool shall be consigned), upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Bag so unpacked, the Sum or forty Shillings to the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Wool.

XL1IL And, for the better preventing of Frauds in the collusive landing of any Wool, or Woollen or Worsted Yarn, or in the shipping or landing any of the Several Articles herein-before enumerated, carried Coastwise; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the said Articles carried Coastwise shall be shipped or landed, but in the Presence of the proper Officers appointed to attend the same, nor at any other Place or Places than the lawful Quays set out in the Manner prescribed by the Act of Frauds passed in the fourteenth Year of King Charles the Second, for England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed\ and by the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for settling a Court of Exchequer in Scotland for that Part of the united Kingdom, or at such other Wharfs or Places as the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three of them (and which they are hereby empowered to do), shall from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, appoint for that Purpose (such Appointment to continue in force until they shall revoke the same), without Special Sufferance and Leave had and obtained from the Commissioners or principal Officers of the Customs, upon Pain of forfeiting the said Wool, or other Articles, or the Value thereof, and three Shillings for every Pound Weight of such Wool, or other Articles, to be paid, by the Person or Persons concerned in such unlawful shipping or landing, to the Person or Persons who shall inform thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cocquets for carrying Wool, or any other the aforesaid Articles, from any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or the Isles aforesaid, shall be written on Paper, and not Parchment, and Signed by three or more of the chief Officers of such respective Ports, and all Certificates of landing the same again, in any other of the said Ports, shall be written upon Paper only, and Signed -in like Manner; and that all such Wool, and other the aforesaid Articles, both at shipping and landing, shall be weighed in the Preknee of the said Officers giving such Cocquets and Certificates respectively, and that the exact Weight, Marks, and Numbers, of such WopI, and other the aforesaid Articles, so shipped and landed, shall be likewise particularly expressed in the said Cocquets and Certificates respectively, and written therein, without any Obliteration, Erasure, or Interlineation whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, by way of Insurance or otherwise, shall undertake or agree that any Sheep, Wool, or any other of the Articles herein-before enumerated, shall be carried or conveyed to any Parts beyond the Peas, from any Port or Place whatsoever within this Kingdom, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or in pursuance of such Insurance, Undertaking, or Agreement, shall deliver, or cause or procure to be delivered, any Sheep, Wool, or any of the said Articles, in any Parts beyond the Seas, Inch Person or Persons, and all and every their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, shall, upon his and their Conviction, be liable to be punched in the same Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the Exporters of Wool.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whosoever, who shall pay or agree to pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the insuring, conveying, or exporting any Sheep, Wool, or other the Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, upon his and their Conviction, be liable to be punished in Manner as herein-before directed respecting the Exporters of Sheep or Wool; and moreover, such Sheep, Wool, or Articles aforesaid, which shall be so insured, shall become forfeited to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Tnfurer, Conveyor, or Manager of or in such Fraud, or the Person or Persons agreeing to insure, convey, or manage therein, do and shall, within the Space of six Months after such Transaction or Agreement, first give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain for the Time being, so as the Person or Persons concerned with him, her, or them in such Offence be convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so first making such Discovery, shall not only be dearly acquitted and discharged of such Offence, and from the Pu-DUhment to which he, she, or they is or are liable by reason thereof, but shall also have, to his, her, or dheir own Use, such Sheep, Wool, and other the Articles herein enumerated, and which shall be insured, after the Charges of Prosecution are deduced, and shall likewise retain and enjoy, to his, her, and their own Use, the Insurance Money or Reward given or paid to him, her, or them therein; and in case the-Party or Parties insured shall, within the like Space of six Months, first make Discovery thereof to the said Commissioners of the Customs, so as the Person or Persons concerned with him, her, or them in such Offence, shall be convicted thereof, he, she, or they so first discovering, shall recover and receive back such

.465

The Ffgifter at the CuHnoi-ho*ife »n l.r'iv’oii

tu be nfpr^ted

for 1 (. and a C >py of it irjnf-mitre annually to* very Custom-house.

If Wool shipped to be carried C* all wife be unpacked, the Master of the Vessel to forfeit 40 v. for each Bag.

Wool, See* car-tied Coastwise, tol-e shipped and landed in the Presence of an Officer, and at lawfulQuayr, oa Penalty of Forfeiture of the Wool, end 3 U for everyth*

Cocquets and Certificates to ha written on Pa-Per 5

the Weight, de« of Wool, drc. to be expressed in them.

Person* insuring the Conveyance of Sheeps tec. to Foreign Pa»u, liable to the same Penalties as Exporter* of Wool and

Persons paying for such IoFrance, liable to the like Penalties, and to for-/ sett the Articles insured.

Any Person concerned in such Insurance giving loforma ion to,

the Commission-era of the Customs, to have the Sheep, itc* or if the Informant be insured, to' receive back the Premium, !tc«

Policies of Insurance Co he void, if made on Wool, Uc. Co Foiciga Part*

Coflnmarwkrt,

Sec. of King*a Ships to search Vefleh, tnd seize such as have Sheep, See, on board without a Licence*

WholjAc.whea leieed, to be lodged in the King's Ware-Louse till condemned}

Wool* &c. and Vesseli to be. Ibid.

end the Produce divided as herein mentioned.

Penalty en

Commander* oP Ship^ neglecting their Du.y.

Jitformers of such Neglect to *0 be paid 40 L

No Perform except an Offiterof the Cuftjms.&c. to seize Sheep &c. without a Ccu&iblt*

C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Insurance Money or Premium, as he, she, or they have or hath paid upon such Insurance or Agreement; and in case the said Insurance Money or Premium shall not at the Time of such Discovery be actually paid, then the Person or Persons so first discovering is and are hereby saved harmless and indemnified from paying the same, or any Part thereof, and all and every the Agreement or Agreements entered into for paying such Monies is and are hereby declared to be null and void, and the Person and Persons so first discovering shall also be clearly acquitted and discharged of and from the Punishment hereby directed to be infli<3ed upon him, her, or them, and to which he, she, or they would have been otherwise liable.

XLVIII. And whereas Policies of Insurance are commonly made on Goods and Merchandizes, as well as on Ships and Vessels, wherein the Insurer undertakes, in consideration of a Premium given him by the AiTurcd, to bear all the Rifle and Hazard of the Voyage, and it is generally unknown to the Insurers what Sort of Goods and Merchandizes are laden on board any Ship or Vessel; whereby it frequently may happen that Insurances may be made on Wool or Woollen Yarn, or other the Articles hereby prohibited to be exported, to be carried from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, as well as on the Ships or Vessels having on board such Wool, Woollen Yarn, or other Articles: And whereas the discouraging of all such Insurances may be a Means to prevent the fraudulent Exportation of such Wool, Woollen and Worsted Yarn, and other the said herein-before enumerated Articles;* be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Policies of Insurance which shall be made on Goods and Merchandizes laden or to be laden on any Ship or Vessel bound from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, which shall afterwards appear to be Wool, Woollen or Worsted Yarn, or any of the before enumerated Articles hereby prohibited from being expoited, shall be deemed and taken to be null and void, notwithstanding any Words or Agreement whatsoever which shall be inserted in any such Policy of Insurance, and nothing shall be recovered by the Assured from the Insurer for Loss or Damage, or for the Premium which shall have been given as the Consideration for insuring such Wool, Woollen or Worsted Yarn, or such other Articles; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the Masteror Commander, or any other commissioned or deputed Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships or Sloops, in any Port, Creek, or Road, or in the open Seas, within the Limits of the Station which shall be assigned to any such Ships or Sloops, and he is hereby required to enter and search, or cause to be entered and searched any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and if upon such Search any Sheep, Wool, or any other of the said Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be found therein, and the Master or Commander of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall not immediately produce to the Commander of such Ship or Sloop a lawful Cocquetor Warrant, licensing such Articles to be carried Coastwise, or to the said Kies, or feme of them, such Commander is hereby directed to take and seize such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and to carry the same, together with the Crew and Cargo thereof, into some Port in Great Britain, and there deliver the same into the Custody of the Collector and Comptroller of such Port.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Wool, and other the said Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, found on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and which are hereby declared to be forfeited, and which shall have been so seized by any of his Majesty*$ Ships or Sloops, shall be lodged in the King’s Warehouse in such Port where the same shall be taken or seized, or into which the same shall be brought, until condemned according to Law, and being so condemned, such Wool and other such Articles shall be exposedpublickly to Sale, after forty Days publick Notice being given in Writing at the Custom-house of the said Port, and on the Royal Exchange of London, by Inch of Candle, to the last and best Bidder; and all Ships, Vessels, or Boats, that shall be so seized, and which are hereby declared to be forfeited, and which shall be condemned as aforesaid shall, together with all their Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, be exposed to Sale in like Manner, and the Produce of the Wool^ or such aforesaid Articles, Ships, Vessels, or Boats, so (bid as aforesaid, after deducing the Expences and Charges of the Prosecution and Condemnation, shall be divided ill Manner following; (that is to say,) one third Part thereof to the Commander or Commanders, one third Part totht Officers of the Ship or Ships, Sloop or Sloops', that took the same, and the Temaining third Part to the Mariners belonging to such Ship or Ships, Sloop or Sloops, to be equally divided and paid/amongst the said Mariners, by the Collectors of the said Port, or such Person or Persons as shall be authorised to pay the same; and that if such Seizure shall be made upon the Information of any Person or Persons not being a Mariner on board any such Ship or Sloops so appointed to cruise, such Informer or Informers shall not only be indemnified from the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which Exporters of the said prohibited Articles, their Aiders and Abettors, are liable* but shall also receive one third Part of the Produce of such Sate or Sales, after deducing the Expences attending the same, and the Residue thereof shall be divided and distributed in Manner as is before directed.

LL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commander of such Ship or Sloop neglecting his Duty by this Act required, shall lose and forfeit all Pay and Wages due to him or them, and suffer six Months Imprisonment, and be for ever incapable of serving his Majesty in any Office in the Navy, Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties; and that any Person or Persons giving Information Bgainst any such Commander for neglecting his Duty shall, on the Conviction of such Offender or Offenders, be entitled U* receive and have the Sum of forty Pounds, to be paid to such Informer immediately aftcrfucii Con vision, by the Commissioners of the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, or other his Majesty's Revenue as herein after mentioned, with respect to Forfeitures incurred by Persons unable bo pay the same*

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to prevent collusive Seizures and Agreements, and fraudulent Practices, whereby the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted* by this Act/ZU? be ft ftiaii 09c be lawful for any Person or Pecfops*, except;an* Officer of hi* Ma-

jW*

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

G. 38. 467

Constablff, Are# nrg'e:iing their Duty to lostcit so J.

jesty’s Customs, Excise, or Sale Duties, who shall have Cause to suspect that any Sheep, Wool, or any of the before enumerated Articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, is or are carrying or conveying contrary to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to examine or seize such Sheep, Wool, and other the said enumerated Articles, other than together and in Company with a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required, on Application being made to him or them, immediately to attend the Person or Persons applying for such Assistance; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable or other Officer of the Peace, or if any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, upon Application being made to him for that Purpose, fllall neglect or refuse to attend any Person or Persons who shall make such Application, or shall neglect ins Duty in the Premises, every such Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, and Officer of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety whereof, when recovered, and after deducting the Costs and Charges of recovering the same,

shall go to the Person or Persons filing for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of Noting ?n thi* the Parish or Place where the Offence shall have been committed: Provided always, That nothing in this Act touke Act contained shall extend, or be ronftrued to extend, to take away the Power hereby given to the Com- *W37 thrower manders and Officers of his Majesty's Ships of War, or armed Sloops, to take and seize any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, having therein any Sheep, Wool, or other the said enumerated Articles, the Mailer or Commander whereof shall not produce any such Cocquet or Warrant as aforesaid.

*. LIV. And, to prevent any Dispute relating to the Authority of any Person or Persons acting as an Officer or as Officers of the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties in this Kingdom, for putting in Execution this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, by Deputation, Commission, or other In ft rumen t, under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties in this Kingdom, or the Ifies aforesaid respectively, shall be appointed to act as an Officer or Servant under them for putting this Act in Execution, shall be esteemed an Officer of the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer of the Revenue, or other Person or Persons, shall, directly or indirectly, make any collusive Seizure or Information of any of the said Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or any fraudulent or collusive Agreement whatsoever, whereby the Owner or Claimer thereof, their Agents or Servants, or any Offender or Offenders against this Act, may avoid the Forfeitures, Punishments, and Penalties, or any Part thereof, incurred or inflicted by this Act, he, (lie, and they shall, upon Conviction, be subject to the like Penalties as are herein-before directed to be incurred by the Exporters of Wool; and every such Information and Seizure, and all the Proceedings thereupon had, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, for the Benefit only of the Person or Person (bns (not being an Accomplice or Accomplices) who shall first discover such collusive Information and Sei- in the Coiu-zure: Provided nevertheless, That any Person whatsoever, concerned in any such collusive or fraudulent fi,n.

Seizure or Agreement, who shall fnft discover such his Offence to the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, shall be clearly acquitted and discharged thereof, provided he makes such Discovery within the Space of three Months after the Offence shall have been committed, and so as any one or more of his Accomplices therein be convicted thereof; and if such Person first making such Discovery as aforesaid, within the Time aforesaid, be not an Officer of his Majesty's Revenue, or Owner of the Goods, he or she lhaP, as a further Encouragement for making such Discovery, have and receive, to his and her own Use and Benefit, the Sum of forty Pounds, the same to be paid by the Commissioners of the Customs on the *noe °®c*r or Conviction or Convictions of such Offender or Offenders. °wher ‘f ,h"

givm to Commanders of Kind’s Ships to seize VeflVJ, See* All Persons ailing under the a urhority of th(t

Commissionera

of CustomJ, Scc# to be deemed their Officers*

Persons making c- Hu live Seizure^ See. to b« fu*>jt£l to the Penalties as Exporters of Wool;

and the Seizure*, See, to be to the Person d:(cover-

Any Person con-cemed in such Collusion, making the Aril Discovery thereof? to be acquitted $ aid if n-t a Re-

Good*, to bar* 401.

Persons opposing any one in the Execution of this Act. to ba tran (ported*

LVI. And, for the more effectual putting this Act in Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, putting this Act in Execution, shall be hindered, of-posed, obstructed, molested, wounded, or beaten, in seizing or attempting to seize any Sheep, Wool,

Woolsels, Woolflocks, Mortlings, Shortlings, or any other Species of Goods before enumerated, by any Person or Persons whom foe ver, either in the Day or Night, by Land or Water, which were intended to be exported, or which were carrying on board any Ship or Vessel contrary to this Act, the Person or Persons who shall so hinder, oppose, obstruct, molest, wound, or beat, any such Person or Persons, in the making, or attempting to make such Seizures as aforesaid and also all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever,-being armed with offensive Arms or Weapons, or wearing any Vizard, Maflc, or other Disguise, who shall refeue, or attempt to refeue, any Sheep, Wool, or other the Goods aforesaid, which shall have been seized according to the Directions of this Act, every such Person or Persons that shall be convicted of any of the said Offences shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, be transported to some Place beyond the Seas for such Term as such Court shall think fit, not exceeding seven Years; and if any such Offender or Offenders shall return into Great Britain before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be so transported, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, he, she, orthev, so returning, and being duly convicted thereof, shall fuller as Felons, and have Execution awarded ?gain(t them, as Persons attainted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whosoever Persons offering shall offer or pro mi fe to give any Bribe, or Recompence or Reward whatsoever, to any Officer or Officers Bribe* to connive Af the Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to connive at, or permit the Exportation or the Concealment of any Sheep, Wool, or other the Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or the removing thereof, contrary to this Act, or to conceal or connive at any other Act Whereby any of the Provisiofis hereby made may be evaded or broken, every such Person or Persons so

offending

at any Evafior» of this Act to Jos-feit 3I00U

468 C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 17$8.

offending shall, for every such Offence (whether the same Offer, Proposal, or Promise, be accepted or performed, or not), forfeit and pay the Sum of three hunited Pounds, to be recovered and applied to the Use of him, her, or them, who shall inform or sue fjr the fi ne, by Action of D,*bt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record it wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of

Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

Officenofrhe

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer of his Majesty's Ex-Excise,&c. nc- eife, Customs, or Salt Duties, neglecting the Duty by this Act required, or compounding for any Ship, VdU Shorn, Wool, or other the Articles herein-before mentioned, and which are by this Act directed to the'famePonllh- be forfeited, shall be deemed Aiders and Abettors in the Exportation of Sheep, Wool, and other the Ar-mentas Export- tides aforesaid, which are hereby prohibited from being exported, and suffer the Punishment herein enadal ers of Woafl. against the Exporters thereof.

Bonds not to he

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds taken, or to chargeable with be taken, in pursuance of this Act, shall not be chargeable with any of the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Bta.np Dutiet. Parchment, or Paper; any Law or Statute made, or to be made, to the contrary notwithstanding.

In all Profeco-

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Questions, Prosecutions, Suits, tions the Proof and Informations, which shall happen to arise or be commenced, brought, sued, or prosecuted, between or to lie upon ihe against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or committed, or neglected to have been done, contrary defendant. |0 the Directions, true Intent and Meaning of this Act, touching or concerning the Sheep, Wool, or other Articles hereby prohibited from being exported, it shall not be neteflary for the Prosecutor, or Person or Persons commencing, bringing, or prosecuting any such Suit, indictment, or Information, nor shall he, she, or they be obliged or required, upon any Hearing or Trial thereof, to prove that such Sheep was or were of the Breed of this Kingdom, or that such Wool was of the Growth of this Kingdom; but that, without any such Proof, upon every such Hearing and Trial, it shall be held, deemed, and taken, that such Sheep was or were of the Breed of this Kingdom, and such Wool of the Growth of this Kingdom, unless the contrary shall be proved by or on the Part of the Person or Persons who shall happen to be Defendant or Defendants in or upon any such Hearing or Trial; any Law or Usage to the contrary rxx-with (landing.

VmftcnAon*

LXL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, and In-

may be com- formations, to be had and commenced upon this, or upon the said recited Act of the ninth and tenth Year

encedfR*nf6 ^lS ^ate Majesty IVMiam the Third, for or in respect of any Offence or Offences doneorcom-

mi offer fitted against this or the said recited Act, or for or in respect of any Pcndty or Forfeiture in or by the said Acts, or either of them, imposed or inflated, shall and may be entered and prosecuted (except vrtiereitis in this Act otherwise directed) in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at fvijtminjhr^ or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Great Session, or Gaol Delivery, or at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or before any two Justices of the Peace for any County, City, or Place in this Kingdom, in a summary Way, at the Election of the Scizer or Informer, wherein no Essoin, Protedioo, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance.

No Prosecution

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prosecution or Into be procreformation shall be had, commenced, brought, or proceeded upon, before any two such Justices of the Peace mart w*y a summary Way, where the Seizure, Penalty, or Forfeiture then claimed shall exceed in the Whole, the

more than *001. Sum of two hundred Pounds,

J a ft ice* to order

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices who shall beaflembled

Seizures to be at any such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and also such aforesaid two Justices, shall, and they are

puiickly fold, hereby empowered and required to order and direct all such Ships, Vessels, Goods, Carriages, and Cattle, as

be lc»?edVrDi?- by ^em declared to be forfeited, and which shall have been seized by virtue of this or the said recited Act, to be publickly sold to the highest Bidder, at such Time and Place as they shall think proper and direct;

and also, by their Order or Warrant, to levy all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall have been incurred by any Offender or Offenders against this or the said recited Act, and also all such Costs as shall have been awarded upon any Appeal touching the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner and Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale.

Ho« Penalties

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one clear Moiety of the respective are to be applied. Seizures, Penalties, and Forfeitures (except the Penalties of the Bonds) by this Act directed to be instided upon Offenders against the same (except such as are by this Act otherwise directed and applied), shall, when recovered, be paid and applied to such Person or Persons who shall give such Information to any Officer of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, as may be the Means of recovering the same; and that, after deduding the Expences of recovering such Penalties, the Remainder of the other Moiety shall be paid to the Officer or Officers assisting in making any such Seizures; but that in case any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, shall make any of the Seizures herein-before directed without Information, then, after deduding the Expences of Recovery as aforesaid, the Remainder of such Produce shall be paid to the Officer or Officers seeing the same.

*erfbn« export-

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

in* Sheep, &s. any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs, Excise, or Salt Duties, Constables, and other Officer to be carried be- r Officers of the Peace, and for all Persons acting in their or any of their Aid or Assistance, to flop, arrest^ mwocom- <^eta*n anc* every the Person and Persons who shall be found actually exporting, or attempting to

mit°thea to " export, any Sheep, Wool, or any other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, or who shall be aiding

Caol*c. abetting or assisting in the exporting, or attempting to export. the same, or any of them, and him, her, and them, to carry and convey before one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace near to the rbee

whew

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 469

where the Offence shall be committed or done, and the Justice or Justices shall, if he or they fee Cause, commit the Person or Persons so brought before him or them to the County Gaol or House of Correction until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same County, Riding, Division, or Place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this Act is directed; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to examine, hear, try, and determine all and every such Offence and Offences, and, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, to punish him, her, or them, in Manner herein-before mentioned.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons who shall convey any P^son eoimy-Offender arrested by the Authority of this Act before any Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, shall, in case such Offender shall be committed to Prison as aforesaid, enter into Recognizance to his said Majesty, his iouJR-^ Heirs and Successors, before such Justice, in the Sum of forty Pounds, conditioned to appear at such General cognizance* to Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and to prosecute the Person or Persons so committed. pr fecutc.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Justices before WhereOoodur® whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted of any of the Offences herein-before mentioned, for i^urtniencio which only a pecuniary Penalty is hereby imposed, either by the Confession of the Party convicted, or by the Testimony of a credible Witness, that such Offender or Offenders have not, nor hath Goods or Chat- offendcVma/b® teis sufficient to answer the Penalty or Penalties against him, her, or them recovered, then without giving committed.7 any Warrant for the Purpose, or if such Penalty or Penalties cannot be wholly levied by virtue of the Warrant or Warrants which shall be for that Purpose issued, the Justices who shall have convicted such Offender or Offenders, or any other two Justices of the same County, Division, Borough, Town, or Place, upon Proof thereof, shall and lawfully may commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House oi Correction of the County or Place in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then aft, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, unless the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Offender ordered to be committed to Justice* may * Prison under or by virtue of this Act, for any Offence for which a pecuniary Penalty alone is hereby c Pr s.ccudry imposed, shall, before his actual Commitment to Prison, procure Security to be given by two sufficient P^"n,arJ en Sureties, to the Satisfaction of the Justices before whom he shall have been convicted, for Payment of the Penalty or Penalties by him incurred, with the Charges incident to his Conviction, within the Space of fourteen Days, exc'.unve of the Day of Conviction, then and in such Case it (b ill and may be lawful for such Justices to accept such Security, and upon Non-payment thereof, at the Time stipulated for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the same Justices, or any other two Justices of the Peace for the same County, Division, or Place, to cause the Party convicted, and his Sureties, to be apprehended by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, and them, and each and every of them, to commit to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Division, or Place in or for which such Justices shall act, for such Space of Time as the Party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned, in case no Rich Security had been given, unless such Penalty and Charges shall be sooner paid.

LXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be ctmvifted Appal* frota* of any of the Offences in this Act herein-before mentioned shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by Justice* m*y be the Judgment or Determination of such Justices of the Peace, upon any Complaint or Information brought 10 *h* or made before them, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Person or Persons to appeal to the next on General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Division, or Place, in or for which entering into such Justice or Justices shall have acted, such Person or Persons giving, and being hereby required to give. Recognizance* within fourteen Days then next after such Conviction, Notice in Writing to the Informer or Informers of such Appeal, and shall and do at the Time of making such Appeal, with two sufficient Sureties, enter iqto Recognizances before the same Justice or Justices of the Peace, to appear and prosecute such Appeal at the said General or Quarter Sessions, and abide by the Order or Determination of the same Court, and to pay the Costs and Charges thereby awarded against such Person or Persons (if any); and every such Appeal shall, by the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions, be examined, and the Circumstances of the Case fully inquired into, and the Matter heard and determined; and in case such Judgment, Determination, or Conviction, so appealed against, shall be affirmed, the Party so appealing shall pay unto the Informer or Informers double Costs, to be ascertained by the Order of the same Court.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons so appealing shall and5ftfc*Appay the Penalty under any such Conviction as aforesaid into the Hands of the said Justices by way W jj* of Deposit, or shall be committed to Prison, such Person or Persons shall and may appeal to the said General Quarter Sessions, on his or their entering (without Sureties) into such Recognizances as herein- Sotod*. before mentioned, and remaining in Prison in the mean Time, or depositing such Penalty into the Hands of the said Justices, there to remain until the Merits of the said Appeal shall be heard and determined.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Information to be made under this Act shall be made upon Jdtice* may Oath; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justices before whom any Complaint or fommon Wio* Information shall have been Ip made, to summon before them, at the Instance of either Party, any Person who shall, in their Judgment, appear to be a necessary Witness for either or any of the said Parties upon the said Complaint or Information, to appear before him or them, at a Time and Place to be specified in the Summons; and the Person so summoned shall appear at the Time and Place specified, and submit in all Things to be examined as a Witness in the Premises*

470 C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Penalty on receiving more than the limited Fee*.

Personi prose-cu'ed to |irc

Bail.

Actioni to be tried by a Jury of Freeholders of a different County from that wherein the Fa& was o mn iited. If Persons imprisoned for want of Bail refute to plead to inform-»Fiona, for one Term, Judgment to be entered against then). Where there have not been made any Seizure, nut rf which to reward Prolocutors, the Commissi 'ners of the Revenue to re-com pc nee them as herein mentioned,

Prosecuttoas to be commenced in three Years,

The first three Person* concerned in exporting Sheep, &c. not being the Owners, who flwl) inform thereof, to be exempted from Penalties$ fend also the Owner, &c. of the Ship, upon the Conditions herein mention* cd.

*3 Hen. 8. c. 17.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall receive or take any greater Fees for any Sufferance, Licence, or Certificate, or other Matter herein directed, than the Sum or Fee herein for that Purpose limited, the Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit and pay to the Party aggrieved, the Sum of five Shillings for every on? Penny which shall be taken over and above the Fee hereby allowed to be taken, and so on after that Proportion.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall be prosecuted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for any Penalty incurred by this Act, a Capias shall and may issue, the fi&ft Process specifying the Sum of the Penalty sued for, and the Person or Persons so sued shall be obliged to give good and sufficient Bail and Security, by natural-born Subjects or Denizens, to the Officer serving or executing such Procefc against him or them, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suk or Prosecution, and likewise shall, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his or their Bodies to Prison.

LXXIV. And, for the better and more impartial Trials of all Actions and Informations which shall be commenced or prosecuted by virtue of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Actions and Informations shall be tried in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, by a Jury of good and lawful Freeholders, to be summoned out of any other County than that wherein the raa shall be committed.

I,

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be in Prison for want of sufficient Bail for any of the pecuniary Penalties herein-before inflicted, and shall refiife to appear or plead to a Declaration or Information to be delivered to such Person or Persons, or to the Gaoler or Keeper, or Turnkey of the Prison, at the said Prison, for any of the aforesaid Penalties, for the Space of one Term, Judgment shall be entered against him by Default.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Qflcndpr or Offenders, shall be convicted for any of the Offences specified in this Act, and there shall happen to have been no Seizure whereby the Informer or Prosecutor can be rewarded, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of the Custams, Excise, or Salt Duties, or other his Majesty's Revenue, and they are hereby respectively required to cause one Shilling per Pound Weight for all such of the said Articles for which such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, or the Sum of forty Pounds, in case the Quantity cannot be known, to be paid by the Receiver General of the Revenue under the Management of the respective Commissioners, out of any publick Money in his Hands; and the Money paid by any Receiver General, Cashier, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall be accepted of and allowed in his Account as so much Money paid to his Majesty, and every such Officer is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it cnadtecT by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time hereafter be liable to be prosecuted for any Offence, Act, Matter, or Thing done or committed contrary to this Act, unless such Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of three Years next ensuing the Offence committed.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the better to encourage Personi to discover the Exporters of Sheep, Wool, or other the Articles before enumerated, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, the first three Persons who shall have been aiding, abetting, or assistingin carrying out or exporting of Sheep, Wool, or any of the said Articles, who shall give Information thereof to any Justice of the Peace within this Kingdom, whereby the Punishment and Penalties appointed by this Act may be inflicted and recovered, the Party or Parties so discovering (not being Owner or Part Owner of the said Sheep, Wool, or other the Articles as aforesaid) shall not suffer any of the said Penalties or Punishments herein-before mentioned: Provided always, That if any Owner of any Ship or Vessel, or any Master, Commander, or Mariner, or Person aiding or assisting in loading any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, knowing of such Exportation of Sheep, Wool, or of any of the Articles before enumerated, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, shall, within three Months next after the Knowledge thereof, or after his Return into the Kingdom of Great Britain give the first Information thereof before any of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or before the Head Officer of any Port where he shall first arrive," or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon his or their Oath, of the Number and Quantity of the said Articles lo carried, conveyed, and transported, and by whom, where, and in what Ship or Vessel, and shall enter into Recognizance to his said Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, with two sufficient Sureties before any Justice of the Peace, in the Sum of forty Pounds each, personally to appear and give Evidence of the same; then such Owner and Owners, Master, Commander, Mariner and Mariners, or other Person or Persons so aiding or assisting the rein, shall not be liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in this Act contained or enacted for the Offence aforesaid, but shall be, and is and are hereby enabled to recover and receive such Benefit and Advantage as is appointed to be received and allowed by this Act on Conviction of such Offenders.

LXXIX. < And whereas an Act of Parliament was passed in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Henry the Eighth. For the winding of Wool; whereby it was enacted, That from thence- forth no Manner of Person or Persons do wind, or cause to be wound, any Fleece of Wool being not sufficiently rivered or waited, nor wind, nor cause to be wound, within any Fleece, Clay, Lead, Stones

7 ‘Sand,

A.D. 178$. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

Sand, Tails, deceitful Xocks, Cots, Cals, Comber, Lamb’s Wool, or any other Thing, whereby the 1 Fleece might be made more weighty, to the Deceit and Loss of the Buyer, upon Pain the Seller of any fuel) deceitful Wools to forfeit for every such Fleece six Pence, the one Moiety to the King, the other to the Finder and Prover of the same Deceit, by Action of Debt, by original Writ, Bill, Plaint, Informa- tion, or otherwise, in any of the King’s Courts, in which Action, no Wager of Law, Flloin, or Pro- teCfton, should be allowed for the Defendant; and it was provided in and by the Lid Act, that the same Act concerning rivering and washing of any Wool should not in any wile extend to any Shire or Shires,

the Inhabitants whereof had not customably used before that Time to river or walh their Sheep afore they were (horn, nor should in any wile be hurtful or prejudicial to any Person or Persons that had used custom- ably to sell their Wools by Tale or Number of the Fleece or Fleeces, and not by We ight, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding; which said Statute was made perpetual in and by another Act of Parliament, passed in the thirteenth Year of her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, (intituled, An Act for reviving and Continuance of certain Statutes:) And whereas the said Laws have not now the good Fffeds thereby proposed and intended, by reason of the said Penalty being so ftnall, and one Moiety thereof being directed to be paid to the King, and the great Expence attending the Recovery of the same be it therefore enacted by the Authority a fore said. That, from and after the pa fifing of this Act, every Person and Persons offending against the said last mentioned Acts shall, in lieu of every Sixpence which, by the said Acts, or either of them, might be recovered, forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings the Whole whereof shall be paid to the Finder or Prover of the above-mentioned Deceits; and the Offences against the said Acts, or either of them, from henceforth shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined by and before any one Justice of the Peace residing at or near the Place whe(e such Offence or Offences shall be committed, in a summary Way; and such said Justice of the Peace shall Be and he is hereby impowered to cause the respective Person or Persons against whom any such Information shall be laid, to be summoned at a certain Fime and Place to be fixed by such Justice, and he is hereby fully authorised, empowered, and required, upon the Appearance or Default of such Person or Persons, to examine into, and give Judgment in the Premises; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that the Matter complained of was not done, committed, or differed, with Intent to deceive the Buyer of any such aforesaid Wool, or that any Clay, Sand, or Earth, which shall be found in such Fleece, was not intentionally put there to make the Fleece more weighty, but became mixed or conne&ed with the same by reason of the necessary pasturing, folding, or keeping of the Sheep, whereupon such Fleece shall have been grown subsequent to the rivering or warning of such Sheep, that every such Justice shall and may and he is hereby empowered to discharge every such Complaint, and to acquit the Person and Persons thereby accused, of and from the Payment of any Penalty or Forfeiture, on Account of the Matter or Offence therein set forth and alledged; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Penalty or Penalties hereby inflicted or imposed, for or in respect of the falle winding of Wool, or the felling or disposing thereof, shall not be paid within six Days next after such Conviction, the same Penalty or Penalties shall he levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of the Justice or Justices before whom he or they shall have been convitfted.

LXXXII. And whereas it may frequently happen that the Seller of such deceitful Wools or Wool ‘falsely wound or folded, may not be the Person who actually wound or folded the same, or that the same were deceitfully or falsely wound or folded without the Privity, Knowledge, or Consent of such Seller be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, in ever/ such Case, to and for the Seller of Wool, touching which any Complaint or Information shall have been made, and which shall be then pending, immediately after he shall have received such Summons as aforesaid, to apply to the Justice of the Peace who shall have granted such Summons, and require him, upon Information having been given for that Purpose, to summon the Person who actually wound or folded the Wool then complained of as being falsely or deceitfully wound or folded, to appear at the Time and Place mentioned in such original Summons, or at such other Time and Place as such Justice shall think proper (of which Time and Place sufficient Notice shall be given by the Seller of such Wool to the Person or Persons complaining), when the said justice shall, and he is hereby empowered, whether the Person charged as being the actual Winder of the Wool then complained of shall appear or not (Proof being made that he had been duly summoned), to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint; and if it shall then appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, that the Wool then complained of had been actually wound or folded falsely and deceitfully by the Person then charged by the Seller thereof with having wound and folded the same, and that without the Privity, Knowledge, or Consent of such Seller, that then, and in every such Case, the Person who had actually wound or folded such Wool (and not the Seller thereof) shall be subject and liable to the Penalties herein before imposed upon the Seller and Sellers of Wool deceitfully or falsely wound or folded, and such Remedies for the Recovery of the same, as are herein-before mentioned; but if it shall, upon such Hearing, appear otherwise to such Justice, or if it shall appear and be determined otherwise upon the Hearing of the Appeal, and which is herein after given, then, and in every such Case, the Seller of the Wool so complained of shall remain and be subject to such Penalties, and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, as aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and in case of Nonpayment of such Penalties by, or that the same cannot be recovered of and from, the Person who shall have been convicted of having actually falsely and deceitfully wound or folded such Wool, every such Person 28 Geo. III. 3Q / shall

471

13 Elia. c. »5# recited.

and the Penalty thereby im-pofd on deceitful Winning of Wo 1 increifed to z 8. per Fleece, the Whole to be to the Prover thereof.

Offences agatrft the recited Act may be determined by a Justice in a luminary Way.

Complaints for deceitful Wi'.d* ing of Wool to be discharged, if there appears no Intention to defraud.

The afornfrd Penalty, if not paid in fix Oays, to be levied by Diitreli.

Persons complained nf for fclTng Wool deceitfully wound, may, if it waa done wii hout their Privity, require the Appearance of the Party that so wound ir, before a Justice, who is o determine the Matter, &c.

47 2

Perfom apgrifT-

ed may appeal to the Qumer Sessions, £cc.

Ko Convi3J<m t«> be set aside for want of Form.

47 "Ed. 3. Stat. a. c. 23.

Justices at the Quarter Sessioni may administer to Perfmt properly qualified to te sworn Winders of Wool, the following Oath, which is to be entered in the Records of the Sessions j

hut Persons not so faorn may be employed.

Ko Prosecution to be commenced for Offences on- r to M^y 1, 17*’ <, a^ainst the Laws refusing the Exportation of live Sheep, &c.

His Majesty* Share of Finea row due, or which may be-c« me d 1 <’ o l’ro« ft.-tio v

C. 38. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, Division, or Place wherein the Offence was committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than twenty-one Days, unless the Penalty and Costs (if any) frail be sooner paid and

satisfied.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons frail think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment or Determination of any such Justice of the Peace, upon any Complaint or Information which frail have been brought or made before him, respecting the winding or folding of Woo), it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Person or Persons to appeal to the next General or Quarter Ssffions of the reace to be held for the County, Division, or Place, in or for which such Justice frail have ailed, such Person or Persons giving, and being hereby required to give, within five Days then next after such Conviction, Notice in Writing to the Respondent or Respondents in such Appeal, and frail and do, at the Time of making such Appeal, with two sufficient Sureties, enter into Recognizance before the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, to appear and prosecute such Appeal at the said General or Quarter Sessions, and abide by the Order or Determination of the said Court, and to pay the Costs and Charges thereby awarded against such Person or Persons (if any); and every such Appeal frail, by the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions, be examined, and the Circumstances of the Case fully enquired into, and the Matter heard and determined; and the said Justices in the said General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised to award such Costs as frail appear to them iuft and reasonable to be paid by either Party.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Conviction made, or Judgment given, upon any Offence or Offences in this Act mentioned or created, frail be set aside in or by any Ccurt whatsoever for want of Form, or through the miftating of any Fact, Circumstance, or other Matter whatsoever, provided the material Fadls alledged in such Conviction or Judgment, and upon which the same shall be grounded, be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Edward the Third (intituled, The Officers of the Staple, and Merchants repairing to 4 /V, shall be sworn to maintain the Staple, and the Laws and Customs of /V, it was ordained, that a certain Number of Winders of Wool, and other Officers therein mentioned, be sufficiently ordained for the Place where the Staple is, and they and the Correctors, and all Manner of Officers of the Staple, besides the Constables, shall be sworn before the Mayor of the Staple, that they lawfully frail execute their Office,

without Fraud or Deceit: And whereas all Winders now to be sworn do repair to the Mayor of the Staple at Westminster for the Purpose of being so sworn, whereby the Persons so desirous of being sworn are subjected to great Expence and Inconvenience;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, who frail hereafter be assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or any Adjournment thereof, and they are hereby empowered and required to administer to every such Person as frail be desirous of becoming a sworn Winder of Wool, and frail produce a Certificate under the Hands of any two Growers of Wool, testifying to the Satisfaction of such Justices, that such Person is properly qualified to become a sworn Winder of Wool, an Oath to the following Purport and Effect; that is to say,

t J. B. do swear, That I will truly and justly, without Deceit, wind and fold all and singular the Wool which I shall take upon me to wind and fold, without leaving or putting any Clay, Lead, Stones, Sand, Tails, deceitful Locks, Lambs Wool, or any other Thing, whereby the Fleece may be made more weighty, to the Deceit and Lois of the Buyer; and that I will not use any other Deceit, Craft, Guile, or Fraud, in the winding or folding of any such aforesaid Wool.

4‘ So help me GOD."

An Entry of the administering and taking of which Oath shall be made in the Records of the said Sessions, and a Certificate thereof shall be delivered by the Clerk of the Peace, or other proper Officer, to the Perfect who frail have taken the same.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to hinder or prevent any one from employing any Person in winding or folding of Wool, although such Person shall not have been sworn in Manner before mentioned.

LXXXVII. And whereas many Persons are now confined in Prison for Penalties and Fines set upon them in consequence of their having been convicted of Offences against the Laws now in being to prevent the illicit Exportation of live Sheep, Wool, and other the aforesaid enumerated Articles, which they are unable to pay; and many, to avoid such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Punishments directed to be infltded upon Persons convicted of such Offences, have withdrawn themselves into foreign Parts, and Pro- eels of Outlawry may have issued against some of them: And whereas it is expedient to extend a Pardon and Indemnity to Persons under the aforesaid Circumstances be it therefore enacted, That no Prosecution, Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced for or upon account or by reason of any Offence committed by any Person or Persons against any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts now in force against trie Exportation of live Sheep, Wool, or any other the aforesaid Articles, before the first Day of Max one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, but that the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Punishments, frail be wholly pardoned and released.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, as to all Penalties or Fines now due, on any former Conviction upon any of the Acts hereby repealed, or which may become due in consequence of Prosecutions now carrying on, the same frail be pardoned and discharged, so far as regards the Share or Interest

of

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

of such Penalty or Fine given to his Majesty; and that ail Persons against whom any Process of Outlawry hath been sued out, for the Matters aforesaid, may be at Liberty to apply, by Motion, to the Court out of which such Process issued, to set alide or reverse the same.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall claim the Benefit of this Act, shall, after such Claim, bring or commence, or cause to be brought or commenced, any Action, Plaint, Information, or other Profecurion whatsoever, against any Officer of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs, Excise, or Salt, or other Person who shall have aided or assisted any such Officer, for or concerning any Act, Matter, or Thing, done or committed by them, or any of them, on occasion of, or for or by reason or means of any of the Offences, Frauds, Misdemeanors, or other Matters or Things intended to be released and discharged by this Act, such Claim is and shall be deemed to be an absolute Discharge and Release to every such Officer or other Person, of and from all and every such Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions; and such Officer and other Person may plead the General Issue and give the special Matter in Evidence; and the said Officer or other Person shall recover his Costs of Suit against the Person or Persons so bringing or commencing such Action or Prosecution.

XC. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge or release any Seizures of Wool, or any other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, or of any Ships, Vessels, Boats* Horses, Waggons, Carts, Carriages, or other Thing whatsoever, or any Prosecution now depending for the Forfeiture of such Wool, or any other the said hereinbefore enumerated Articles, Ships, Vetitls, Boats, Horses, Waggons, Carts, Carriages, or other Thing, under any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Torce against the Exportation of live Sheep, Wool, or any other the said herein-before enumerated Articles, nor to acquit, release, or discharge any Judgment or Judgments, where the Monies or other Things recovered have been actually levied, or the Body or Bodies of the Offender or Offenders now in Custody, or which have been taken in Execution before the making of this Act, nor to acquit, release, or discharge any Information which has been already entered, or any Action or Suit which has been already commenced or brought against any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture incurred by any Offence committed by him or them against any such Act or Acts of Parliament, Verdict or Verdicts obtained, or Judgment or Judgments recovered thereon, in respect to such Part thereof as belongs to, or has been usually allowed and paid to the Officer of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs, Excise, or Salt (at whose Instance the Prosecution is or was carried on), according to the Mode in which such Suit or Suits hath or have been commenced and carried on; but such Information, Suit, Verdict or Verdicts, or Judgment or Judgments, shall and may be proceeded upon as originally commenced, entered, and proceeded upon, without any Alteration in the Proceedings upon such Information, Suit, Verdict or Verdicts, Judgment or Judgments, for the Recovery in due Course of Law of such Part of the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, as belongs to, or has been usually allowed and paid to such Officer of his Majesty's Navy, or in the Service of the Customs, Excise, or Salt, at whose Instance the Prosecution is or was carried on, according to the Mode in which such Suit or Suits hath or have been carried on.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced, brought, and prosecuted on account of the Seizure of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, Waggon, Cart, Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden, or of any Sheep, Wool, Woolsels, Wool-flocks, Mortlings, Shortlings, Worsted, Bay or Woollen Yarn, Cruels, or Wool (lightly manufactured, or Mattrasses or Beds (luffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing or carding, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, or Tobacco-pipe Clay, as illegally carried or exported, or intended or attempted to be exported, or for any Matter, Cause, or Thing done, committed, or executed by virtue of this Act, or any Clause or Article herein contained, such Action shall be commenced within six Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was done or committed 5 and the Person or Persons so sued may file Common Bail, or enter a Common Appearance, and plead the General Lfiie, Not guilty, and may give this Act, and the facial Matter, in Evidence at the Trial, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if upon the Trial it shall appear to be To done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and in such Case, or if the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Prosecutor, shall become Nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment be ^iven against the Plaintiff*, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Case shall recover Treble Costs, which he or they shall sustain by his or their Defence to such Action or Suit; and that in case any Information shall be commenced and brought to Trial on account of any Seizure which shall be made under or by virtue of this Act, wherein a Verdict shall be found for the Claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the same shall be tried that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge or Court before whom the said Information shall be tried shall certify on the Record that there was a probable Cause for the Prosecutor’s making such Seizure, in such Case the Defendant shall not be entitled to any Costs of Suit whatever, nor shall the Person or Persons who made any such Seizure be liable to any Action, Indictment, or other Suit or Prosecution, on account thereof; and that in case any Action, Indictment, or other Prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to Trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall be made under or by virtue of this Act, wherein a Verdict shall be given against the Defendant or Defen Jams, if the Court or Judge before whom such Action or Prosecution shall be tried shall certify on the said Record that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff, besides the Ship or Goods which shall happen to be seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be entitled to above two Pence Damages, nor to any Coils of Suit, nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above one Shilling.

473

pending, to be remitted, and Reftrfal of Out-l<i»rie« mjy be applied for.

In Actions brought by Per-suns claiming the Benefit of this Act against Officers, &.c, for any Thir g done in regard to Matters hereby discharged, they iray plead the General Issue*

Act nor to extend to the Discharge of any Seizure of Wool,&c. or any Prosecution now depending, &c. in respect to such Pans of Fines at belong to the Informer j

but such Suits may be proceeded on*

Limitation of Actions.

General IfTu

Treble Costs*

If io any Action for a Seizure a Verdictt be found for the Claimer, he shall not be entitled to Cods if there was a probable Cause frr making it, &c.

474

[Preamble.]

From Aug. i, I7SS, Ships U’hich carried Lumbrr, &r, from Quebec to the West Indies the last Voyage, to be permitted to import, Dutyfree, into that Province, a Quantity of Rum equal to the Value of the Lumber, &c. so earned.

Ships carrying Rum from the West Indies to the said Province, and loading the re with Lumber, &c. to be permitted to enter, Duty-free, a Quantity of Rum equal to the Value of the said Lumber, on givi ig Bond as herein mention* «d.

Hurt tnd Lumber to be valued agreeable 'o the annexed Schedule.

Valuations in the Schedule may be altered by his Majesty in Council*

C. 39. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

CAP. xxxix.

An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec^ without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

WHEREAS, by an Act made and passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, a Duty of six Pence is imposed on every Gallon of Rum, or other Spirits, which shall be imported or brought into any Part of the Province of Quebec, from any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies: And whereas it would greatly tend to encourage a proper commercial Intercourse between the said Province and the said Colonies, if Rum imported into the said Province in any Ship or Vessel which shall carry from thence, and land in any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies, a 4 Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, was exempt from Payment of the said Duty:* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, in all Cases where any Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of the said Colonies in the West Indies, shall be legally imported or brought into the said Province from any of the said Colonies, in any Ship or Vessel which, in her last preceding Voyage, shall have carried to, and landed in, any of the said Colonies, a Cargo of Lumber and Provisions, Horles or Neat Cattle, from the said Province, it shall and may be lawful to admit to an Entry and land any Quantity of such Rum or Spirits, not exceeding in Value the Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, so carried and landed, without Payment of the said Duty of six Pence per Gallon.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases, where any Rum or other Spirits, being the Produce or Manufacture of any of the said Colonies in the West Indies, shall be legally imported or brought into the said Province from any of the said Colonies, in any Ship or Vessel which, in her next clearing out from the said Province after such Importation, shall load with a Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, in the said Province, and shall carry to, and land the same in same of the said Colonies, it shall and may be lawful to admit to an Entry and land any Quantity of such Rum or Spirits, not exceeding in Value the Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, so loaded, without Payment of the said Duty of six Pence per Gallon: Provided always, That the Owner or Owners of such last mentioned Ship or Vessel, which shall so as aforesaid have legally imported such Rum or other Spirits, or in case of such Owner or Owners not residing in the said Province, the Master or Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, together with one or more sufficient Sureties residing within the said Province, shall, before such Rum or other Spirits shall be so admitted to an Entry without Payment of the said Duty, give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be taken by the two principal Officers of the Customs there, in the penal Sum of five hundred Pounds, with Condition tftat the said Ship or Vessel shall, in her next clearing out from the said Province after such Importation, be laden with a Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, equal in Value to the Rum or Spirits so admitted to an Entry, without Payment of the said Duty as aforesaid; and that the said Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, shall be carried to, and landed in some of the said Colonies in the West Indies.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Value of the Rum or other Spirits so admitted to an Entry as aforesaid, and the Value of the Cargo of Lumber or Provisions, Horses or Neat Cattle, so loaded as aforesaid in the said Province, shall respectively be estimated and computed according to the V aluations contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, by Order or Orders to be iflfusd and publuhed from Time to Time, to alter the Valuations contained in the said Schedule whenever it shall appear necessary or proper, upon any Representation or Report made by the Governor and Council of the Laid Province.

The SCHEDULE mentioned and referred to in this Act.

Flour, 1 ft Sort, 2d Sort,

Biscuit

Wheat

Pease

Oats

Barley

Flax Seed

Potatoes

/ 5* d* Sterling. 010 9 1

4 fJ

074V Per Cwt# 010 6 )

o

9

1

o

o

6,

Per Winchester Buthel.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

4 75

C. 40

Fresh Beef -

Fresh Pork -

Turkeys -

Oak Timber squared, per Cubic Foot, Ditto Plank 3 to Inches thick, per Square Foot,

Ditto—ditto 14 to 2 Inches -

Barrel Staves, fit for the West Indies, 3 Feet 6 Inches, long, 4 Inches broad, and 1 Inch thick, -

Heading, 2 Feet 6 Inches long, 5 to 6 Inches broad, and one Inch thick, Squared Pine Timber, -

Pine Boards, 12 Feet long, 1 Inch thick, 12 Inches broad,

Ditto-----i $ Feet long, 1 Inch thick, and 12 Inches broad,

Ditto-----18 Feet long, 1 Inch thick, and 12 Inches broad,

Ditto-----10 Feet long, 1 Inch thick.

Ditto-----12 Feet long, 2 Inches thick.

Hoops, 12 Feet long, -

Shingles

Windward Islands West India Rum -

Jamaica Rum - t

Horses -

Neat Cattle -

/. s. d.

Sterling.

0 0 z

0 0 4

0 1 9

0 0 6

0 0 3

0 0 2

4 10 0

4 10 0

0 0 2

2 2 6

2 15 0

3 10 0

1 *5 0

3 7 6

3 0 0

0 12 0

0 1 9

0 2 0

*5 0 0

8 0 0

Per lb.

each.

Per Foot.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Per thousand Feet. Per thousand Feet. Per Cubic Foot. Per thousand Feet. Per thousand Feet. Per thousand Feet. Per thousand Feet. Per thousand Feet. Per thousand Feet. Per thousand Feet, Per Gallon.

Per Gallon.

Per Head.

Per Head.

CAP. XL.

An Act forgiving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Ccffion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Inquiries have been made, under the Authority of several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-third, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, and twenty-seventh Years of your Majesty's Reign, into the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to your Majesty, and Attach- ment to the British Government; and also under the Authority of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of your Majesty's Reign, into the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And whereas it is confident with your Majesty's Munificence, and the Plonour and Character of the British Nation, that liberal Relief should be given in Consideration of the Losses of all such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to your Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and that Compensation should be made to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East^Florida to the King of Stain May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Profcftions, during the late unhappy Ditlcnfions in America, shall, on or before the first Day of January one thousand leveiuhundred and eighty-nine, make up and transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, a Book or Books signed by themselves, or any two or more ol them, containing the Names and Additions of all the several Persons who have already, or who before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, shall have produced satisfactory Evidence of their Losses, with the Amount of the Losses sustained by each Person respectively, as the same have been or shall be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners respectively; abating therefrom, in the Case of all Persons coming within any of the CiafTes reflectively described, in the Statement of the Claims examined by the said Commissioners, under the Titles of Loyalists who have rendered Services to Great Britain; Loyalists' who bore Arms in the Service of Great Britain; Loyalists Zealous and Uniform; Loyalists who took Oaths to the American States, but afterwards joined the British; Loyalists who bore Anns for the American States, but afterwards joined the British; and Loyalists sustaining Losses under the Prohibitory Act; ten Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds, where the Amount of such Losses shall not be above thirty-five thousand Pounds; fifteen Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds, where the Amount of such Losses shall be above thirty-five thousand Pounds, and not above fitty thousand Pounds; and twenty Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds, where the Amount of such Losses shall be above fifty thousand Pounds; and also abating therefrom in the Case of all Persons coming within

[Preamble.]

J3y Jan. f, 1789* the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of American Sufferers to transmit to the Treasury the Names of those who shall have produced fatil-factory Proofs of their l.offcs, with the Amount of the same; dtdudting 'herefrom th Proportions ere-in mentioned, and the Sums paid on Account;

9

476 C. 40. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. III;

A.D. 1788.

and thj Commissionc'S ap-p aimed to inquire into the LofTrs of Sufferers by ih- CeiTiun of E-ft Fl( r da, to transmit an Account of their Lossei, deducing therefrom what has been already paid. Treasury to au-thrrife the l x-chequer to make foi th Orders for the Sums set against the Names of the Sufferert respectively,

Orders to carry 3 1. 10s. Interest from July 5, I7*S-

Principal ini Interest to be paid off by half-yearly Instalments j

the first to be April 5, 1789.

Orders to be assignable*

Treasury to di-Payment, on April 5, 17S9, of all Orders under SOI.

within either of the Clafies respectively described in the said Statement, under the Titles of Loyal British Subjt'ols refuient in Great Britain, and Loyal British Proprietors, twenty Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds, where the Amount of such Lodes shall not be above fifty thousand Pounds; and seventy Pounds per Centum of such Part thereof as shall exceed ten thousand Pounds, where the Amount of such Lodes shall be above two hundred thousand Pounds; and likewise abating therefrom such Sums as the said Persons who have differed in their Rights, Properties, and Protefiions, during the late unhappy Di (Tendons in America, have already received, or shall, before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, receive, towards, making good the Lodes sustained by them: And the said Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Lodes of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties by the Ceilion of Eqjl Florida to the King of Spain shall, on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, make up and transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, a Book or Books, signed by them, containing the Names and Additions of all the several Persons who have already, or who, before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, shall have produced satisfactory Evidence of their Lefts, with the Amount of the Lodes sustained by each Person reflectively, as the same have been or shall be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners respectively, abating therefrom such Sums as the said Persons, who have suffered in their Properties by the Ceilion of East Florida to the King of Sparny have already received, or shall, before the said first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, receive, towards making good the Lodes sustained by them, and the said Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue their Warrant to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to make forth (landing Orders, (for which no Tallies shall be made or struck,) in the Names of the several Persons inserted in such Book or Books, for such Sum and Sums, not being fractional Parts of fifty Pounds, and also distinct Orders for all and every Sum to which any Person shall be intitled by virtue of this Act less than such Sum of fifty Pounds, as shall respectively be set against their Names, as a Compensation for their several Lcdes; and where the Compensation allowed to any of the said Sufferers shall be a greater Sum than fifty Pounds, and the fractional Part of fifty Pounds, in every such Case, one Order shall be made out for such fractional Part of fifty Pounds, and one or more Order or Orders for the remaining Sum, to complete the Whole of the Compensation to which each respective Person shall or may be intitled unto by virtue of this Act; all which said Orders shall be signed by three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall be irrevocable; which several and respective Orders shall carry an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum fler Annum, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, all which Orders shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable and paid, without any De-duClion whatsoever, out of any Money that shall be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament in or for the Service of the Years one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to the several Persons so to be intitled to such Orders, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and the principal Sums contained in such Orders shall be paid off, with the growing Interest which shall be due thereupon, by half-yearly Instalments of six Pounds and five Shillings per Centum, on the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of October in each Year, till the whole Sums for which they are made out, together with the Interest thereupon, are redeemed and paid off, or Money reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose; the fit ft half-yearly Instalment, together with the Interest on the said Orders, to be computed from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-wght as aforesaid, to be due and payable on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and the Interest payable in respect of such Orders shall cease and be abated in such Proportion as the principal Sum shall be paid off and discharged; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue their Warrant to the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer to pay, out of any Money remaining the re of the said Aids or Supplies, remaining for the Service of the Year in which such Interest and Instalment shall become due, the respective Sum and Sums to which the Proprietors of each and every such Order for fifty Pounds, and the equi Multiples of fifty Pounds, made out by virtue of this Act, shall be intitled, by Instalments of six Pounds and five Shillings per Centum, together with the Half Year’s Interest due upon such Sum as shall be remaining unpaid and undischarged on each half-yearly Day of Payment, when such proportional Sum shall be so directed to be paid off.

II. And be it further enacted, That the standing Orders which shall be made out at the Exchequer in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act, shall be assignable on the Back of such Orders, on the Assignment being attested by two or more credible Wimefies, which Alignment shall intitle the Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit attending such Order or Ordeis, and to the Interest which shall become due and payable in rdpedl of the (umc.

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, out of any of the Aids or Supplies that shall be granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, to direct the Payment at the Receipt of the Exchequer of the principal Sums contained in all and every the several and respective Orders made forth for any Sum or Sums of Money less than fifty Pounds, on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, together

477

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40.

gether with the Interest thereon, computed from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in order to prevent such Orders from Commissioners being fraudulently obtained from the Auditor of the Exchequer, or his Officers, by any other Person or Persons than those who shall be duly intitled to the same, the said respective Commissioners appointed for surT^rcM/oMhc ascertaining the Losses aforementioned, shall make forth, and deliver to each and every Person named in Sums 10 which the said Books, or to his or her lawful Attorney, to be transmitted by them to the Commissioners of his Ma- they are iotiiled, jesty’s Treasury, a Certificate containing the Name and Addition of such Claimant, and the Sum to 10 ^etranfmjtted

which he or she shall be intitled; which Certificate shall be carried to the proper Officer in the Office rrearur/>

of the said Auditor of the Exchequer, who, upon Receipt thereof, shall deliver the Order made out for the Benefit of such Person, and shall take a Receipt on the Back of such Certificate as a Discharge for the said Order.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Orders di reeled to be made out for the Purposes Orden to fee

in this Act mentioned, shall be numbered in an Arithmetical Order, beginning with Number^One, and so numbered with, proceeding, in an Arithmetical Progression ascending, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall racllc always be one, and shall be registered accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Power of the Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilitits, contained in an Act made and M*lt A a for passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties ^Tder^to

upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand fven hundred and eighty-eight, traiecut un-

(exxept such Clauses as charge the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the said Act, and der this Afi. except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money L nt on the Credit Exception, of the said Act, and except the Direction for making forth Tallies for Loans made out,) shall be applied and extended to the Orders which shall be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Orders Treasury may made forth by virtue of this Act shall be filled up by Writing or indorsements thereon* or by any Acci- cause new Orders dent be defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more [°

of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are hereby authorised and empowered ma^b^detued!

by his or their Direction, from Time to Time, to cause new Orders to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, in Lieu of such Orders which shall be so filled up or defaced, which Orders so filled up or

defaced shall be cancelled at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there on a File or Files for that Purpose; and such Orders so to be made forth in lieu thereof shall, in all Respects, be subject to the same

Rules, Methods, and Continuance, and have and be intitled to the same and like Benefits and Advantages,

and bear the same Numbers, Dates, and principal Sums, as was or were borne by such Order or Orders so

cancelled.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of any of the A ids Treasury may or Supplies to be granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Years one thousand seven hundred and order pe,f°n* eighty-nine, one thousand seven hundred and ninety, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, one i^n of this thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one thousand a6>,&c. to be seven hundred and ninety-four, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and one thousand seven hun- paid out of the dred and ninety-six, or out of such Monies as shall or may remain in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Supplies, &c. Fund, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of

them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to reward such Person or Persons that shall or may be in any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Labour, Pains, and Service therein respectively, and to satisfy and discharge fuclv incidental Charges and Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of the same, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or mere of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case sufficient Aids or Supplies shall not be Drfiiencyof granted before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, or before the fifth Day of A,dst0 p«yOr-sfpril in each subsequent Year, before the Whole of the said Orders, herein directed to be made forth, are

satisfied and paid off with Interest for the fa me, then such Sum as should or ought to be satisfied and paid ihcVonfoiidtted pursuant to this Act, in Part of the principal Sum of such Orders, together with the Interest that shall then Fund, have become due, shall be charged upon such Monies as, at any Time after the said fifth Day of April in each Year, shall be or remain in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fund; (except such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund as are appropriated to any Use or Ufis by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf j) and such Monies of the said Consolidated Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly dated and ascertained, for and towards paying off such Instalment or Instalments, and the Interest due and payable on the several Orders, according to the Directions in this Act; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause or Clauses in any Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Monies shall be Mon*y [foed so issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the foiidftedFund' first Supplies to be then-after granted in Parliament 5 any Thing herein contained to the contrary not- to be replaced

withstanding. out of the first

XI. And Supplies.

47 8

Persons counterfeiting Orders, &c. to suffer Death.

[Preamble.]

2i Geo. j.c. 82. retired.

His Majesty may grant an Annuity or 1000 1. to the Duke of St. Albans, from Feb. 16, 1787, to 0£t. 10, 1803.

Grant under this Act not to retrain his Majesty from giving any other Pen-Cons.

C. 41 - 43. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

XI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Order, which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, before the same shall have been paid oft and cancelled, or any Order to be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this Act, or any Indorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such rorged or counterfeit Order, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Person or Persons to be appointed to pay off the same, or to pay any Interest thereupon, or any of them, then every such Person or Persons to offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious MeiTage to your faithful Commons, has been pleased to acquaint them, That it having been represented to your Majesty that in the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, a Pension of one thousand Pounds per Annum w?as, granted, payable out of the Civil List, to the then Duke of Saint Albans, in consideration of the Lease of certain Duties on Logwood, which had been granted by King Charles the Second to the Ancestors of the said Duke, and which had afterwards been directed to be granted for a further Term of Years not yet expired, but which

last mentioned Grant was never perfected; and that the like Pension has, from Time to Time, been continued to the several Persons who inherited the said Title of Duke of Saint A.bans, previous to the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and signifying your Majesty's Desire of granting an

Annuity of the like Amount to the prefect Duke: And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-second

Year of your Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon his Civil L f I Revenues; and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the Jdid Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil Lijl,) it is, among other Things, enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no Pension exceeding the Sum of three hundred Pounds a Year shall be granted to or for the Use of any one Person, except as in the said Act is mentioned:’ Now we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament a (fern bled, duly considering your Majesty's most gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to give and grant to the most noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, an Annuity or yearly Sum, not exceeding one thousand Pounds, to commence and be payable from the sixteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and to determine on the tenth Day of October, which will be in the Year one thousand eight hundred and three; to be paid and payable out of any of the hereditary or temporary Revenues usually applied for the Expences of the Civil Government; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Grant, which shall be nude by his Majesty under the Authority of this Act, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain his Majesty from making any other Grant of a Pension which he may now lawfully do under the Provisions of the said recited Act.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Mofl Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to his Majesty and this Country.

[The Annuity to be payable during the Lives of Lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, and the Survivor."]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aid to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson Esquire, late Commissary General in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in tket Office.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 44.—46. 479

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to inquire into the Lodes and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Diilenfions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

c* John Wilmot Esquire, Colonel Robert Kingston. Colonel Thomas Dundas, John Mcirfn Esquire, Jeremy €i Pemberton Esquire, and Robert Mackenzie Esquire, are constituted Commissioners for the Purposes of the Act; and may examine Parties on Oath. Persons delivering in fraudulent Claims to be excluded from t4 any Compensation. Persons giving fall'e Evidence to be liable to the Penalties of Perjury. Commissioners may appoint Persons to travel in America to inquire into Fads. Commissioners in England after August i, and Commissioners in America after December 1, 1788, not to proceed in Claims presented, except to complete such as shall have been proceeded on previous to those Periods respectively. Memorials'

presented to the Treasury previous to June 3, 1788, by Persons who furnished Provisions to the Navy and Army in America, &c. to be transmitted to tile Commissioners. Commissioners may receive the Claims of certain Persons named in the Act, Commissioners to inquire into the Claims of Sufferers by the Cession of Georgia to the Americans* Commissioners to give an Account of their Proceedings to the Treasury and Secretaries of State. Treasury to pay 4,000l. to the Commissioners for paying Clerks,

Uc. Commissioners may receive Half-pay. In case of the Death, &c. of a Commissioner during the Recess of Parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. This Act to continue to July 1 $, 1789."

CAP. XLV.

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

[To be in force till one Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the Exportation of British-VM&z Spirits from England to Scotland\ and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for ti limited Timey the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits: And for difeon-tinuing, for a limited Limey certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from ike West Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Spirits made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for

Exportation to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and Spirits made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation to that Part of Great Britain called England, should be made and exported under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein after in that Behalf provided,

and that the several Duties of Excise by this Act granted should be imposed; and also that the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein after contained for securing the due Payment of the said Duties, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, should be provided:’

May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July For one V>ar

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, fr,m J *b

his Heirs and Successors, for and during the Term of one Year, to be computed and reckoned from the said to

fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and pighty-eight, the several Duties of Excise herein after bTievud wi

mentioned; (that is to fayJ Scotland, viz.

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content of each and every Still, Forrv-ry GJ’on

including the Head, which shall be used or employed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the ^onr*ntso1 Is

making of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash, or tbr making Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, the Sum of three i.0w w.r.es,&c. Pounds fru*n British Mi-

% teruls, 3 I*

For and upon every Gallon, Englift) Wine Measure, of the cubical Content of each and every Still, For every including the Head, which shall be used or employed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, of those of<d ior for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, the Sum of Wjne"

five Pounds: T D r Msl-uTsf, ‘s1.

&8 Geo. III. 3 R For

toy

480 C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

and for «very Gall n of thofie ofed for making Low Wnr fr< m Fore gn rc'ufrd Wine, See, 61*

No Person to t*e& or woik a Still in S(Otland) without taking out a Licence,

and paying Proportion of the Duty, at bemn-alter directed.

Licences to be aegiftered at the Excise Office in Edinburgh.

No Licence to be granted for Wafl* Stills of a left Content than 50 Gallon*, nor for any Wash Still unless there be licensed with it Low Wine Still

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ for making Low Wines or Spirits from Foreign refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foitign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, the Sum of six Pounds:

Which said respective Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons, and at the respective Times, and in the Manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatever shall, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use or Benefit, erect, set up, or work any Still or Stills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt or Corn, or any of the Materials aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out a Licence or Licences for that Purpose; which Licences shall be granted by such Person or Persons in Scotland as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall nfthorise and appoint for that Purple, and which Person or Persons shall be under and subject to the Order and Control of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer shall direct, and which Licences the said Person or Persons so author!fed is and are hereby directed and enjoined to grant to all Persons who shall apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the same, ten Days at lead before he, she, or they shall so erect, set up, or work any such Still or Stills, and first paying into the Hands of the proper Officer of Excise, such Proportion of the yearly Rate or Duty hereby imposed as herein after is directed, according to the Content or Capacity of the Still or Stills so to be erected, set up, or Worked as aforesaid: Provided always, That no such Licence, nor any other Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be of Force or Effect until the same shall be produced to the Commissioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and duly registered at the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct: Provided also, That it shall not be lawful to grant any such Licence for or in respect of any Wash Still which (including the Head) shall not be of the Content or Capacity of fifty Gallons English Wine Measure, or of a greater Content or Capacity; nor shall it be lawful to grant any such Licence for or in respect of any Wash Still whatever, unless there shall at the same Time be licensed therewith a Low Wine Still of a Content or Capacity (including the Head) not less than one fourth Part of the Content or Capacity of such Wash Still.

of ooe fourth of its Contents.

Distillers obtaining Licences posterior to July 5, 1788, may yiepare Wort% hot not dinil L">w Wines, }>rior to the Time fixed by Licences. Licences to continue in ft-rce till July 5, lyfg.

Persons erefling, See, Stills without Licence to forfeit 200l. and the Stills, dec.

Duty for Licences to be pard in Advance, as herein.men* Honed.

Persons applying for licences to Iwear that the

Suit* i te tr e r two Property, Sec,

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Distiller or Distillers, after obtaining such Licence as aforesaid, and not having been licensed within the Year ending the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, under an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to prepare Worts, Wash, or Tilts for the Space of ten Days before the Time fixed by any such Licence for commencing Distillation: Provided also, That such Distiller or Distillers, nor having been so licensed as aforesaid, shall not begin to distill any Low Wines or Spirits previous to the Time fixed by such Licence for that Purpose, upon Pain of incurring all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act directed to be inflicted on Persons working with unlicensed Stills.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act, shall continue in force from the Time of granting thereof until the fifth Day of July one thousand thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and no longer.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall erect, (et up, work, make use of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Still or Stills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of Low Wines or Spirits from Malt or Corn, or any other of the Materials aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out such Licence as is herein-before directed, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit for every such Still the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with all and every such Still and Stills, with the Tubs and Utensils thereto belonging; and all Materials for brewing or manufacturing Worts, Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, in the Possession of such Person or Persons, and all and every such Still and Stills, Tubs, Utensils, and Materials, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon or previous to the granting of any such Licence, the Person or Persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or they shall be intided to such Licence, pay down in Advance in ready Money, to the proper Officer of Excise appointed to receive the same, the Proportion of the Duty from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to the Day of granting such Licence; and also one sixth Part of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of his, her, or their Still or Stills specified in such Licence, and shall afterwards at the Expiration of the fiiit two Months, and so afterwards at or before the End of every two Months, pay down in ready Money in Advance, a further sixth Part of the said Duty, until the Whole thereof shall be fully paid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be capable of taking out or receiving any such Licence as aforesaid, save only the actual Owner or Owners oif the Still or Stills intended to be worked by virtue thereof, and of the Implements thereto belonging; and every Person or Persons demanding such Licence, shall take and subscribe an Oath before one or more of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, or any Justice of the Peace for the County in which he, she, or they

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 481

shall happen to reside, (and which Oath such Commissioners or Justice are and is hereby empowered to admini'fter), That the said Still or Stills, and Implements, are his, her, or their own Property, and that the Work intended to be carried on is at his, her, or their Rific, and on his, her, or their own Account; and in every such Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, there shall be expressed and specified the Ohriftian Name or Names, and the Surname or Surnames of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be respectively granted, the Place or Places of his, her, or their respective Rehdence, and the Name of the particular Place and Parish where such Still or Stills are intended to be set up, erected, and used, together with the respective Dimensions or Gauges of such Still or Stills, and declaring for what particular IJfe each respective Still is intended to be employed, whether it be for the Distillation of Low Wines, or for the Distillation of Wash; and if for the Distillation of Wash, specifying from what Materials such Wadi shall be prepared, and also specifying the Sum or Sums paid for the Duty, and the Times when the future Payments shall respectively become due, and when such Licence will cease and expire.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Words contained in any such Licence shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent any Distiller from using his or her 'Wash Still in diddling of Spirits, cr his or her Spirits Still or Low Wines Still in distilling of Wash, provided that previous Notice thereof has been given by the Distiller to the proper Officer of Excise, and that the Caul'e for such Alteration has been truly stated in the said Notice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Person or Persons authorised to grant Licence as aforesaid, to grant to any Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or to any Common Brewer or Victualler, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Licence for working, erecting, or keeping of any Still or Stills for the distilling of Wash or Low Wines, so long as he, she, or they doth or shall continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits, or Common brewer or Victualler for brewing or felling of Beer or Ale in Scotland: And if any Person or Persons, licensed as a Distiller or Distillers under this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, at any Time or Times during the Time that his, her, or their Licence or Licences shall be in force, carry on, or be directly or indirectly concerned or interested in, the Trade or Business of a Common Brewer or Victualler, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at one and the same Time carry on the Trade or Business of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits with that of a Common Brewer or Victualler, or of a Rectifier, Compounder, Common Brewer or Victualler, with that of a Distiller or Maker of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or shall be directly or indirectly concerned or interested therein, every such Person for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Still or Stills, to be so licensed as aforesaid, shall, during the Continuance of such Licence, by any unavoidable Accident be destroyed, and rendered unfit for U(e, the Owner thereof shall immediately give Notice in Writing of such Accident to the proper Supervisor or Officer of Excise of the Division or District, and make Proof, by his or her own Oath, or by the Oath of some other credible Person, to the Satisfaction of such Supervisor or Officer, that the Destruction of such Still was wholly accidental, and not intentional, and thereupon shall be at Liberty forthwith, after such Notice and Affidavit, to erect a new Still or Stills, the Capacity or Content of which, including the Head, shall not exceed ten Gallons English Wine Measure, for every Hundred Gallons of the Content of the former Still or Stills so proved to have been destroyed and rendered unfit for life: And in case such new-erected Still or Stills be not of a larger Capacity or Content than the said former Still or Stills respectively, it shall be lawful for such Owner to work the same during the Term to come and unexpired of his or her subsisting Licence or Licences, without taking out any new Licence for that Purpose; but if such new-erected Still or Stills'shall be of a larger Capacity or Content respectively than the said former Still or Stills, not exceeding the Proportion aforesaid, the Owner thereof shall immediately advance and pay down additional Duty according to the increased Capacity or Content of such new Still or Stills, for the unexpired Term of his or her subsisting Licence or Licences.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the Property and Possession of any licensed Still or Stills in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be really and bona fide changed during the Continuance of this Act, the Person or Persons becoming intitled thereto shall forthwith, after such Change of Property and Possession, and before any such Still or Stills is or are by him, her, or them, attempted to be charged or worked, give Notice thereof in Writing to the proper Supervisor or Officer of Excise of the Division or District within which such Still or Stills shall be situated, and shall thereupon, and upon making Oath before a Justice of the Peace, of his, her, or their actual Property therein, be permitted to work such licensed Still or Stills for the unexpired Term of the subsisting Licence for the same, upon the same Conditions as are expressed and specified in such Licence.

XIII. Provided always, That if upon any such Change of Property and Possession of or in any such licensed Still or Stills, the Person or Persons becoming intitled thereto, and making Gath as aforesaid, shall not be desirous of working such Still or Stills, such Person or Persons shall, within three Days after his or their Title thereto shall have accrued and been verified as aforesaid, signify the same in Writing to the proper Supervisor or Officer of Excise of such Division or DistridE; and shall deposit with such Officer the Head or Heads belonging to such Still or Stills, and also such of the Utensils belonging thereto as such Supervisor or Officer shall ieledl, in order to render such Still or Stills Incapable of being used; and such Still or Stills shall not be again used until a new Licence shall be granted for that Purpose; and the Duty which would have become due for the unexpired Term of the subsisting Licence, to be computed from the

P*rticnli'« tobe

specified in I. ccacec.

Waih Still* may be used ai Spirit* Stills, tod con-trariwife, on giving Notice to the Officer.

Licences not to be granted to Rectifier*, Brewer*, or Victuallera.

Distillerg, while licensed, carrying on the Trade of a Brewer or Victualler, to forfeit aoo 1.

Rectifiers not to carry on Trade as Brewers, Sec, bn a Penalty of 001.

New Stills may be erected in lien of such at may be destroyed, of the Proportion# herein-mcniioB* cd.

An addirionst Duty to be paid for the increased Contents of new Still*.

Notice of the Change of Property in Stills niuli be giten to the Officer of Excise.

No'icemuft be given by the Purchaser of a licensed Srill, if he dees not intend to work it, dec.

482 C. 46. # Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

ttool. Penalty lur Neglect.

Time of giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall cease to be paid, but no Claim shall lie for Rc-payment of any Part of the Duties which shall have been paid in Advance as aforesaid: And if any such Perfo.i (hzll neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or to make such Affidavit, or to deposit the Head or Heads, and such of the Utensils of his or her Still or Stills as is herein-before mentioned and directed, every such Person for every such Neglect or Refusal, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

Persons neglect* ing to yay the Dot e* -j-yilarly, or wt t ktn un-licen'-'a S il s, to ioiicil 2001.

PemUy on Pjr lon«, not b.-ing licensed Dnlil-lrrs, who fti-11 <lirtil, &c.

No P?rron so boil Wort?, Scc» in any other Veil'd t^an a licensed Still, on Penalty of 200 1.

No Che mid, fzc, to use St llswi.h-«ut Licence;

or to hate Stills of a greater Capacity than 50 Gallon?, on l*c nalty of 2001.

Chemists, &c.

ofing Stills without Licence, tec. to forfeit aool,

Tecs to be paid

rn talcing out Licences.

Licences for Stills of greater

Capacity then

So Gallons may

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, duly licensed as aforesaid, shall neglect or refute to pay the said Duties imposed by this Act, for or in respect of any licensed Still or Stills, or any Part thereof, in Advance, in the Manner, and at the Time or Tunes directed by this Act; or if any Person or Persons shall erect, work, or make use of any other Still or Stills in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, except such as shall be specified in his, her, or their Licence or Licences, whether of the same or of any different Description, Capacity, or Content, than shall have been so specified, such Still or Stills shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and every such Person or Persons shall also forfeit and loie, for every such Offence, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Rectifier or Compounder, Dealer in, or PvCtailer of Spirits, or any Chemilt, Druggist, or Perfumer, or any Person whatever, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, other than a licensed Oilfiller, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Poffdiion, any Worts, Walh, Tilts, or other fermented Licjuor,.capable of being distilled into Low Wines or Spirits, or shall diiiil or extract any Low Wmes or bpirits from Worts, Wash, Tilts, Corn, Mela lies. Sugar, Cyder, Refused Wines, or other Liquor, every such Person or Persons, so being in Polllf-(ion of any such Materials prepared or fit for the Purpose of being dilfilled into Low Wines or Spirits, shall lorleit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds for every Gallon of such Worts, Wash, Tilts, or other fer-int nted Liquors.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, shall boil, heat, or prepare, by Means of Fire, any Worts, Walh, or Liquor, made from any of the Materials aforesaid, in any Copper, Vessel, or other Utensil whatever other than a licensed Still, after such Worts, Wadi, or Liquor has been fermented, but that all Worts, Wash, Liquor, or other Materials, shall, after Fermentation, be fairly put iqto his, her, or their licensed Still or Stills, without having undergone boiling, heating, or any Preparation by Means of Fire, whereby the Proceis of Distillntion may be shortened, accelerated, or attempted to be shortened or accelerated, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, during the Continuance of this Act, shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Chemilt, Druggist, or Perfumer, or any other Trade or Business requiring the Use of any Still or Stills (except that of a Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits) in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without hi ft taking out a Licence for that Purpose, from the Pci foil or Persons nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and winch Licence the said Person or Persons Hull and is and are hereby required to grant accordingly to every such Person applying-for the same, upon the Payment of such Fee for the lame as is herein after directed to be paid for such Licence, but free from the Payment of every Duty of Excise; and every such Licence so granted shall specify the Christian Name or Names, and the Surname or Surnames, Trade and Business, of the Person or Persons thereby licensed, and the Place where such Trade or Business is intended to be carried on, and the Number of his, her, or their respective Still oFStills, and the Capacity or Content thereof respectively; and no Chemist, Druggist, or Perfumer, or other Person or Persons, (except as aforesaid, ) shall use or have in his, her, or their Custody or Polled! on, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Still or Stills of any greater Capacity or Content than that of fifty Gallons Enghjl) Wine Measure, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every such Still; and every such Licence shall remain and continue in force, from the Date thereof until the fifth Day of July, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and if any such Chemist, Druggist, Perfumer, or other Person or Persons, (Rectifiers and Compounders excepted,) shall use any Still or Stills for any Purpose whatever, without first taking out such Licence for the same, or shall make use of any other Still or Stills than such as shall be specified in such Li-

cence, or shall make use of any such licensed Still or Stills at any Place other than the Place which shall be specified in the said Licence, or in any House or Place other than his, her, or their usual Dwelling, or known Place of carrying on his, her, or their Trade and Business, every such Person or Persons shall reflectively forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and upon the Content or Capacity of every Still of one hundred and twenty Gallons, or upwards, for which any Licence shall be granted under and by virtue of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be paid, by the Person or Persons taking out such Licence, a Fee after the Rate of one Penny per Gallon; and for every other Licence to be granted by virtue of this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, a Fee of five Shillings; which Fees shall be received by and belong to the Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons appointed to grant such Licences as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons who shall be intitled to the Benefit of the said Fees shall also keep an exact Register of all the Licences which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, specifying the Number and Particulars of each.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, that any useful Processes or Experiments in Chemistry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall require a Still or Stills of greater

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 483

Vi) Wine Measure, as aforesaid, it shall and m3y be

Content or Capacity than that of fifty Gallons, Er^ lawful to and for the said Commissioners to authorize and direct a Licence to be granted to the Owner or Owners of such Chemical Work or Work?, to life, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Still or Stilis of larger Content or Capacity than as aforesaid; which Licence shall be in force from the Date thereof until the firth I3ay of yuly, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and for each such Licence a Fee of live Shillings and no more, shall be paid to the Person or Persons Officer or Officers, appointed as aforesaid; and winch laid Chemical Works, if (pecitied in the said Order of the Commissioners, and in such Licence, to be Lcret Works, shall not be liable to Valuation by any Officer or Officers of Excise, excepting only under the Conditions and Limitations, according to which the Chemical Works which are or shall be earned on by Archibald Earl of Duw'onald, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may or can be lawfully visited and examined, as herein after mentioned and expressied.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, upon any such Visitation or Examination, it shall be found that any such Still or Stish, of such larger Content or Capacity, has or have been used in the di{tilling of Spirits, Low Wines, or Waih, Worts, or Tills prepared from any of the Materials aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the hid Order and Licence, such Still or Stills, and all the Utensils thereto belonging, shall he forfeited,.and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and the Owner or Owners thereof shall forfeit and lole the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to enter by Day or Night into the Still-house, or other Place or Places where any S:ill or Stills (whether the same be licensed or not licensed) shall be kept, worked, or used, or where any Worts, Waih, Low Wines, or Spirits, are prepared, dill died, or kept, and to examine the lame; and in case any Still or Stills shall be there found in a State of Preparation for being worked, the same not having been duly licensed, or in ca(e any Worts, Wadi, Low Wines, or Spirits, shall be there found contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Still or Stilis and the Liquor therein, with all the Utensils and Implements thereto belonging or therewith used, and also such Worts, Wash, Low Wines, and Spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession any such Still, Worts, Waih, Low Wines, or Spirits shall be found, shall forfeit two hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no raw or unreftified Spirits made from any of the Materials aforesaid for Sale or Consumption, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be removed or lent from the Place of the Manufacture, without being accompanied by a Certificate subscribed at such Place, at the Time of their Removal, by the licensed Dffiiller or Maker thereof, or his known and authorised Clerk or Agent, expressing that the same were made by such licensed DiUiller, specifying the Kind and Quantity of such Spirits, the Number of Casks or Packages in which the same are contained, the Person to whom and the Place to which the same are to be feat, and limiting a reasonable Time within which the same are to be removed and received; and that all such Spirits which shall be removed or conveyed by Land or by Water, from one Part in Scotland to any other Part in Scotland, without being accompanied with such Certificate, or which shall be found not to correspond or agree therewith in all or any of the Respects aforesaid, or shall be found removing, or to have been removed contrary thereto, or after the same hath been expired, shall, together with the Casks, Vessels, or other Packages containing the said Spirits, be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Permit or Permits shall be requisite for the first Removal of raw or unrectified Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Flace or Places where the lame were made or manufactured, to any other Place or Places whatsoever in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or lie construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or change, any Act or Acts now in force for the surveying and keeping a regular Account of the Stocks of Rectifiers and Compounders, Dealers in and Retailers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, but that such Rectifiers, Compounders, Dealers, and Retailers, shall remain subject to the Surveys of the Officers of Excise, and to all other Rules and Regulations, made and provided by any Law now in force, relative to Rectifiers, Compounders, Dealers, or Retailers, saving and excepting that such Rectifiers and Compounders, as well as Makers or Distillers, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may send out, and that such Rectifiers and Compounders may receive British-mzde Spirits, of whatever Strength he, she, or they may think proper, for Consumption or Sale in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer of Excise who shall, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, seize and bring to Condemnation any Still by this Act made liable to Seizure and Forfeiture, (except in the Case of such Still or Stills being seized on the Discovery of any other Person in the Manner herein after specified,) shall be intitled to a Reward of two Shillings and Sixpence for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity t)f such Still, including the Head thereof, to be paid out of His Maj city’s Duties of Excise in Scotland, upon an Order from the said Commissioners of Excise, which Order the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to grant: Provided nevertheless, That such Reward shall not exceed the, Sum of twenty-one Pounds for any one Still

so

l e granted fa CJirv on Chemical Lx; trim mails, Sec,

but if used for d ft) Iling Spirirf, to be forfeited, and also 200l.

Officers may ex*

amine Mill H’ ule«, ani any Won or Stills f‘und in t'rrpa^ ration contrary to this Ac), to be forfeited, at ad also aooU

No Spirits to removed from the Manufj&or^ without Certificate from the Maker, of the Quantity, See on Penalty of Forfeiture*

Pernvts for the~ first Removal of Raw Spirits, iiot requ fiee.

Rectifiers, See, to be subject at heretofore to Surveys, Scc;

Rewards to Officers seizing Stills, and to Perfnrs difeo-xering Stills liable to Seizure, &c.

4^4

Officer* not seizing Stills in 24 Hours after Information, to be

&c. }

and the Person making the Complaint against the Officer, if he also gave the Information, to be paid is. 6 d. per

C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

so seized as aforesaid: And if any Person (not being an Officer of Excise) shall make Discovery of any Still liable to Seizure and Forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the same shall be seized and condemned, such Person or Persons shall be intitled to a Reward of one Shilling and Sixpence for every Gallon of the Capacity or Content of such Still, to be paid on the Condemnation thereof: Provided also, That such Reward shall not exceed the Sum often Pounds and ten Shillings for any one Still so forfeited as last aforesaid; and the Officer or Officers of Excile by whom the same shall be seized, shall also be intitled to a Reward of one Shilling for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of such Still, so that such iall-mentioned Reward shall not, for any one Still, exceed the Sum of ten Pounds and ten Shillings; and that such several Rewards shall be paid by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excile as aforesaid; and if, by reason of the small Size of any such Still or Stills, the said Commissioners of Excile shall think any of the Rewards aforesaid insufficient, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorised to augment the same respectively, not exceeding the respective Sums aforesaid.

XXVI. And be further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise shall, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after he shall have received Information of any Still being unlawfully crested, used, or kept, or of any Wort, Wash, Tilts, or Low Wines, prepared and intended to be unlawfully used in Distillation, wilfully neglect to seize the same reflectively, every such Officer so offending shall, upon Complaint made thereof, and Proof of the Fast, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, be dismissed from his or their Office, and shall never afterwards be capable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Place of Trust whatever; and shall moreover forfeit and lose all such Salary as shall be due to him at the Time of his Dismission; and in case the Person or Persons making such Complaint shall be the same Person or Persons who gave the Information as aforesaid to the Officer or Officers so dismissed, such Person or Persons shall be intitled to a Reward of one Shilling and Sixpence for every Gallon of the Content or Capacity of the said Still or Stills $ to be paid by the Order of the said Commissioners of Excise out of the Revenues of Excise.

Gallon of the Contents of the S-ills.

Still Makers to take out an annual L'cence j to (lamp their Stills, and give Notice to the Officer that they may be gauged.

Penalty on not giving Notice.

Persons importing Stills into Scotland, to give Notice to the Officers, on Penalty of 501.

and any such Still erelted without being gauged by the Officer, to be forfeited, and also 501.

This Act not to discharge Penalties under any former A At, dec. nor to alter any Law now in force, dec. or any Part of 25 Geo. 3. c. »2

or 25 Geo. 3. c. 42.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maker of Stills, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, take out a Licence from the Officer so to be authorised as aforesaid to grant the same, and shall pay a Fee of five Shillings for such Licence, and no more; and every such Maker or Makers shall (lamp his or their Name or Names, and the progressive Number, and the Content or Capacity of every Still made by him, her, or them, upon the Shoulder thereof; and in order that the Content of the said Still or Stills may be distinctly ascertained, the said Maker or Makers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, within three Days after finishing any Still, to give Notice to the Officer of Excise of the Divihon where such Still hath been so made, that the same is ready to be gauged and stamped; and such Officer is hereby required, within three Days after such Notification, to gauge such Still, and to grant a Certificate, specifying the Number, Content, and Maker’s Name or Names of such Still; and in case any such Maker or Makers shall fail to give such Notice to the said Officer as aforesaid, such Maker or Makers shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for each Gallon of the Content or Capacity of every such Still so made by him, her, or them.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall import or bring any Still or Stills into Scotland from that Part of Great Britain called England, or from foreign Parts, such Person or Persons shall, within three Days after the Arrival of such Still or Stills, give Notice of the Number, Size, and Content of the same, and of the Place where the same is deposited, to the Officer of the Division, District, Place, or Bounds; and such Officer shall, within twenty Hours after the Receipt of such Notice, gauge and (lamp, or cause to be gauged and stamped, the said Still or Stills, in the same Manner as is herein-before directed in the Case of a Still or Stills being made in Scotland; and if the Person or Persons who shall so import or bring any Still or Stills into Scotland, shall neglect or omit to give such Notice thereof as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Still so imported or brought; and in case any such Still or Stills shall be erected without being previously gauged and marked by the proper Officer of Excise, every such Still or Stills shall be forfeited and lost, and the Owner and Owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and besides all other Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for the unlawful using the same: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall discharge or acquit any Distiller or other Person from any Penalty or Forfeiture already incurred under any former Act or Awls for granting any Duties upon Worts, Wash, or other Liquor, or other Duties, or from Payment of any Arrears of such Duties which, prior to the Commencement of this Act, shall remain unpaid; nor shall any Thing in this Act contained extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any Law or Laws now in force, with respect to the making of British Spirits for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to repeal or alter any Part of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliaments as relates to the Distillation of Corn Spirits in small Stills, in certain Counties or Df-trifts of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorizing the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, to grant Licences to Persons, living in the said Counties or Districts, to distil Spirits from Barley, Bear, or Bigg, the Growth of the said Counties, and for imposing a Duty on such Licences,) nor to prejudice the Right and Privilege granted to Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act

for v (fling in Archibald Earl of Dundonald, his Executors, Administrators, and Ajfsigns, the sole Use and Property

485

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

of a Method of extracting or making Tar, Pitch, Essential Oils, Volatile Alkali, Mineral Acids, Salts, and Cinders^from Pit Coal throughout his Majestfs Dominions, for a limited Time).

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said last mentioned Act contained, the said Earl, his Executors, Administrators, or AIBgns, shall be, and he or they is and are hereby required to deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excise of the L)ivision, District, Place, or Bounds, within which any of his or their said Works or Stills are or shall be erected, an Account in Writing, specifying the Number of his or their said Stills, with a Description of the same, and the Purposes for which such Stills were respectively erected; reserving to any of his Majesty's Officers of Excise, under the Conditions and Limitations herein after specified, at all lawful Hours, to visit such Work or Works, and such Still or Stills, and to examine, by all proper Means, the Liquor or Matter coming from the said Still or Stills; but not to open the said Still or Stills, unless the said Officer or Officers shall not otherwise be allowed to examine the Liquor or Matter coming from the said Still or Stills.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be in the Power of any Officer or Officers of Excise to visit or inspect the said Workhouse or Workhouses, or the said Still or Stills, or House or Houses, or Places thereto belonging, unless the said Officer or Officers shall have previously obtained an Order from the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, in England and Scotland respectively, or shall proceed upon a signed Information in Writing, and upon Oath made and reduced also into Writing, before any one or more of the said Commissioners of Excise, or before any one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, certifying that the said Works or Stills in the said Act described, in place of being bona fide used for the Purposes therein mentioned, are or have been used in extracting Low Wines or Spirits from Wort, Wash, or other Materials whatsoever$ in which Case such written Information, and Oath, and Warrant proceeding thereupon, shall be lodged, if required, with the Manager of the Taid Works so visited, upon the said Manager’s granting a Receipt for the same; and if the said Still or Stills shall be at such Visitation, or shall have been previously ulVd after being erected in the said Works for the Purpose of diddling Wash, Worts, Low Wines, or Spirits, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, such Still or Stills, and Utensils belonging thereto, shall be seized and forfeited as unlicensed Stills, and the Owners and Ul‘ers thereof subjected to the Pains and Penalties in that Behalf made and provided by this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties granted and imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force upon any Licence required to be taken by any Distiller or Maker of Spirits from Corn, Malt, or other Materials, in Scotland (save only and except any Arrears now due in respect of such Rates or Duties), shall be discontinued for the Space of one Year.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the sixth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, an Account shall be taken, by the proper Officers of Excise, of the Stock of British Spirits then on hand at the several and respective licensed Distilleries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and a Return thereof shall be made in Writing by such Officers to the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland; and if such Spirits, or any Part thereof, shall be intended to be sent into that Part of Great Britain called England, Notice thereof shall be immediately given to such Officer or Officers, by such Distiller or Distillers, specifying therein the Quantity and Kind of Spirits so intended to be sent into that Part of Great Britain called England; and the said Spirits, and every Part thereof, shall thereupon be forthwith secured and locked up in a Warehouse or Warehouses, to be provided at the Expence of such Distiller or Distillers, and approved of by the said Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, each of Which Warehouses shall be secured under three Locks and three Keys, one of such Locks to be provided by such Distiller, and the other two Locks to be provided by the Surveyor, Supervisor, or Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where such Spirits shall be locked up, at the Expence of such Distiller or Distillers, whereof one Key of each Place shall be kept by such Distiller or Distillers, and another by such Surveyor or Supervisor, and the third by such Officer of Excise, until the same Spirits and every Part thereof shall be delivered out to be shipped for England as aforesaid, and the said Spirits shall not be delivered or taken out therefrom For any other Purpose or Purposes whatever, except as is herein after provided and excepted, nor without a Permit or Permits from the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, certifying that the said Spirits were made or diddled before the said sixth Day of July, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and tighty-eight, and had been taken Account of and locked up as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Spirits of which an Account shall have been so taken, and which shall have been so secured as aforesaid, may be shipped for Exportation from that Hart of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England, and cleared outwards at the Custom-house of the Port where the same shall be so shipped, at any Time or Times before the tenth Day of October \n the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty -eight; and shall and may be imported to, and landed in that Part of Great Britain called England, under the like Rules, Restrictions, Regulations, Conditions, and Provisions, and subject and liable to the same Duties, upon being brought into England, as is and are contained in an Act of Parliament made in the twemy-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for repealing the fiveral Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties iny lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue j for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the Erencii King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National. Debt)

Earl of Dundo-mid to give the Officer an Account of hit Stills, Scc*

Officer not to in* spe& his Lord* ship's Work-housea without an Order from the Commissioners of Excise, off Information of the Stills being illegally worked*

Duty "upon LI. cences to Distillers, to bediL continued for a Year.

On July 6, 1788, the Stock of Spirits at the licensed Distilleries in Scotland to betaken; and Notice of any Part thereof intended to be sent to England, to be given to the Officer, which is to be locked up in the Manner herein directed, and not delivered without a Permit.

Spirits so secured may be shipped and cleared out any Time before Ott'>ber 10,

17 88* and may be lanHel in Eng.

Imd subject to the Duties acd Regulations of »7 Geo. j. c. J3I

486

and tS Geo. 3. c. 4.

CarntTufllonm of Excile may allow Spiriti so secured, to be t*k.cn out for S^le inScoilai of & c.

If Distillrtf, to whom Mo* k1* f > taken belon?, d-> not take out a Licence for a Year, no Part thereof to be removed without a Permit.

Distiller* making Spirits in England to be cxpoited to Scotland, and con-trariwile, to make a previous Entry of SviJls, &c.

«nd give Notice of the Day they intend to begin to brew any Corn, &c.

Penalty of tool, for Neglect to make <uch Entry or give such Notice.

DiPill'r! not beginning their Opeiati* ns in an Hour after the Time peckfied in their Notices, to give ftcih oj e?, on I'ei.alty of I GO 1.

No Distillers permitted to m«-ke Entrj, or give Notice of Intention to make Spirit?. in England to expo t to Scot-lane, or in Scotland to txp^rt to

C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A. t). 1788.

Debt); and in another Act of Parliament made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his kid Majesty (intituled, An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England), for or in respect of British Spirits made or diddled in Scotland\ and brought from thence into any other Part of the United Kingdom on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, That in case any such Distiller or Distillers shall, on or before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-tight, find it more expedient to take out such Spirits, or any Part of the same as shall have been so locked up as aforesaid, for Sale and Consumption in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland or for Rectification, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissiontiers of Excise in Scotland, upon Application to them made, to order and a low such Spirits to be so taken out of such Warehouse or Ware-houses, under the InspeEii on of the proper Surveyor or Supervisor and Officer of Excise of the Difirict, Division, or Place, wherein the said Spirits shall have been secured as aforesaid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if, after taking such Stock as aforesaid, any Distiller or Distillers, to whom such Stock shall belong, shall not take out a Licence for dividing under this Act, for and during the Year from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, then and in that Case no such Spirits, nor any Part thereof, shall, after the sixth Day of July aforesaid, be removed orient out from the Possession of the said Didilier or D ill illers, without a regular Permit or Permits from the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, who is and are hereby authorised and required to grant the same according to the Directions and Regulations of the several Statutes in that Case made and provided; any 1'hing in this Act contained to the contrary in any ways notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Distillers who shall be deiirous of making or diitdiing Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or of making or diddling Spirits in that Part of Great Britain Called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, four Days at the lead: before he, she, or they shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Walh to be diddled into Low Wines, in order to extract Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise within the Limits whereof his, Ter, or their Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place for diddling or keeping Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, is or shall be situate, of all and every Still, Copper, Tun, Wash-back, Cask, or other Vessel, which he, she, or they shall make use of for the brewing, diddling, working, making, laying, or keeping any Worts, Walh, Low Wines, or Spirits; and also of the Casks or Vessels which every such Distiller or Distillers shall make use of, for the brewing, holding, or keeping of the After-runnings or Feints from the second Extraction, which shall from Time to Time be drawn from every such Still; and also of all and every Workhouse, Stillhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place by him, her, or them, used for the preparing, diddling, or keeping Walh* Low Wines, or Spirits; and shall also give or leave at the said Office of Excise, a Notice in Writing, specifying therein the Day when he, she, or they shall intend to begin fird to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be diddled into Low Wines, in order to extract Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid; and in such Notice shall also specify from what Materials he, she, or they intends or intend to make such Spi 1 its for such Exportation as aforesaid; that is to say. Whether from Corn, Grain, Malt, Cyder, Perry, or other Wadi or Liquor made or brewed from British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, or from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or from foreign refuted Wine, or foreign Cyder or Walh prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, and shall afterwards, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of such Entry, give or leave Notice, in Writing, at such Office of Excise. or with the Officer of Excise for the Division or Place where such Spirits are intended to be made, four Hours at the lead before he, she, or they Giall begin any such Cubic-quest brewing or mixing, and in such Notice diall specify the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to begin; and shall also, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of such Entry, give or leave Notice in Writing at such Office of Excise, or with such Officer of Excise, four Hours at the lead before any Wash is pumped up, or otherwise conveyed into his, her, or their Still or Stills, and shall specify in such Notice the Hour when he, she, or they shall intend to begin; and if he, she, or they shall neg!e£l or refute to make tuch Entry as aforesaid, or to give such respective Notices as aforesaid, every such Distiller and Distillers, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and if such Distiller or Distillers, having given such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, shall not begin and proceed in such respective Operations at the Hour and Time or Times mentioned in such respective Notices, or within one Hour next afterwards, then every such Notice or Notices respectively shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be null and void, and every such Distiller and Distillers shall be obliged to give a fredi and like Notice or Notices as aforesaid as the Cale may require; and in case any such Efiftiller or Distillers shall begin any such respective Operation without giving such fresh Notice or Notices respectively, in case such fird Notice or Notices dial) respectively become void, then, and in every such Cale, such Didilier and Distillers so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Su;n of one hundred Pounds.

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to permit or authorise any Didilier or Distillers to enter or give Notice of his Intention to make Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that.Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Wash Still will not contain one thousand six hundred Gallons, and the Spirit or Low Wine Still eight hundred and fifty Gallons, nor to pcimit or authorise any Distiller or Distillers to enter or give Notice of his intention to make Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part ol Great Britain called England, whose Wash Still will not contain two hundred Gallons, and the

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

Spirit or Low Wine Still fifty Gallons; neither Avail any Distiller or DiAillers be entitled or permitted to cliftil Spirits for foci) Exportation as aforesaid, although he, she, or they may have made an Entry as aforesaid, ur.Lfs he, she, or they shall actually have distilled into Spirits all the VAAh and Low Wines in his, her, or their Cu finely or i’ofidiion, for the making of Spirits for Home Consumption, at lead forty-eight licurs before the Day mentioned in such Entry.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and DiAillers, and Maker or Makers of Spirits in that Part or Great Britain called England, for Exportation from ther.ce to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, take out such Licence herein after mentioned, as the Case may require, authorising such Distiller and iDiiliilcr?, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid; and such Licences respectively shall be granted in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to fav. If any such Licence shall be granted to atuhorilc the Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, to whom the same shall be granted, to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Chief Oihcc of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or moic of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; but if any such Licence Aiali be granted to authorise the Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, to whom the same Aiali be granted, to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid in any Part of the Kingdom of England not within the said Limits, the same Aiali be granted under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Supervisor of Excise of the Collection or Districtin the Kingdom of England within which the same Aiali authorise the Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits to whom the same shall be granted, to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid; and such Commissioners of Excise, or two or more of them, and the Fcrfcns to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant Licences to the Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits applying for the same, on such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, of Spirits appl ying for the same, hrft paying for each such Licence which shall be granted to authorise the Distiller or IXitillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, to whom the same shall be granted, to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, the several Duties and Sums of Money following; that is to say,

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed by such Distiller or DiAillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of three Pounds: .

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be uied or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of live Pounds:

For and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed by any such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for making Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wafti prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for such Exportation as aforesaid the Sum of six Pounds.

Which said respective Duties and Sums of Money Aiali be paid by such Person or Persons, and at the re-(pe<5hve Times and in the Manner herein after mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons Aiali begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials (or the making of Wash to be distilled into 3Lovv Wines in order to extract Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such Person or Persons shall take out such Licence, in the Manner as is in that Behalf therein-before directed, ten Days at the least before he, she, or they shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be distilled into Low Wines, in order to extract Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall begin to brew any Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be distilled into Low Wines, in order to extract Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without taking out such Licence, as is in that Behalf herein-before directed, the Person or Persons so offending Aiali, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall take out such Licence as in that Behalf is before directed, shall immediately pay down the Proportion of the Duty from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to the Day of granting such Licence, and also one-sixth Part of the Money hereby directed to be paid for such Licence (o to be taken out, £tnd shall at the End of every two Months, to be reckoned from the "Lime of taking out such Licence, pay down another sixth Part of the Money to be paid for such Licence, until the Whole of the Money hereby directed to be paid for such Licence shall be fully paid.

*S Geo. III. 3 S XL. And

487

E^hnd, whose Mi ill* are not of the Chanty herein mentt-ca.d, &c.

tnp t.n h D flil*

! ms to t?kc out such Licence is is be-eir-^fier mentoned.

Manner of granting such Licences.

The following Duties to be pail for Licences to d'stil Spirits in England to export to Scotland, ▼ix.

For terry Gallon of the Contents of i heStill, if the Materials are Bri’.i/h, 3 1 }

if Melasses or Sugar, 5 1.;

and if Foreign refund Wiue, &c. 61.

Licences to be taken out 10 Days before the Fartie* begin to m Wash to be distilled for Exportation to Scotland.

Penalty of20ol« for Neglect of taking out such Licence-

Manner of paying the Duty for such Licences.

4-SS C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

To whom iht

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Sums of Money to be paid Di nt* are to be for such Licences respectively, shall be paid to such Persons as are herein after in that Behalf respectively pal mentioned; that is to say, Such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be granted to authorise

any Person or Persons to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise an London, shall be paid to the said Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall be paid for such Licences which shall be granted to authorise any Person or Persons to make Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid in any Part of the Kingdom of England net within the Limits of the Chief Office of the Excise in London, shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Excise granting such respective Licences.

DlfthlerfinEng-

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Corn-land wth’rvw missioners of Excise in England, and they are thereby authorised and required, to allow and repay to all and irg their Entriet every Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called?£*£-for Sp^i- larjrf^ who shall be duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, and shall have withdrawn his, her,

ation°and Xmlk or t^leir Fntry for making Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, and shall afterwards have made due Entry ingErtryfor for making Spirits for Home Consumption in that Part of Great Britain called England, a proportional HomeConfu pp. Abatement of the Licence Duty paid by such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, for lion, to be allow- or in rei',)c£f of the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their licensed Still or Stills, corresponding, as herein-ofibeln1 lT"' mciU'onedi to the Time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ such his, her, or their

(fnee ivv, a» Still or Stills, for the making Low Wines or Spirits from any of the iMaterials aforesaid, for Home Con-followe, vi*. fumption, in that Part of Great Britain called England; (that is to say,)

For every Day For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed Still or Stills, to him, the Still ii used her, or them belonging, for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or in making Spi- Perry, or other Wash or liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture there-fiti, if from Bti. with, for Home Consumption as aforesaid, two Pence and four Tenths of a Penny for every Gallon of the ad. ind'^ioha, Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used:

for every Gallon of the Contents$

if from Mehflts For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for making nr Sugar, j Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith for Home Consumption as aforesaid, four Pence for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used:

and Jf from so* And for every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for making reign refused Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refused Wine or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for Home Consumption as aforesaid, and 8 ioths. four pence ancj eight Tenths of a Penny foe every Gallon of the Cubical Content of such Still, including the Head, so used.

Dirt;Hen in

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for die Com-

Scodand extra&- missioners of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and they are hereby authorised and re-Ug Spirit* for quired, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, to allow or repay, within two Months, to every Dif-E^Und to be er or Distillers who shall have given or left such Notice as aforesaid, of his, her, or their Intention to Howtd «n° C brew Corn or Grain, or to mix any other Materials for the making of Wash to be distilled into Low Abatement of Wines, in order to extra# Spirits for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that the Licence Du- Part of Great Britain called England, a proportional Abatement of the Licence Duty paid by such Distiller

ty,*» follow 1j or Distillers, for or in respect of the Capacity or Content of his, her, or their Still or Stills, corresponding

?w‘ to the Time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any Still or Stills for the making Low

Wines or Spirits from any of the Materials aforesaid, for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, in the Manner following; (that is to say,)

For every Day For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed Still or Stills for the the Still i* used making of Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or any Sort of British in making Spi- Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of two Pence and four Tenths. Jjfh Materials"" a Fenny for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head,

td. and 4-ioths, so ufedi

for every Gallon

of the Contents; For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such Still or Stills for the making if from Mviaflea of Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid, or Sugar, 4d.; the Sum of four Pence for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used:

and if from so* For every Day, during which he, she, or they shall use or enmloy any such Still or Stills for the making reign refused of Low Wines or Spirits from foreign refused Wine, or foreign Cyder or Wash prepared from foreign Ma-Wine*, dec. 4 d* terials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for Exportation as aforesaid, the Sum of four and 8-iothi. pence and eight Tenths of a Penny for every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every such Still, including the Head, so used.

Duties to be paid

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Distiller and in a Week, on Distillers shall from Time to Time pay and clear off all the said Duties, within one Week next after the Fain of forfeit* If respectiv*

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo odfovo Georgii III. c. 46. 489

respective Days for or In respeift whereof the same accrued, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Re- double the tuial to nay the same within such One Week, double the Sum of the said Duties rcf|ie£lively. DulJr'

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Till and every Distiller and Dif- Penal y oficol. tillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation °n D'(Hi«ri from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all and every Distiller and Distillers, and stiiiT* herein Maker and Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to ^,.3^ pr n>)t that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw oft’ arty Low mi or It «bem W ines from his, her, or their Wash Still, charge the same with Wort or Wash, in the Proportion of not Ids off in due Tioat, than four Parts in fiyc of the whole Quantity of Liquor which such Still, including the Head, is capable of containing; and that every such YVaih Still shall be worked off within the Space of twenty-four Hours, to be computed from the Time of the Officers taking an Account of the Charge of such Still; and that all and every such Distiller and Distillers, and Maker and Makers of Spirits, who shall begin to draw off any Low.Wines until his, her, or their YVafh Still shall have been charged in Manner herein-before directed, or after having been so charged shall not work the same off within such twenty-four flours, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Still belonging to any Distiller DHIillenSnSeel-or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation iT^orrStioti from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall have begun to extradf Spirits for such i^England/uT Exportation as aforesaid, shall be used and employed for the making Low Wines or Spirits five Days at the Work «often u least during the first Week, to be computed from the Time when he, she, or they shall so begin to extract herein mention* Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid; and every such Still shall also, after such fn ft Week, during the on Penalty of Continuance of his, her, or theiV Entry for Exportation as aforesaid, be used and employed as aforesaid such n* *t OroUfioa* Number of Days as herein after mentioned; that is to say, five Days in every Week during the Continu- ance of such Entry for Exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth Day of November inclusive, and the fifteenth Day of May exclusive; and four Days in every Week during the Continuance of such Entry for Exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth Day of May inclusive, and the fifteenth Day of November cx-elusive: And if any such Distfikr or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, who shall have begun to extract Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, shall not use and employ every Still belonging to him, her, or them, for the making Low Wines or Spirits, five Days at the least during the first Week, to be comjrtited from the Time when he, she, or they shall so begin to extract Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid; or if such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, shall not, after such first Week, during the Continuance of his, her, or their Entry for Exportation as aforesaid, use and employ every such Still as aforesaid five Days in every Week during the Continuance of such Entry for Exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth Day of November inclusive, and the fifteenth Day of May exclusive; and four Days in every Week, during the Continuance of such Entry for Exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth Day of May inclusive, and the fifteenth Day of November exclusive, he, she, or they shall, for each and every Day in which such Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers, shall not use every Still to him, her, or them belonging, in Manner as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wash which shall be brewed or fnr"* made according to the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of this Act for exttacting Low Wines or Spirits JoJ^nirution for Exportation from that Part of Great Britain called England, to that Part of Great Britain called Scot- from *England"# land, shall be charged or chargeable with any Duty or Duties of Excise granted by any Act or Acts of Scotland, not to Parliament heretofore made. be durable

withLxcifeDuff.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Distiller and Distillers DistilleriforEx* who shall make or distil Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence portationinEng-to that Part Xif Great Britain called Scotland; or who shall make or distil Spirits in that Part of Great Bri- jandand Scot-tain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, shall, for to"he Officer the every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared or made from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, *jthin menVion-or any Sort of Britislo Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as afore- ed Quantities f.f said, found in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, betwixt the fifth Day of July one tfioufand seven Spirits from the hundred and eighty-eight, and the sixth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, produce *"h,n menu unto the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excite at least sixteen Gallons and an Half of Spirits of the

Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof; for every one hundred Gallons of Walh prepared or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, found in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, betwixt the Days last aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least eighteen Gallons and an Half of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and for every one hundred Gallons of Wash prepared or maJc from foreign refuted Wine, or foreign Cyder, or YVafti prepared from foreign Materials (except Melasses and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, found in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, betwixt the Days last aforesaid, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least sixteen Gallons and an Half of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid; and that in every Case where the Produce of Spirits extracted by any such and If the Pro-Distiller or Distillers betwixt the Days aforesaid, shall fall short of the Proportions aforesaid, every such portion of Spirits Distiller and Distillers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby made chargeable with, and shall pay the rrfoi°Wm following Duties of Excise for every Gallon of Spirits which shall bt deficient of the Quantities aforesaid; {* QUctic°t that is to say: '

490

F< r every deficient r. li, n, if the Materials be British 2 s. 9 d.

if MdafTes nr Sugar, i s. iod. 2 q.

and if for-ti^n nt'used Wine,

5S.

IVrf ns making D.tVult in 1 it y -n.em t fork it double the Duly.

R^guiat’ons for draw ingeft* Wirt from Backs* and Spirits for Ex-putalion from Still*, whir h must be done in the Presence of sn Officer and guafed; and after w ards f*-cured in Ware* Saules,

Distillers removing Wash from Back?, or running r ft' Spin’* from Stills, contrary to this *c.

cr obstrn^ing the fti e- in taning bam* plc«, &:c.

cr neg?etfting *0 Vravi.le Wa:c-lavufes, Si c*

C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 17B8.

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wash prepared or made from Corn, Grain, Malt, "Tilts, Cyder, or Perry, or any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for.extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, two Shillings and nine Pence:

For every Gallon of such Spirits from Wash prepared or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, two Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny:

And for every Gallon of such Spirits from Wash prepared or made from foreign refused Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials (except Mclailcs and Sugar), or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Exportation as aforesaid, five Shillings:

Which respective Duties for such Deficiencies reflectively shall be paid by such Distiller and Distillers re-fpcitively cn the Day last aforesaid; and if Default shall be made in any such Payment, the Distiller and Diitdlers respectively making such Default shall forfeit double the Amount of the Duty by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Deficiency.

XLVIII. c And, for the preventing Frauds which Distillers for such Exportation as aforesaid may commit, by privately removing and concealing the Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, and in order that the c Officer may obtain true Gauges of the same ;* be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wash that shall be brewed or mixed by any such Distiller or Distillers for extracting Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, shall be pumped up into the Stili or Stills, or otherwise removed from the Back or Vessel wherein the same was fermented, but in the Presence of the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be; and all and every such Distiller and Distillers shall, and he, (he, and they respectively is and are hereby required to run or draw off his, her, or their Low Wines immediately from the Still into an entered Vessel only, and to continue them therein, so that the Officers of Excise may take a true Gauge of such Low Wines; and such Distiller and Distillers respectively shall provide a proper Cask, which shall be duly entered and gauged, into which the Spirits shall run immediately from the Still, which Calk shall be sufficient to contain the whole Produce of Spirits to be extracted from each Still, when made up to the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof; and when the whole Quantity of Spirits shall be collected in such Cask from each Still, all and every such Distiller and Distillers shall, and he, (he, and they respectively is and are hereby required immediately to make upjiich Spirits, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, to the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and a true Gauge of such Spirits so made up shall then be taken by the Officer of Excise, who shall keep an exact Account thereof; and such Spirits, and every Part thereof, shall immediately afterwards be put into Casks, and secured, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, in a Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided, and duly entered at Hie proper Office of Excise, and kept for that Purpose by and at the Expence of such Distiller and Distillers* which Spirits shall be kept there separate and apart from all Spirits made for Home Consumption, and no Spirits for Home Consumption shall be put into the same Warehouse; and such Warehouse and Warehouses shall be secured under three Locks and three Keys to each such Warehouse in which such Spirits shall be secured, one of such Leeks to be provided by such Distiller, and the other two Locks to be provided by the Surveyor, Supervisor, or Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where such Spirits shall be locked up, at the Expence of such Distiller or Distillers, whereof one Key of each Place shall be kept by such Distiller or Distillers, and another by such Surveyor or Supervisor, and the third by such Officer of Excise, until the same Spirits shall be delivered out for Rectification, or afterwards for such Exportation as aforesaid; which Warehouse and Warehouses shall be made well and Efficiently secure to the Satisfaction and Appiohation of the respective Surveyors or Supervisors of Excise for the Time being, in whole Division or District any such Warehouse or Warehouses shall be situated, whose Approbation thereof shall be signified in Writing, under the Hands of such Surveyor or Supervisor; and such respective Surveyors or Supervisors are hereby required to attend, on reasonable Notice to them given by the respective Distillers, in order to view the same: And if any Distiller or Distillers, for such Exportation as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the Directions of this Act, pump up into the Still or Stills, or otherwise remove any such Wash as aforesaid from the Back or Veil'd wherein the same was fermented, but in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, or shall not ran off, or cause to be run off, his, her, or their Low Wines immediately from the Still into an entered Vessel only, or shall not continue the same in such entered Vessel, so that the Officers of Excise may take a true Gauge of such Low Wines, or shall neglect or refuse to provide a proper Cask into which the Spirits shall run immediately from the Still as aforesaid, or to enter such Cufk, or shall run oft' any Spirits from the Still into any Cask, except such Cask hereinbefore directed to be provided, or shall, when the whole Quantity of Spirits shall be collected as aforesaid, neglect or refuse immediately to make up, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, such Spirits to the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof; or shall by any Ways or Means prevent, hinder, or obitrud: the Officer of Excise from taking a Gauge or Gauges of the Wash, Lovy Wines, or Spirits, or to take a Sample or Samples of them, or any of them, or to try the Proof of the Spirits (which Gauges, Samples, and Trials of Proofs, they are hereby impowered to take and make as often as such Officer of Excise shall think fit, and which Samples shall be returned by the Officers of Excise to the respe-ftive Traders, when the Commissioners of Excise shall find it expedient to give Directions for that Purpose), or shall neglect or refuse, immediately after the Spirits are fb made up to the Strength aforesaid, to put Inch Spirits into Casks, and secure the same, in the Presence of me Officer of Excise, in a Warehouse or Warehouses, according the Directions of this Act; or shall neglect or refuse to provide and keep a Warehouse or Warehouses for that Purpose, or to secure the same well and Efficiently, according to the 8 Directions

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

Directions of this Act, or to provide or keep such V/crehouse or Warehouses with Locks and Keys for securing such Spiiits for such Exportation as aforesaid, or to enter such Warehous- or Warehouses for that Purnoic at the proper Office of Excite, nr thill make use of any Warehouse or Warehouses, or other /lace or Places for kec\ ing Spiiits for Inch Exportation as aforesaid, before the lame {had have been hr ft approved of, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall put into or keep m fin :h Warehouse or Ware* houses any Spirits made for Home Consum- tion; or if any such Distd er or Oilfillers, or any other Person or Persons whuisoever by his, her, or their Order, Privity, Connivance, or Directiom after any such Spirits shall have been locked up and secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses for keeping Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors in the Absence of t.ie proper Surveyor or Supervisor, and Officer of Excite, or shall make any Way or Kind of Entrance into any such Warehouse or Warehouses, or shall remove any Part whatever of the Partition between any Warehouse or Warehouses for keeping Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, or any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall, after any such Warehouse or Warehouses shall have been so approved of as aforesaid, rr.ulce any Addition to, or in any Way alter the same without Notice first given to the proper Surveyor or Supervisor of Exc le of the Division or Disttict in which any such Warehouse or Warehouses shall be lituute, of such intended Addition to, or Alteration in such Warehouse or Warehouses, and his Consent in Writing first had obtained for the same; or shall remove any of the said Spirits from any locked-up Warehouse or Warehouses, to any other Warehouse or Warehouses for keeping Spirits, before the same be taken out either for immediate Rectification or to be immediately put on ship-board and exported as aforesaid; or shall by any Art, Contrivance, or Device whatsoever, remove, convey away, or conceal, or cause, procure, or fufter to be removed, conveyed away, or concealed, any of the Wafti or Low Wines for making Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, or any such Spirits, whether raw or re&ihed, either before the same are put into the Warehouse or Warehouses, or afterwards; then, and in edch and every such Case, such Distiller and Distillers, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tffiat in case it shall at any Time happen that the Spirits distilk-d for such Exportation as aforesaid in one Day belonging to any such Distiller or Distillers cannot, for Want of Time, be conveyed from the Spirit Cask (into which they are directed to be run immediately from the Still) and locked up in the Warehouse or Warehouses as hereinbefore is directed, the Officer of Excise shall gauge the same, and secure the Lid of the said Spirit Calk, and take Samples thereof, which Spirits shall be locked up in such Warehouse or Warehouses the next Morning, (if not intended for immediate Exportation as aforesaid); and if it shall appear that any Decrease has been made in the Quantity or Quality of the said Spirits so gauged, or in case any such Spirits shall have been removed'in the Absence of the Officer of Excise, in either of the said Cases the Distiller or Distillers shall, for every Gallon of such Spirits, calculated at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, so decreased or removed, forfeit the Sum of ten Shillings.

L. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Distiller or Distillers for Exportation ftull be delirous to take any of his, her, or their Spirits out of any of the said Warehouses where the lame shall be so locked up, in order to be rectified, or when rectified and again deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses, in order to be put immediately on Shipboard for such Exportation as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall thereof give Notice in Writing to the Surveyor or Supervisor, or Officer of Excise of the Division or District where such Spirits shall be lo locked up, by the Space of four Hours before the Ti me he, she, or they shall begin to take out the same as aforesaid, and shall also speciiy in Inch Notice the precise Day, and Hour or such Day, when he, she, or they shall or do intend taking any such Spirits out of such Warehouse or Warehouses; and shall also speciiy in such Notice the Quantity and Quality of Spirits he, she, or they intends or intend to take out, and whether such Spirits are raw or rectified, and out of what particular Warehouse the same are intended to be taken out for Rectification, or for immediate Exportation as aforesaid; and in such Case, such respective Surveyor, Supervisor, or Officer, is and are hereby required to attend, pursuant to such Notice, at the respective Places where such Spirits shall be locked up, and fee the Quantity of Spirits taken out in pursuance of such Notice, and he or they is and are hereby required to take an exact Account of the same; and in case any such Distiller or Distillers shall not begin and proceed to take such Spirits out of the said Warehouse or Warehouses at the Hour and Time specified in such Notice, or within one Hour nCxt after such Time, then every such Notice shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be void, and such Distiller or Distillers shall be, and is and are hereby obliged to give a fresh and like Notice in Manner aforesaid, four Hours at the least before he, she, or they shall begin to take any such Spirits out of such Warehouse or Warehouses; and in case any such Distiller or Distillers shall neglect or refute to give such first Notice before he takes out any of the said Spirits, or to specify in such Notice the Particulars herein-before required, or to give a fresh Notice, in Manner aforesaid, four Hours at the least before he, she, or they dull begin to take out any such Spirits, in case he, she, or they shall not begin and proceed to take out such Spirits at the Hour and Time specified in the said first Notice, or within one Hour next after such Time, such Distiller or Distillers shall, in every such Case, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any raw Spirits shall be so taken out for Rectification in pursuance of such Notice, the same shall be immediately pumped up or put, in the Presence of the Officer of Excise, into the Still or Stills, and be rectified forthwith, and the Spirits shall be run oft immediately from the Still into a like Calk as is nefore ditected to be provided and entered for the containing of Spirits immediately distilled from Low Wines; and when the whole Quantity of such Spirits designed to be rectified shall be collected in such Cask from each Still, the same shall be immediately made up, in the Pretence of the Officer of Excise, to the Strength of one to ten over Elydro-

incter

491

or opening Doort in he .^hfence of the Oihcer

or removing Spirits 3

or concealing Waft, dec.

to forfeit iro h

If Spirit* cannot be locked up in a Warehouse,’h'y must be gauged and secured in the Spirit Ciflc, and for eve y Gallon DcCreaftf therein the Distiller to forfeit

109.

Distillers de-> firou* of taking Spirits from Warehouser, 10 give four Hours previoi s Not iC3

to lhe Officer.

who is to attend and fee the same taken out.

If Spirits are not taken out in at* Hour after the Time specified in the Notice, a fresh one must be given. Distillers neglecting to give Notice, dec. to forfeit 1001.

Regulations in

rectifying raw Spirits taken out of Warclioulct*

492

On f;-seing out Spin's frtm VV.rehotifes 10 be rettififd, Allowances to be made of two Gallons in e*ery loo for Deere a e,

and for any extra D ftciency not propel ly accounted for, a Du y to be paid of 5 s. per Gallon,

Spirits may 1 e lent from the Warehouse of any Maker of Spirits to any other Distiller, under the Regulations herein mentioned.

DistiUeri who hare distilled all their Wist into Spirits for Exportation, may make a fresh Entry for Home Consumption, &c.

2001. Penalty for acting contrary hereto.

Bond to be given for the due Exportation of Spiriis

and if afterwards unshipped, to be forfeited.

C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

meter Proof, at which Strength all such Spirits are to be exported, and a true Gauge of such Spirits so made up shall then be taken by the Officer of Excise, who shall keep an exact Account thereof, and such Spirits shall immediately afterwards be put into Casks, and in the Presence of the Officer fcf Excise, either carried diiecHy on Shipboard for such Exportation as aforesaid (if intended to be so immediately exported), or eife into such Warehouse or Warehouses to be locked up in Manner aforesaid.

LII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Distiller or Distillers of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Exportation from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, shall take out any Spirits from the Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the same shall have been locked up, in order to have such Spirits rectified or compounded before the Exportation thereof as aforesaid, such Distiller or Distillers shall, in consideration of Waste, be allowed two Gallons in every one hundred Gallons of such Spirits so to be rectified or compounded, and so after that Rate for a greater or less Quantity; which Allowance of two Gallons in every one hundred Gallons of Spirits lo rectified or compounded, shall be in full Compensation for all Waste, Loss, or Damage whatsoever (except in Cases of unavoidable Accidents, which shaft be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland as the Case may require); and if any Decrease shall at any Time appear in the Quantity of Spirits so taken out by any such Distiller or Distillers to be rectified or compounded, except such as can or may be accounted for by the Allowance aforesaid, every such Distiller and Distillers shall be charged, and the Officers of Excise are hereby required to charge him, her, or them for all 'Spirits so found to be deficient and not properly accounted for, with a Duty at and after the Rate of five Sniffings and six Pence per Gallon: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to hinder any Maker of Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, from fending such Spirits out of his locked-up Warehouse to any other Distiller, provided such Malcer of Spirits fending, the same, and the Distiller who shall receive the same, do, before such Spirits are taken out of the Warehouse, give Bond with Efficient Security, to be approved of as any other Security is directed by this Actr to be approved, in Double the Value of such Spirits, and five Shillings and six Pence per Gallon for the due and fair Exportation of such Spirits from that Part of Great Britain called England to.that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain Called England, as the Case may require, within three Months next after the Date of such respective Bond; and provided Leave for that Purpose be first obtained in Writing from the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland for the Time being, as the Case may require, and that Notice thereof shall have been given to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey such Distiller shall then be, twenty-four Hours at the least, in order that such Officer may receive the same into such Distiller’s Stock; and provided such Spirits be removed with a proper Certificate from an Officer of Excise; and when such Spirits shall be so received by such Distiller, the same fh^Lbe under' the like Direction as to the Rectification and Exportation thereof, and all other Matters and Things, as if such Spirits had been rectified and exported according to the Regulations of this Act by the Maker thereof; and such Distiller shall, for Breach of any of the said Directions, be subject to the like Penalties as the Maker of such Spirits would have been for the like Offences.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any such Distiller or Distillers shall be desirous of distilling any Spirits for Home Consumption, and shall have actually distilled into Spirits all the Wash, Low Wines, and Feints in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, for the making of Spirits for such Exportation as aforesaid, and such Spirits shall be locked up in the Warehouse as he re in-after is directed, he, she, or they may withdraw his, her, or their Entry for such Exportation, and shall be at Liberty to make a fresh and like Entry for making Spirits for Home Consumption; and at the Expiration of four Days after such Entry made, but not sooner, it shall and may be lawful for such Distiller and Distillers to begin to brew or mix Materials for Wash to be distilled into Spirits for Home Consumption; and if any such Distiller or Distillers shall begin to brew or mix Materials for Wash, to be distilled into Spirits for Home Consumption, without having made such Entry, or contrary to any of the Directions in that Behalf aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Exporter of any such Spirits shall, immediately after the shipping the same, give Bond, with sufficient Security, to be approved of by the re-foective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, or the major Part of them, or the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, inten Shillings per Gallon for each and every Gallon of such Spirits; that the particular Spirits so intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be shipped and exported to the Port or Place to which the same respectively are intended to be exported, and shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, and shall not be unshipped, unladed, or put on board any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat in Great Britain (Shipwreck and other unavoidable Accident excepted), nor relanded in that Part of Great Britain in which the same shall have been so made; which Bond the Officer of Excise of the Port from whence such Spirits shall be exported, appointed for that Purpose by the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them respectively, for the Time being, is hereby directed to take, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use; provided that if after the shipping any such Spirits, the same, or any Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land,' or put into any other Ship, V eficl, or Boat in Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all such Spirits which shall be so unshipped, unladed, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat in Great Britain

493

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited; and such Spirits mall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Bonds shall be discharged upon the Production of a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain to which such Spirits shall be so exported, testifying the due landing thereof; such Production of such Certificate to be made to the Collector or other Chief Officer of Excise of the Port from whence such Spirits were exported, within six Months from the Date of such Bond, testifying such landing of such Spirits; or such Bonds shall be discharged upon Proof that such Spirits were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Sea, or by Fire; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectivdy, or the major Part of them reflectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be mikle or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, there shall be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof, an Excise Duty of two Shillings and nine Pence.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland^ and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, within twenty T)ays next after the Arrival of the Ship or Vessel wherein any such Spirits shall be so imported, within the Port, in that Part of Great Britain called England, where such Spirits shall be intended to be landed, shall make due Entry with the Collector of Excise of the said Port of all such Spirits on board of such Ship or Vessel belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees; and shall then, or before, satisfy and pay the Import Duties of Excise by this Act imposed for'or in respect of such Spirits, and land the same; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or importers, Consignee or Consignees, shall neglect or lefufe to make such Entry, or to pay such Duties, or to land such Spirits within such twenty Days, all such Spirits shall be forfeited, together with the Casks and Packages containing the same, and mall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the said Commissioners of Excise in England shall cause all such Spirits to be publickly sold to the best Bidder, at such Places as they shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the Import Duties by this Act imposed for or in respetft of such Spirits, and the Overplus, if any, shall be applied to and for the Benefit of the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall seize the same; and in case the Money arising from such Sale of such Spirits shall not be sufficient to satisfy, or shall barely satisfy, the said Import Duties, then and in such Case the Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall seize such Spirits, shall be rewarded in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Excise shall think proper; such Reward not exceeding one Shilling^r Gallon, and to be in lieu of all other Allowances.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Entries so to be made of any Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, the Number of Casks or other Packages containing such Spirits with the particular Numbers and Marks of each of them, on board of each respective Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported, shall be inserted, on Pain, for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, to forfeit all such Spirits, with the Cask or other Package wherein the same shall be contained, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Spirits, whether raw or rectified, or compounded, made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ shall be removed or carried from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to that Part of Great Britain called England, by Land Carriage, nor shall any Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called England, be removed or carried from thence to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ by Land Carriage, nor any Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be imported or brought into that Part of Great Britain called England, nor any Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called England, be imported or brought into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat of any less Burden than seventy Tons, or in any Cask or Package which shall not contain one hundred Gallons of such Spirits at the least, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits as shall be so removed or carried, or imported or brought contrary to any or either of the Prohibitions aforesaid, together with the Casks or Packages containing such Spirits, and the Ships, Vessels, or Boats, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages employed in such Importation, Removal, or Carriage thereof; and such Spirits, Casks, Packages, Ships. Vessels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be imported or brought into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland) of a Strength exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, nor shall any Spirits made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be imported or brought into that Part of Great Britain called England, except as herein after provided, of a Strength exceeding that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, on Pain of Forfeiture of all such Spirits, together with the Casks and Packages containing the feme; and such Spirits, Casks, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, That if the Strength of any Spirits, manufactured and imported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England as aforesaid, shall be greater than that of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, and sech Excess shall not exceed three per

How Bonds art to be d.scharged#

z*. 9cJ. per Gallon to be paid for Spirits imported from Sc- tland into England*

Entry to be made of Splrira imported from Scotland, and Import Doty to be paid, and the Spirit* landed in twcjry Days,

©therwife to be. forfeited,

and to be pob-lickly fold; and the Orerplur, afier fmsfying the Dutier, to be given the Officer. The Commif-Bonen may reward the Cffi. cers, if there be no Overplus.

In Entriea of Spirits imported from Scotland, the Number of Cask*, dec. to be infemd, on Penalty of Forfeiture.

No Spirits to bt sent from Scotland to England, or from England to Scotland, by Land, or in Vessels of left than 70 Tons, or in a Cask containing less than loo Gallons, on Pt-ilty of Forfeiture, with the Vessels, &c»

If Spirits be ported into Scotland from England, of a Strength greater than 1 to 10 over Hydrometer Proof, they are forfeited, but not in the latter Case, if the Excess should not exceed 3 per

494

Centum otfr that Strength, ScC.

Spirits sent ty Water from England to Scotland, &c. to be acc rr.p nied vjtn a Permirt on Penalty of Forfeiture.

Spirits net Tab'e to Se a ire for a { nail D- fi icncy in the Gauge. Counterparts of Permits far exporting S o 1 r i - s from Scotland to be transmitted to the Commissioners of hxcise in England; and a Duplicate of the ( learance to be sent to the Port of Landing in England.

Mr. George Bishop, of Maid-stone, to pay i6s. 4d. for every q6 Gallons of Wash made from not more than 2 izlb. of Corn;

and for every I nib. of Corn a Credit to be allowed him of 8 C lions and 1.3d of Spirits of 1 in 6 under Hydrometer Proof.

Jf he fell Spirits strong-r than t in 6 under Hydrometer Proof, to be forfeited.

Undue Exeefj of his Stock to be forfeited.

12 Hours Notice of his making Wort to be given, on Penalty of 200 1.

A Still to be provided by Mr. Eifhnp to enable the Officers to ascertain the Strength of Wort, Scc.

C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

per Coition over air] above the said Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Spirits shall not be forfeited, but shall be charged with a further Duty proportioned to their said Surplus Strength.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Spirits, made or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be sent by Water from that Part of Great Britain called England to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any Spirits nude or manufactured in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sent by Water from thence to that Part of Great Britain called England, the same shall be accompanied with a Permit from the proper Officer of Excise, or, in Default thereof, such Spirits, with the Casks and Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and iruy be seized by any Odicer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, That no such Spirits shall be liable to Seizure for or on Account of any (mail Difference or Deficiency in the Gauge of such Spirits at the Time of their Arrival in Port, when the same shall be proved to ha\e been occasioned by Accident and without Fraud.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland shall, within the Space of one Alonth after the Time of granting any Permit for the Removal of any Bniish-rmdc Spirits from any Port or Place in Scotland to any Port or Place in England, tran(m;t the Counterpart of such Permit, or cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners of Excise in Erguir.I, in order that the said Commissioners in England may, and they are hereby directed and required tocaulefome proper Officer or Officers to examine and checque therewith the Permit by which such Spirits shall hate been removed as aforesaid; and also in order that a further Checque may be had upon the Removal of such Spirits, a Duplicate of such Clearance shall be forthwith transmitted to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, at the Port in England where such Spirits are intended to be landed, who are hereby authorised and required to compare the same with the Spirits on their Arrival.

LXIII. And whereas the Manufacture of Spirits, commonly called Mall/lone Geneva, established at Maidstone in the County of Kent, by George Bishop of that Place, which Manufacture is cllentially different from any other Manufacture of Spirits in Great Britain, as well with respect to the Quality of the Liquor as to the process by which it is made: And whereas the said Manufacture requires (o large a Proportion of Wash to produce a given Quantity of Spirits, as to render it impoUible to continue the said Manu- failure if the Rates of Duties prescribed by the said Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and continued by this Act, be collected on each Gallon of Wash be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be paid by the said George Bishop, for every ninety-six Gallons of Wash which he shall produce from a Weight of Matter other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve Pounds, the Sum of sixteen Shillings and Fourpence, being at the Rate of Two-pence and one-sixth Part of a Farthing ptr Gallon.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every one hundred and tweVe Pounds Weight of Malt or other Corn, before the same is separated from the Bran thereof, so used by thefiid George Bishop, he shall be allowed a Credit in the Books of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, of not more than eight Gallons and onc-third Part of a Gallon of Spirits, at the Strength of one in (lx under Hydrometer Proof.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said George Bishop shall notfeUor send out any Spirits whatsoever of a greater Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof; and if the said George Bishop shall (ell or send out any Spirits whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Spirits, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same, and the Horles, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, made use of in the Removal thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, if on casting up the Stock of thefiJ George Bishop, any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find the Quantity of Spit its contained in such Stock® exceed the Quantity for which the said George Bishop is intitled to Credit, at the Strength of one in fix undff Hydrometer Proof, after deducting and allowing for the Quantity of Spirits for wh:ch Permit shall have beea] granted to the said George Bishop, then, and in every such Case, the Excess found shall be forfeited, and flu and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before the said George Bishop M make use of any Malt or Corn for the Purpose of making any Wort or Wash, he shall give twelve Hosm] Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he shall then be, of his Intention to use tr| same, in order that the said Officer may attend to weigh such Malt or Corn; and if the said George shall neglect to give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of two huncx Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the Purpose of enabling1 prooer Officer or Officers of Excise to ascertain the Strength of the Wash on which such Duty as afore: shall have been charged, the said George Bishop shall provide, and from Time to Time keep, in his DnE-d House at Mai stone aforesaid, a small Still, with a Worm and Tub complete, of a Size sufficiem to d:ft: one Time twenty-four Gallons of Wash, and which Quantity of Wash such Officer or Officers is ark hereby impowered to take and distil for the Purpose aforesaid, when and as often as he or they shall think;*j and if twenty-four Gallons of such Wash so distilled shall be found to produce more than two Gail ore)

1: A.D. 17S8. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 495

one-eighth of a Gallon of Spirits, at the Strength of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, then the whole Quantity of Wash from which such twenty-four Gallons were taken shall be charged by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise with a Duty of one Shilling per Gallon, and which shall become payable immediately v 0Ji such Charge being made.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said George Bishop, during the Con- Mf. Btftap not tinuance of this Act, to carry on the Trade of distilling Geneva in any other Place or Places than those now

occupied by him for that Purpose at Maidjhne, or therein use any Stills, Backs, or other Utensils, of larger present work-, Dimensions than those now in use in the said Manufactory. house, tsc,

LXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed Duties to beim-as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Com- tier the Comrrif-missioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great fiooerict Excise. t Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Distillers, who jf more thin 19: shall make or distil, in that Part of Great Britain called England, any Spiiits for Home Consumption, shall, Gillomof Spi-. within the Year which shall end on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, extract »of the more than nineteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, for every *>,renVh°f'* hundred Gallons of Wash, within tho Time aforesaid, found in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, he, for

(he, or they shall forfeit the Sum of five Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits foextrafted above the Proportion Home Con- aforesaid. fja ptijo, be

fount extncting from 100 Gallons of Washf 51. per Gallon to be forfeited for the Excel;.

LXXII. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low I Tines and Spirits fr Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the k better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain: v Irnpffts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies, it was enacted, that within thirty Days after the Commencement of that Act, and afterwards once in every three Months at the least, the Officers of Excise should take an Account of the Stock of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw l:; h British Spirits, Compounds, and other British Spirits, of every Rectifier and Compounder of Spirits, whether a Maker of Spirits or not; and if on taking such Account, the Stock so taken, added to the Quantity: -; of Spirits for which Permits should have been granted to such Rectifier or Compounder since the Time of: r - taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, should be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found in v .? such Stock at the Time of taking such last preceding Account, added to the Quantity since legally made or i'A I-*'* received by Permit, with the Allowance of thirty-five Gallons on every one hundred Gallons so made or received, calling or computing such Stock at the Strength of one in eight under Hydrometer Proofi a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excels should be forfeited and lost, and mould and rrri? " might be seized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excise who should discover the same, from and out

rr of meb Stock; and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess should \ i ;:c' be discovered or found, should also forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds: And whereas, by the said last-G c:^Tientioned Act, reciting, that for the making unto the Reftifiers and Compounders of Spirits, as well for

tfhat they should lawfully make, as for what they should lawfully purchase and receive by Permit, a fair. Allowance for that increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which was necessary to render their Spirits ~" it for Consumption, there should be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons, not ex-7^, u u: ceding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and thirty-five Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British Ip-: -J pints, or Compounds, for every one hundred Gallons of British) raw Spirits, at the Strength of one to ten

" W Hydrometer Proof? which they should have received by Permit, or should have made according to the

: egulations and Directions of that Act; and to the Intent that Permits might not be granted for fending

u it a greater Quantity of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, or Compounds, from the Stock of any Rectifier or Reftifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of British Spirits, than that of one hundred and r n- x: irty-five Gallons for every one hundred Gallons which he, she, or they should lawfully make or receive by \ it was further enacted, That the proper Officers of Excise should keep an Account iji their Books all every the Distiller and Distillers, Maker and Makers, Rectifier and Reftifiers, and Compounder v V7 1 Compounders of British Spirits, as well of the Quantity of all British Spirits which he, she, or they should

ally make or receive by Permit, as of the Quantities of all British Spiiits for which any such Officer or r 3 £ Ecers should grant any^Permit; and when and so often as any Officer should be called upon or required e V-‘ - any such Distiller or Distillers, Alaker or Makers, Rectifier or Reftifiers, or Compounder or Com-

, 1 " V- tnders. to grant any Permit or Permits for the fending out of any British Brandy, rectified British Spirits,

01Vr British Spirits, British Compounds, or Spirits of Wine, exceeding the Quantity which he, she, or they. ;rJ: - J ht to have remaining in Stock, such Officer or Officers should immediately examine, or cause to be ex-^k ned, the Stock in Hand of such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers, Rectifier or Reftifiers, or Com-j, voder or Compounders, and whatever Excess should be found in Stock, such Excess should be forfeited and the ?c\jY and should and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: And whereas it is expedient to r r:c VjC al the said recited Clauses J be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Yhat the said recited V1 ‘1 e -t shall and the same are hereby repealed: And, for the making unto the Reftifiers and Compounders 0 a v:-:G. its a fair Allowance for that increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which is necessary to render 1) ic*r l for Consumption, there shall be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons,

#01 aiding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and forty-two Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British

jT Spirits

Chufri of *6 Go. j. c. 73. recited.

Sect, 39*

Stft. 3*

The ’’ectffd Cl^jifef of 26 Geo. 3. c. 73. to be repraled.

Rectifiers to h<ive an .-\Uow* ance* of 42 Oal-lotii io the ico.

496

ff'r Incrcife by IVaici, &c.

Gff.rrrs to rake Account of ih« Stock of Redifurs,

nd if any Ei* cefi in the Quantity be found, it may be seized, &c.

If Rectifier* fell Spirits of a greater Strength than 1 in 6 on* der Hydrometer Proof, they may be seized.

If any Part of the Allowance should appear not to hare been uled, it shall be taken from the Rectifier’i Credit*

This Act not to *ezonerate Rc&i-fieri f*oto Penalties incurred prior to iti Commencement.

t Geo. 3. C. 55.

and % Geo. c. 5. in Put reined.

C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

Spirits or Compounds, for every one hundred Gallons of raw British Spirits which they respectively shall have received from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers) of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or which they shall reflectively have made at the Strength last at- relV-id^ '

LXXIII. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within thirty Days next after the Commencement of this Act, and alter wards once in every three Munth9*at the lead:, the Officers of Excise shall take an Account of the Stock of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds ?nd other British Spirits, of* all and every Rectifier and Rectifiers, and Compounder and Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not); and if on taking any such Account the Stock so taken, added to the Quantity of Spirits for winch Permits shall have been granted to such Rectifier or Rectifiers or Compounder or Compounders, since the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock at the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock determined by the Officer or Officers of Excise, added to the Quantity since received by Permit from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers of British Spirits), at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or made by such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, at the Strength lait aforesaid, with the Allowance of forty-two Gallons on every one hundred Gallons so made or received, calling or computing such Stock at the Strength of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excel's shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, from and out of such Stock, and the Person or Persons in whole Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders*of Spirits, shall fell or send out any British Brandy, British reclined Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof; and if any such Rectifiers or Rectifier, or Compounders or Compounder, shall (ell or send out any British Brandy, British rectified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, all such British Brandy, British rectified Spiiits, British Compounds, or odier British Spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Casks and Vessels whatsoever containing the same respectively.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, on taking any such Account of the Stock of any such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, it shall appeaMhat such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, has or have not actually made use of the Whole of the said Allowance so by this Act granted, so much thereof as shall appear not to have been made use of, dc-dudting therefrom so much as will be sufficient to reduce the Stock then found on hand to the Strength of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, shall be cut off from his, her, or their Credit; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXVI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to exonerate any Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits whatsoever, from any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, to which such Rectifier or Rectifiers, Compounder or Compoundfers, if this Act had not been made, would have been liable, for or by reason of any Excess found in the Stock of such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, before the Commencement of this Act.

LXXVII. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-first year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties payable upon Chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain Inland Duties upon Cocoa Nuts in lieu thereof; for the better and more effectual securing the Revenue ef Excise y and of the Inland Duties under the Management of the Commijponers of Excise, and for preventing Frauds therein \ for the more jbunftual and ready Payment of the Allowances to be made to Brewers out of the additional Duties impoj'ed on Malt; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, with rejfpeft to the exempting of Candles from the additional Duty offive Pounds per Centum upon the Duties of Exctje imposed by the said Act, reciting, That by an Act passed in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for more effectually preventing the excessive Use of Spirituous Liquors fsr Home Consumption, by laying additional Duties upon Spirits mad/ in Great Britain, or imported into the Jame\ 4 and for better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of Bx\t\{h-made Spirits; and for securing the Payment of the Duties upon Spirituous Liquors; it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That, to prevent Distil- lers^who made Spirits for Exportation, from fraudulently removing Waft), LoW Wines, or Spirits, the Officers of Excise should, from Time to Time, make a Charge from the apparent Decrease of the Wash of any such Distiller or Distillers, except such Decrease did really and truly ariie from Accident; and that the Officers of Excise were prevented from making true Charges upon Decreases in the Wash of such Distillers, for Want of some certain Rule of ascertaining the true Proportion of Spirits that ought to be produced from a 4 certain Quantity of Wash; for the better enabling such Officers to make true Charges on the apparent Decreases of Wash discovered at the Still House or Still Houses of every Distiller or Distillers making Spirits for Exportation, it was enacted, That, from and after the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, every Distiller and Distillers who, at any Time between the first Day of October and the first Day of June in each Year, should make or distil Spirits for Exportation, should, for every fix Gallons of Wash, within the Time aforesaid, found in his Custody, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least one Gallon of Spirits; and that every Distiller and Distillers who, at any Time between the

A.D. 178*8. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 497

first Day of June and the first Day of October in each Year, should make or distil Spirits for Exportation,*

should, for every seven Gallons of Wash, within the Time Lit aforesaid, found in ins Custody, produce Co c the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least one Gallon of Spirits, such Spirits to be in each Case

of the Strength of one to six under Hydrometer Proof; and that in every Case where the Produce of the

Spirits extracted by any such Distiller or Distillers, within those respective Times, should fall short of the c Prut portions before mentioned, every such Distiller or Distillers should be, and Ire and they was and were thereby chargeable with and should pay Duty for every Gallon of such Wash which, within the respective Times aforesaid, should be missing, over and above the said fix Gallons, and seven Gallons respectively, at the same Rate as the Duty was chargeable and payable upon the Decrease of Wash discovered at the Still Houses of Distillers who distilled Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and the Officers of Excise are thereby required, in such cases, to make the preemptive Charges, as well for the Low Wines,

as also for the Spirits, upon every Gallon of Wash respectively so missing as aforesaid, in like Manner as c Distillers working for Horne Confirmation were then charged upon Decreases of Walh; which said Du- ties, on the said Low Wines and Spirits, so to be charged as aforesaid, should be paid by every such Distil- ler or Distillers, at the respective Times and in the same Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Duties charged on Distillers who distilled for Home Consumption were then made payable: And whereas it has been found by Experience that the Proportions of Spirits by the said Act prescribed are much lower than the apparent Decrease of such Wash would warrant, and it is

therefore expedient to provide the Proportions herein after mentioned in lieu thereof \ be it therefore enacted Ftom 5* by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty- s^iritifor61*' eight, all and every Distiller and D.Hillers, who, at any Time between the fifteenth Day of November inclu- Exooitaden* five, in any one Year and the fif eenth Day of May exclusive, in the next succeeding Year, shall make or Foreign Parts to distil Spirits for Exportation to foreign Parts, shall for every nine Gallons of Walh within the Time last produce 10 the aforesaid, found in his, her, or their Custody, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least Officer the wuta-t wo Gallons of Spirits; and that all and every Distiller and Distillers, who at any Time between ihe fifteenth Day of May inclusive, in any one Year and the fifteenth Day of November exclusive, in the same Year, shall s^iru from the make or dillil Spirits for such Exportation, shall, for every fix Gallons of Walh within the Time lait afore- within mention-/aid, found in his, her, or their Custody, produce to the Sight of the Officer or Officers of Excise at least one Quantum of Gallon of Spirits, such Spirits to be in each Case of the Strength of one to fix under Hydrometer Proof; and that in every Case where the Produce of the Spirits extracted by any such Distiller or Distillers within those respective Times shall fall short of the Proportions herein-before prescribed, every such Distiller and Distillers shall be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby chargeable with and shall pay Duty for ortop*f tt. every Gallon of such Wash which, within the respective Times aforesaid, shall be missing over and *

above the said nine Gallons and fix Gallons respectively, at and after the Rate of one Shilling and six Pence ® 0 Wi* per Gallon; and the Officer and Officers of Excise shall charge such Duty and Duties upon such Distiller and Distillers accordingly, and he, she, and they shall pay the same within one Week next after the same shall be charged or incurred.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Distiller or Maker, or Person«obffrutt» Distillers or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, or any Rectifier or Compounder, or Rectifiers or Compounders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Spirits, or any Workman or Servant belonging to him, her, or them, en*°°*' shall obstruct, assault, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise, in the due Execution of any of the several Powers and Authorities given or granted to such Officer or Officers, by this or ajiy other Act now in force, relating to Distillers, Rectifiers or Compounders of Spirits, or to Dealers in Spirits or Strong Waters, every such Distiller or Maker, Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer, shall (except in such Cases for which any other Penalty or Penalties are herein-before provided) forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties of Excise by an Duties imposed Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the *7 Geo. c* several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, 13 for

together with the other Duties composing the publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, for Home"

If^ares, and Merchandize^ the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into Consumption, to this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of be continued Annuities on Livest to the Reautlion of the National Debt, imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or JU, M»

Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for ext radii ng Spirits for Home Con- J, gl, fumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, and for or in respect of 7

Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor brewed'or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before-mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from MdafTcsor Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption.; and for or in respect of Wash brewed'or made as aforesaid from foreign refilled Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign Materials, except Melaties and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively continued from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty; nine; and the said Duties shall severally, and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective Makers and Distillers of such Wort, Wash, Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such Times and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the said Duties f

by the said Act imposed and hereby continued were severally and respectively payable, by Law, under or by a T virtue

498 C. 46. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

I. a ft mentioned Act, cicept where heitby altered, to be continued to July 17 <9. Limitation of Actions*

Gener.l Issue.

Treble Costs*

Hi'jv Finei are to be recovered Hid applied*

The Regulation#. Sec, relating to making Spirits for Exportation, &c. in force at patting of

t4 Oto. 3. C.

46, Self. 2 i

and the fe contained in a 6 Geo. 3. c. 73, tela’ing Co levying Ducier, Scc.

to be applied to toe Execution of mu Ad*

Powers of it Car. a. c 14, to extend lo thit Ad.

Outlet to be paid into the Exch*-lutr, and earned

virtue of the said Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the jiafl-ing of this Act*

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last mentioned Act, except such Parts thereof as are expressly altered, controlled, or repealed by this Act, shall, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and e ghty-eight, be revived and continued; and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full force and eftcS until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing by him, her, or them done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Months next after the Matter or Thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any "Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a VerdiS shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, 01 them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act created or imposed, shall be filed for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (not otherwise diteSed by this Act), shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or fuc for the same.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the making of Spirits for Exportation to foreign Parts, or carrying such Spirits Coastwise, or to the Duties upon Wort or Wash brewed or made for extraSing Spirits for Home Consumption, or relating to the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, in force at the Time of parting of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aid to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wine* and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and during the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending Britdh Spirits, as wellfor Home Consumption as for Exportation, and for de/tr eying all Home-made and Foreign Spirits after the Condemnation thereof; and for vjling in his Majesty the Duties of Excise within the Lands of FerintoOl in the County of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain hnpojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies; or "in or by the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and fccuring the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontin uing, for a limited Time, certain Impofls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies; are contained, provided, settled, or established, for making, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the Rates or Duties thereby imposed, or hereby continued, and fen- preventing, deteSing, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, and not being expressly altered, repealed, changed, or controlled by this Act, or not being repugnant to any of the Matters, Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations in this Act contained, shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and jhic in Execution throughout Great Britain, in and for the managing, aileffing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enfoiting, and securing the said several Duties by this Act imposed or continued; and for pi eventing, deteSing, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, 16 far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Method®, Rules, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this Act.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Captte, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than and in such Cases for which such Penalties or Provisions are made and provided by this Act), shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall, from Time 2 to

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46 - 48. 499

to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence and take ettest, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed pr provided, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and shall remain and continue in force, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained An respect whereof it is not hereby otherwise directed, for the Space of one Year, to be computed from that Day.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for allowing further Tiftie for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

to the Consolidated Fuad.

Act to commence, atto alt Matter* where no special Commencement is provided, from July 5, 1788, and continue ia force one Year*

Act 3 Geo. I. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &c. made since Sept. 29, 1717,(0 be good in Law, 44 if inrolled before Sept. 1, 1788. Not to extend to Deeds, &c. the Validity whereof has been brought in 4‘ question before Jan. 1, 1788. Purchasers made not to be avoided, on account of the Title-deeds not M having been inrolled, &c. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any Benefice, &c. in Trust for any Papist."

---

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers, and their Apprentices.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws now in being respecting Masters and Apprentices do not provide sufficient Regulations, so as to prevent various complicated Miseries, to which Boys employed in climbing and cleansing of Chimneys are liable, beyond any other Employment whatsoever, in which Boys of tender Years are engaged: And whereas the Misery of the said Boys might be much alleviated, if some legal Powers and Authorities were given for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with Consent of two Justices, may bind Boys chargeable, &c. Apprentices to Chimney Sweepers.]

That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, for the Time being, of the several and respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, by and with the Consent and Approbation of two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for any County, Riding, City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Division, within Great Britain (such Consent and Approbation to be signified by such Justices in Writing, under their Hands, according to the Form prescribed by the Indenture contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed), to bind or put out any Boy or Boys, who is, are, or shall be of the Age of eight Years or Upwards; and who is, are, or shall be chargeable, or whose Parents are or shall become chargeable to the Parish or Parishes, or Places, where they shall so be; or who shall beg for Alms; or by and with the Consent of the Parent or Parents of such Boy or Boys, to be Apprentice and Apprentices to any Person or Persons using or exercising the Trade, Business, or Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper, for so long Time, and until such Boy or Boys shall attain or come to the Age of sixteen Years; and such Binding out any such Apprentice and Apprentices, shall be as effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Boy or Boys was or were of full Age, and by Indenture had bound himself or themselves an Apprentice or Apprentices.

[The Age of the Apprentice to be inserted in the Indenture.]

II. And, to the End that the Time of the Continuance of the Service of such Apprentice or Apprentices may plainly and certainly appear; be it further enacted, That the Age of every such Boy or Boys, so to be bound Apprentice or Apprentices, shall be mentioned and inserted in such Indenture, being taken truly from the Copy of the Entry in the Register Book, wherein the Time of his or their being baptized is or shall be entered (where the same can or may be had); which Copy shall be given and attested by the Minister, Vicar, or Curate of such Parish or Parishes, or Places wherein such Boy or Boys Baptism shall be registered, without Fee or reward, and may be written upon Paper or Parchment, without any Stamp or Mark; and where no such Copy of such Boy or Boys being baptized can be had, such Justices of the Peace shall, as fully as they can, inform themselves of his or their Age or Ages, and from such Information shall insert the same in the said Indenture; and the Age of such Boy or Boys, so inserted and mentioned in the said Indenture (in Relation to the Continuance of his or their Service) shall be taken to be his or their true Age or Ages, without any further Proof thereof.

[Reference to the Form of the Indenture in the Schedule.]

III. And, to the End and Intent that there may be no Doubt or Uncertainty as to the Form of the Indenture, by which such Boy or Boys shall be bound Apprentice or Apprentices as aforesaid, and that the Stipulations and Agreements to be made and entered into by the said Master or Mistress may plainly and fully appear; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Indenture shall be made and written out according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and that the same shall not be charged with, or liable to, the Payment of any higher or other Stamp Duty, than is now charged upon Indentures for binding out poor Children by their respective Parishes or Places; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

500 C. 48. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

[Penalty on Persons taking Apprentices under the Age of 8 Years.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Indentures, Covenants, Promises, and Bargains, hereafter to be made, or taken, of or for the having, taking, employing, retaining, or keeping of any Boy or Boys, as or in the Nature of an Apprentice or Apprentices, or Servant or Servants, employed in the Capacity of a Climbing Boy or Chimney Sweeper, who shall be under the Age of eight Years as aforesaid, than is by this Act limited, ordained, and appointed, shall be absolutely void in the Law to all Intents and Purposes: And that every Person who shall from henceforth have, take, employ, retain, or keep, any such Boy or Boys, as or in the Nature of an Apprentice or Apprentices, or Servant employed in the Capacity of a Climbing Boy or Chimney Sweeper as aforesaid, who shall be under the Age of eight Years as aforesaid, contrary to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and being convicted thereof, as herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay for every such Apprentice or Servant, so by him or her had, taken, employed, retained, or kept, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds. nor less than five Pounds.

[Overseers of the Poor of any Township or Village may act as Churchwardens.]

V. And whereas, in many large Parishes within this Realm, there are several Townships or Villages, and Overseers of the Poor are chosen and appointed within and for each such Township or Village respectively; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Overseers of the Poor of every such Township or Village, shall and may from Time to Time, within every such Township or Village, do, perform, and execute, all and every the Acts, Powers, and Authorities hereby enacted or directed to be done, performed, or executed by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of a Parish or Place; any Thing herein, or in any other Law or Laws, contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[Justices to determine Complaints between Masters and Apprentices.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for one or more such Justice or Justices, and he or they shall have full Power and Authority, and is and are hereby authorised and empowered to inquire into and examine, hear, and determine, as well all Complaints of hard or ill Usage from the several and respective Masters or Mistresses, to whom such Apprentice and Apprentices shall be so bound as aforesaid, as also all Complaints of such Boys as already have, or who shall at any Time hereafter voluntarily put themselves Apprentices to such Trade, Business, or Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper as aforesaid; and in like Manner also to enquire into and examine, hear, and determine all Complaints of Masters or Mistresses against such Apprentice and Apprentices, and to make such Orders therein respectively, as he or they is or are now enabled by Law to do in other Cases between Masters and Apprentices.

[Not more than 6 Apprentices at the same Time.]

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons using or exercising the Trade, Business, or Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper, shall retain, keep, or employ any more than six Apprentices at one and the same Time; and that the Name of every Person so taking or receiving an Apprentice or Apprentices as aforesaid, and also the Place of his or her Abode, shall be marked or put upon a Brass Plate, to be set or affixed in the Front of a Leathern Cap, which every Master or Mistress shall provide for each such Apprentice, and which he shall wear when out upon his Duty; and that every Master or Mistress shall forfeit for every Apprentice so retained, kept, or employed by him or her beyond the Number limited by this Act, or for neglecting to provide each such Apprentice which such Leathern Cap, and Brass Plate to be so affixed thereupon, and marked with his or her Name and Place of Abode as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

[Penalty on the Master for Breach of any of the Covenants specified in the Indenture.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Master or Mistress shall misuse or evil treat his or her Apprentice, or that the said Apprentice shall have any just Cause to complain of the Forfeiture or Breach of any of the Covenants, Clauses, or Agreements, to be expressed and contained in such Indenture, made and written out according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, on the Part and Behalf of such Master or Mistress, then, and in such Case, such Master or Mistress, being convicted thereof in Manner herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

[That Boys shall not be let out to Hire, nor to call the Streets before a certain Time.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons using or exercising the Trade, Business, or Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper, shall let out to Hire, or lend by the Day or otherwise, to any other Person for the Purpose of sweeping Chimneys, any Boy or Boys that are already Apprentice or Apprentices, or that shall hereafter be bound Apprentice or Apprentices, under the Directions of this Act, nor shall cause such Boy or Boys to call the Streets before Seven of the Clock in the Morning, nor after Twelve of the Clock at Noon, between Michaelmas and Lady-Day; nor before Five of the Clock in the Morning, nor after Twelve of the Clock at Noon, between Lady-Day and Michaelmas; and that if any Master or Mistress shall, after the passing of this Act, offend in any of the Cases aforesaid, he or she shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, nor less than five Pounds.

[Convictions for Penalties and Forfeitures to be made before one or more Justices of the Peace.]

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Convictions for Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed for any Offence against the same, shall be made before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division, where such Offence was committed, either by Confession of the Offender, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for one or more such Justice or Justices, upon Complaint made to him or them thereof, to summon the Person or Persons so offending before him or them to answer to such Complaint, in such Manner as he or they is and are authorised to do in any other Matter cognizable before a Magistrate.

[Penalties how to be levied and applied.]

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed for any Offence, Neglect, or Default against the same, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48. 501

and ordered by the Authority of this Act, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or Person liable or ordered to pay the same respectively, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one or more such Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division, where such Offence, Neglect, or Default shall happen; and such Order for Payment of such Costs or Charges shall be made, rendering the Overplus of such Distress and Sale (if any) to the Party or Parties, after deducting the Charges of making the same; which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Conviction of the Offender, by Confession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or upon Order made as aforesaid; and the Penalties and Forfeitures, Costs and Charges, when so levied, shall be paid, the one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Master or Mistress of such Apprentice shall dwell and inhabit; and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures, or the said Costs or Charges, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the same respectively, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division, where the Offence shall be committed, or such Order as aforesaid shall be made, for any Time not exceeding three Months, unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture, Costs, or Charges, shall respectively be sooner paid.

[No Warrant of Distress to be issued until six Days after the Conviction.]

XII. Provided nevertheless, That no Warrant of Distress shall be issued for levying any Penalty or Forfeiture, Costs or Charges, until six Days after the Offender shall have been convicted, and an Order made and Served upon him or her for Payment thereof.

[Distress not unlawful for want of Form, &c.]

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover a full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Case.

[Plaintiff not to recover for any Irregularity, if Tender of sufficient Amends be made.]

XIV. Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to have been committed, any such Irregularity or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

[Justices to administer Oaths.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Oath is hereby required and directed to be taken, the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division, where the Offence shall be committed, shall administer, and he or they is and are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same.

[Persons aggrieved may appeal &c.]

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division, wherein the Cause of such Complaint shall arise, having first entered into a Recognizance, with sufficient Surety, before such Justices, to prosecute and abide by the Order or Orders that shall be made on such Appeal, and also giving, or causing to be given, to the Justice by whose Act or Acts such Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved, Notice in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, within six Days after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen.

[Publick Act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers.

THIS INDENTURE, made the ________ Day of ________ in the ________ Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and in the Year of our Lord ________ Between A.B. and C.D. Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of ________ in the County of ________ [or E.F. the Father or next Friend of the Boy to be placed out, as the Case may Be] of the one Part; and ________ of the Parish of ________ in the County of ________ Chimney Sweeper, of the other Part:

WITNESSETH, That the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor [or the said E.F. as the Case may Be], by and with the Consent and Approbation of G.H. and I.K. two of his Majesty's Justices of

502 C. 48, 49. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division [as the Case may be], signified as hereunder written, ________ put, bound, and by these Presents ________ put and bind a poor Boy of the said Parish, Township, or Place, being of the Age of ________ Years [as the Case may be], to be Apprentice to the said ________ he being his first, second, third, fourth, fifth, or sixth Apprentice [as the Case may be], to learn the Trade, Business, Art, and Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper, and with him (or her) to dwell, remain, and serve from the Day of the Date of these Presents, for and during the Term of ________ Years from hence next ensuing, fully to be complete and ended; during all which Time he the said ________ Apprentice, his said Master (or Mistress) faithfully shall serve and obey, his (or her) Secrets keep, and his (or her) lawful Commands every where gladly do and perform; he shall not haunt Alehouses or Gaming Houses, nor absent himself from the Service of his said Master (or Mistress) Day or Night, without his (or her) Leave, but in all Things as a faithful Apprentice shall behave himself towards his said Master (or Mistress) and all his (or her) during the said Term: And the said ________ in Consideration of the Good Will which he (or she) hath and beareth towards the said Apprentice, and of the faithful Service so to be performed by him, doth hereby covenant, promise, and agree with the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor [or the said E.F as the Case may be], that he (or she) the said ________ his (or her) said Apprentice, in the Art and Mystery of a Chimney Sweeper, which he (or she) now useth, shall and will teach and instruct, or cause to be taught and instructed, in the best Manner that he (or she) can, and shall and will provide and allow unto the said Apprentice, during all the said Term, competent and sufficient Meat, Drink, Washing, Lodging, Apparel, and all other Things necessary for the said Apprentice: And that the said ________ Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not nor will assign over this present Indenture, or the Apprentice to be bound thereby, without the Consent and Approbation, in Writing, of two or more such Justices of the Peace to be signified according to the Form of the Approbation hereunder written. And WHEREAS, from the Nature of the Business or Employment of a Chimney Sweeper, it is necessary for the Boys, employed in Climbing, to have a Dress particularly suited to that Purpose, which Dress is only fit for that Part of the Occupation; the said ________ doth hereby also covenant, promise, and agree to and with the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor [or the said E.F. as the Case may be], to find and allow such suitable Dress for the said Apprentice, as often as Need or Occasion shall be and require, and provide for, and deliver to the said Apprentice, once in every Year at least, during the Term aforesaid, over and above the said Dress proper for Climbing, one whole and compleat Suit of Clothing, with suitable Linen, Stockings, Hats, and Shoes: And FURTHER, that the said ________ shall and will, at least once in every Week, cause the said Apprentice to be thoroughly washed and cleansed from Soot and Dirt, and shall and will require the said Apprentice to attend the Publick Worship of God on the Sabbath Day, and permit and allow him to receive the Benefit of any other religious Instruction; and that the said Apprentice shall not wear his Sweeping Dress on that Day: And that the said ________ shall not nor will compel or oblige the said Apprentice to call the Streets, or any other Places, before Seven of the Clock in the Morning, nor after Twelve of the Clock at Noon, between Michaelmas and Lady-Day, nor before Five of the Clock in the Morning, nor after Twelve of the Clock at Noon, between Lady-Day and Michaelmas: And that the said ________ shall not, nor will at any Time during the said Term, let out his (or her) said Apprentice for Hire by the Day, Night, or otherwise, to any other Person or Persons exercising or using the said Trade, nor shall the said________ or any Person or Persons whomsoever by his (or her) Directions, require or force him the said Apprentice to climb or go up any Chimney which shall be actually on Fire, nor make use of any violent or improper Means to force him to climb or go up any such Chimney; but shall in all Things treat his (or her) said Apprentice with as much Humanity and Care as the nature of the Employment of a Chimney Sweeper will admit of. IN WITNESS, &c.

Form of Approbation by Justices.

WE, the above-named G.H. and I.K. two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, or Division [as the Case may be], having inspected and examined the above-named ________ [the Boy to be placed out or assigned over], do hereby consent to, and approve of his being bound [or assigned over] as an Apprentice to the above-named ________ [the Master or Mistress] according to the Terms and Stipulations expressed in the above-written Indenture.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS the Administration of Justice is frequently obstructed for want of Resident Justices of the Peace, and might be much furthered in case the Justices acting for two or more adjoining Counties are enabled to act for the same, if personally present in either of those in which they act 5’ for Remedy whereof, in future, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted $’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 49. 503

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Justiceimijr aft from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace, acting as such, for any two or more Counties, being adjoining Counties, to aS as a Justice or Justices of Ing u 1 0 the Peace in all Matters and Things whatsoever, concerning or in any wise relating to any or either of the said Counties, and that all Act and Acts of such Justice or Justices 0; the Peace, and the Act and Acts of any Constable or other Officer in Obedience thereto, shall be as valid, good, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Act or Acts of the said justice or Justices, had been done in the County or Counties to which such Act or Acts more particularly relate; and all Constables and other Officers of the said County or Counties to which such Act or Acts relate, are hereby authorised and required to obey the Warrants* Orders, Directions, Act and Acts of such Justice or Justices so granted, given and done, and to do and perform their several Offices and Duties, under the Pains and Penalties to which any Constable or other Officer may be liable for a Neglect of Duty: Provided always, That such If they reside i* Justice or Justices be personally resident in one of the said Counties at the Time of doing such Act or Acts: ®i!her> lh.e Provided also^ That the Warrants, Orders, or Directions, so to be given and granted, be directed and Timeoft0in* given in the nrft Instance to the Constable or other Officer of the County to which the same more particularly relate.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, Constable*,

it shall and may be lawful for any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, or other Peace Officer, or any 7 carrr °r-other Person or Persons apprehending or taking into Custody any Person or Persons offending against Law, fr^\h^9 and whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend and take into Custody by virtue of his or their Office /0ur t^eVounry, or Offices, or otherwise howsoever, to convey and take the Person or Persons so apprehended or taken into and resident U Custody as aforesaid, to any Justice or Justices of the Pe'ace acting for the said County, and resident in such the adjacent adjoining County as aforesaid; and the said Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other Peace County,*c. Officers, and all and every other Person or Persons, are hereby authorised, empowered, and required, in all such cases, so to act in all Things as if the said Justice or Justices of the Peace was or were resident within the said County to which they respectively belong; and all and every Person or Persons obstructing w hindering the said Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers, in the Execution of their respective Offices, in the said County or Counties adjoining as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby made liable to the same Pains and Penalties, for such Obstruction and Hindrance of the said Officers in the Execution of their respective Offices, as if the same had been committed in the County for which the said Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers were appointed to act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Sheriffs, Set.

it shall and may be lawful for any Sheriff, or other Person or Persons deputed by him, or acting under his may convey Of. Authority, Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, or other Peace Officer, or any other Person or Persons fender* through lawfully taking into, or having in his or their Custody respectively* any Person or Persons offending against Jit, to^he G»ol Law, and whom he or they may or might lawfully convey to Gaol, or any Place of safe Custody, to convey’ of the County or take the said Person or Persons so in Custody as aforesaid, into and through any Part or Parts of the said where the Of-County or Counties so adjoining, in their Way to such Gaol or Place of fare Custody within the County wherein such Offence was done or committed; and all and every Person or Persons escaping from such ®lUed* Custody as aforesaid, or aiding or assisting such Escape or Escapes, or refeuing such Person or Persons so in Custody as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties for such Escape or Escapes, and for such Aid and Assistance so given as aforesaid, and for such Rescue and Rescues, as if the said Escape or Escapes had happened, or such Aid and Assistance had been given, or such Rescue or Rescues made, in the County wherein such Offence was done or committed.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First (intituled, 9 Geo. 1. c. j.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor), Provision is f made for enabling Justices of the Peace, dwelling in any City or other Precinct, being a County of itself,

situate within a County at large, to act as such Justices for the County at large, at certain Places

within such City, Town, or other Precinct: And whereas such Provisions have been found beneficial to Justice* for the Public, but Doubts have arisen with respect to the Construction of the said Act in certain cases;’ Countie* at I i»te

for the removing whereof,' be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be ayh?a " lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace? acting for any County at large, to act as such at any Place £."ng\ *cLn'7 within any City, Town, or other Precinct, being a County of itself, and situate within, surrounded by, or of iifcif, situate adjoining to ariy such County at large: and that all and every such Act and Acts, Matters and Things, therein or ad done by such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County at large, within such City, Town, or other f«h

Precinct, shall be as valid and effectual in the Law, as if the same had been done within the said County Counly8

at large to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained hut are not to shall extend to give Power to the Justices of the Peace for any County at large, not being Justices for such City, Town, or other Precinct, or any Constable or other Officer aSing under them, to aS or fochCiT?, ir" intermeddle in any Matters or Things arising within any such City, Town, or Precinct, in any Manner they are not aif« whatsoever. j..oi«s f.tthe

fjme.

*8 Geo. III.

iU

504 C. 50 - 52. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend, and continue, fur a limited Time, an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade and Bufnufs of

[Preamble.]

27 Geo. 3*c. 37.

Recited Act continued for one Year.

A Clause in said Act recited j

[Publick Act.]

and repealed.

[Preamble.]

10 Geo. 3. C. 16.

11 Geo. 3. c. 41.

and 25 Geo. 3. c. 84, recited.

Pawnbrokers; which was to continue in force for one Year only, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be continued for a further Time, subject to a certain Amendment herein after fjx?cified :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act passed in the twenty-fevemh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers, shall be, and the same is hereby continued and declared to be, in force for one Year, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament, subject to the Amendment herein after mentioned.

II. And whereas it is enacted, in and by the said Act, That in case any Difference or Disput$

should arise between any Person or Persons pledging or redeeming, or offering to redeem, any Goods or Chattels, and the Pawnbroker, with whom the same should have been pledged, or alledged to have been pledged, respecting the Re- delivery thereof, or the Money to be paid to such Pawnbroker, every such Difference or Dispute, in case the original Sum lent was under forty Shillings, should be settled and determined by any Justice of the Peace acting for the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town,

Liberty, or Place, who was thereby authorised and required, upon Application being made to him foe that Purpose, by Examination on Oath or Affirmation, as the Case might require, of the Parties themselves, and such other credible Person or Persons as should appear before him, touching the Premises, to hear and determine the same; which Determination should be final and binding unto and upon all Persons: And whereas it would be beneficial to the Publick, if the said Clause was repealed f be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause above recited, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be, and the same hereby is declared to be repealed to all Intents and Purposes.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and other. Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LI.

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of two Acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation f tht Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London^ near Staines > in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade.

CAP. LII.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, certain Regulations were established, for a Time therein limited, for the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And whereas, by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," further Regulations were made therein: And whereas the Provisions of the said Acts were, by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued and made perpetual: And whereas, by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to limit the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed, and also for removing Difficulties which may arise fsr want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, the Provisions of the said Acts were extended, in the Manner therein mentioned, to Petitions complaining that no Return has been made to a 4 Writ, issued for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, within the Times limited in the said Act, or that such Return is not a Return of a Member or Members according to the Requisition of the Writ: And whereas it is expedient that further Regulations should be made for the Execution

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 505

of the said several Acts, and that Provision should be made for discouraging Persons from pre- footing frivolous or vexatious Petitions, or setting up frivolous or vexatious Defences, in any of the Cases to which the above-recited Acts relate, and that Provision should also be made for the final De- cifion of Questions respecting the Rights of voting at such Elections, or of nominating or appointing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers who are to preside thereat:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a film bled, and by the Authority of the same,

[No Petition ]

That no Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return, or of the Omission of a Return, or of the InfufEciency of complaining of & Return, shall be proceeded upon, in the Manner prescribed in the said above recited Acts, unless the same an und*j* Elcc-shall be subscribed by some Person or Persons claiming therein to have had a Right to vote at tiic E led ion J^b/proceed"d to which the same shall relate, or to have had a Right to be returned as duly elected thereat, or alledging upon, unie6 himself or themselves to have been a Candidate or Candidates at such Election: Provided always, That in subscribed u any Case where a Writ has been issued for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for any herein menti-District of Burghs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, any such Petition as aforesaid shall and may oned* be so proceeded upon, if the same shall be subscribed by any Person or Persons claiming therein to have had a Right to vote at the Election of any Delegate or Delegates, Commissioner or Commissioners for chusing a Burgess for such District.

II. And be it further enacted, That, if at any Time before the Day appointed for taking any such in the c«fe» Petition into Consideration, the Speaker of the House of Commons shall be informed, by a Certificate in herein specified, Writing, subscribed by two of the Members of the said House of the Death of the Sitting Member or §°eaUer* Sitting Members, or either of them, whose Election or Return is complained of in such Petition, or of the J 'he Rmintl Death of any Member or Members returned upon a double Return, whose Election or Return is coming Officer of plained of in such Petition, or thd a Writ of Summons has been issued, under the Great Seal of Great Britain the Place to, to summon any such Member or Members to Parliament as a Peer of Great Britain; or if the House whi.ch Uich of Commons shall have resolved, that the Seat of any such Member is by Law become vacant; or if the *,clKl3° *ci-tc»* said House shall be informed, by a Declaration in Writing, subscribed by such Member or Adembers, or either of them, as the Case shall be, and delivered in at the Table of the House, that it is not the Intention of such Member or Members to defend his or their Election or Return; in every such Case Notice thereof shall immediately be sent by the Speaker to the Sheriff, or other Returning Officer for the County,

Borough or Place to which such Petition shall relate, and such Sheriff or other Returning Officer shall cause a trae Copy of the same to be affixed on the Doors of the County Hall or Town Hall, or of the and a Copy Parish Church nearest to the Place where such Election has usually been held, and such Notice shall also thereof to be be inserted, by Order of the Speaker, in the next London Gazette; and the Order for taking such Petition on *hc

into Consideration shall, if necessary, be adjourned, so that at the lead thirty Days may intervene between the county°orrrown Day on which such Notice shall be inserted in the said Gazette and the Day on which such Petition shall Hall, or nearest 'be taken into Consideration. Church, and inserted in the Gazette* Order for taking such Petitions into Consideration may be adjourned.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, at any Time within thirty Days after the Day Within 30 Dayi on which such Notice shall have been inserted in the said Gazette, for any Person or Persons claiming to *ted0?nCthefo have had a Right to vote at such Election, or at the Election of Delegates or Commissioners for making c/mWany such Election, to petition the House, praying to be admitted as a Party or Parties, in the Room of such voter may p ti-Member or Members, or either of them; and such Person or Persons (ban thereupon be so admitted as action to be ad-Party or Parties, and shall be considered as such, to all Intents and Purposes whatever. mined Party

in the Com*

IV. And be it enacted, That whenever the Member or Members, whose Election or Return is so complained of in such Petition, shall have given such Notice as aforesaid of his or their Intention not to defend the same, he or they shall not be admitted to appear or ad as a Party or Parties against such Petition, in any subsequent Proceedings thereupon, any Tiling in the above recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and he or they mail also be rest rained from fitting in the House, or voting in any Question, until such Petition shall have been decided upon in the Manner prescribed by the above recited Acts and by this Act.

plaint.

Members giving Notice of their Intention not to defend their Election, not to be admitted *s. Parties agai.»ft any such Petition, dec.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Proceeding shall be had upon any Petition, by virtue of the No Proceedings above-recited Acts, or of this Act, unless the Person or Persons subscribing the same, or some one or more 10 be had upon o# them, shall, within fourteen Days after the same shall have been presented to the House, or within such ar,y further Time as shall be limited by the House, personally enter into a Recognizance to our Sovereign Lord sulftri^Tracntcr The King, according to the Form hereunto annexed, in the Sum of two hundred Pounds, with two suffi- into a Recogni-ciemt Sureties, in the Sum of one hundred Pounds each, to appear before the House at such Time or zjnce4o appear Times as shall be fixed by the House for taking such Petition into Consideration, and also to appear before before the House ady Select Committee which shall be appointed by the House for the Trial of the same, and to renew the atl^efrjm* same in every subsequent Session of Parliament, until a Select Committee shall have been appointed by the jtYmoCo»fider-Xdk>use for the Trial of the same, or until the same shall have been withdrawn by the Permission of the House; 5 and if, at the Expiration of the said fourteen Days, such Recognizance shall not have been so entered into, aD<j ;f ho Re-or shall not have been received by the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Speaker shall report the cognizance be same to the House, and the Order for taking such Petition into Consideration shall thereupon be discharged, duly cn’ered unless, upon Matter specially dated, and verified to the Satisfaction of the House, tho House shall fee °(r^r

cause to enlarge the Time for entering into such Recognizance; and whenever such Time shall be so ition°fnc0C

Confiiera.ion to

506 C. 52. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

be discharged, unless Cause (halt be fecn for enlarging the Time, 8cc. Recognizances to be entered into before the Speaker, and the Sufficiency of the Sureties to be »ilo*cd or by him, on ibe Rrpr.rt of the heron mcnioned.

Sureties living more than 40 Mile* from London may enter Recognizance before a Justice,

Affidavits made before a Master in Chancery, or a Justice, to be received as Evidence of the Sufficiency of Sureties.

No Petition to be withdrawn unless the Member’s Seat shall have been vacated.

enlarged, the Order for taking such Petition into Consideration shall, if necessary, be postponed, so th3t no such Petition shall be so taken into Consideration till after such Recognizance shall have been altered into and received by the Speaker: Provided always, That the Time for entering into such Recognizance shall not be enlarged more than once, nor for any Number of Days exceeding thirty.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Recognizances shall be entered into before the Speaker of the House of Commons, who is hereby authorised and empowered to take the same: and the Sufficiency of the Sureties named therein shall be judged of and allowed by the said Speaker, on the Report of two Performs appointed by him to examine the same, of which two Persons the Clerk, or Clerk Assistance of the House, shall always be one, and one of the following Officers, nqj being a Member of the said House, shall be the other; (that is to say,) Matters of the High Court of Chancery, Clerks in the Court of King’s Bench, Prothonotaries in the Court of Common Pleas, and Clerks in the Court of Exchequer; and the said Persons so. appointed are hereby authorised and required to examine the same, and to report their judgment thereupon; and are also hereby authorised to demand and receive such Fees, for such Examination and Report, as dull be* from Time to Time, fixed by any Resolution of the House of Commons.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Case where the Party or Parties, who are to enter into such Recognizance, or his or their Sureties, or either of them, shall reside at a greater

Distance from London than forty Miles, it shall and may be lawful for such Party or Parties, Surety or Sureties, respectively, to enter into such Recognizance before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to take the same; and such Recognizance, being duly certified under the Hand of such Justice, and being transmitted to the Speaker of the House of Commons, shall have the same Force and Effect as if the same had been entered into before the said Speaker: Provided also*That it shall and may be lawful for the Persons to whom it is referred by the Speaker to examine the Sufficiency of such Surety or Sureties, to receive as Evidence, in their said Examination, any Affidavits relating thereto, which shall be sworn before any Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and such Matter of the High Court of Chancery, or Justice of the Peace respectively, is hereby authorised to administer such Oath, and is authorised and required to certify such Affidavit under his Hand.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the House shall not permit any such Petition to be withdrawn, except so far as the same may relate to the Election Or Return of any Member or Members who shall, fine? the same shall have been presented, have vacated his or their neat by Death, or in any other Manner.

IX. And be it enacted, That if the Petitioner or Petitioner who shall have entered into such Recognizance as aforesaid, shall not appear before the House by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counsel or Agents, within one Hour after the Time fixed, in pursuance of the above-recited Acts, and of this Act, for calling in the respective Parties, their Counfet 0/ Agents, for the Purpose of proceeding to the Appointment of a Select Committee; or if the Select Committee, appointed in pursuance of the said Acts, and of this Act, for the Trial of such Petition, shall inform the House that such Person or

Appointment of Persons did not appear before the said Committee, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counsel or pSeieacom. Agents, to prosecute their laid Petition; or if such Person or Persons shall neglect to renew their said Petition within four Sitting Days after the Day of the Commencement of every Session of the same Parliament, subsequent to that in which such Petition was first presented, and until a Select Committee shall have been appointed for Trial of the same, or until the same shall have been withdrawn by the Permission of the House; in every such Case such Person or Persons shall be held to have made Default in his or their said Recognizance; and the Speaker of the House of Commons shall thereupon certify such Recognizance into the Court of Exchequer, and shall also certify that such Person or Persons have made Default therein, and such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence of such Default, and the Recognizance being so certified shall have the lame Effect as if the same were estreated from a Court of Law: Provided always, That such Recognizance and Certificate shall in every such Case be delivered by the Clerk or Clerk Assistance of the House of Commons, into the Hands of the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or of one of the Barons of the Exchequer, or of such Officer of the Court of Exchequer as shall be appointed by the said Court to receive the same.

X. And whereas, by several Provisions contained in the above-recited Acts made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, Sunday and Christmas-day are excepted from the general Regulations of the said Aftsbe it hereby enacted, That in every such Case, Geed Friday shall also be excepted therefrom, in the same Manner as if the same had been specially excepted in the said Acts.

XI. And be it also enacted, That if, on the Day immediately preceding any of the three following Days, that is to say, Christmas~day, Whitsunday, or Good Friday, after reading the Order of the Day hr taking any such Petition as aforesaid into Consideration, it shall be found that there are not one hundred Members present, or that the Number of forty-nine Members, not set aside or excused, cannot be completed, it shall and may be lawful for the House, if they shall think fit, any Thing in the above-recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding, to direct that the said Order shall be adjourned for any Number of Days, and the House shall then immediately be adjourned to the Hour and Day to which such Order shall be 16 adjourned.

Recognizances of Petitioners not appearing Wore the House at the Time fixed for proceeding to the

xmitee, dec. to be (ertified it to she Exchequer.

Recognizance and Certificate to be delivered by the Clerk Atiiftantintotht

Lvch-<iuer.

G od Friday to be excepted from the Regulations of the recited Acts.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 507

XII. And whereas it is enacted, by the said Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present 'On D*vs*p-

Majesty, that on the Day appointed for taking such Petition into Consideration, the House shall not pro- pointed for uk- ceed to any other Business whatsoever, except the swearing of Members, previous to the reading of the Or- |"*0 configer- der of the Day for that Purpose;* be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the House, pre- a"ion, Report* vious to reading such Order, to receive any Report from any Select Committee appointed in pursuance of from Sdea the above recited Acts, or of this Act, and to enter the same upon their Journals, and to give the necessary Commiti«et, Src*. Orders and Drreftions thereupon; and that previous to reading the said Order, the Clerk of the Crown m*Y.herece, Te* may be admitted to alter or amend any Return, in pursuance of an Order made on a preceding Day, or the Or-

on that Day; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for the House, previous to reading the said Order, der of ihc l>«y. to postpone the same, for the Purpose t>f attending his Majesty, or his Majesty's Commissioners, in the House of Lords, in consequence of any Message from his Majesty, or from his Majesty's Commissioners, signified to the House in the usual Manner.

XIII. And be it also enacted, That if, within one Hour after the Time fixed in pursuance of the above- jf petitioner* dv recited Acts, and of this act, for calling in the respective Parties, their Counsel or Agents, for the Pur- not appear wi»h-pose of proceeding to the Appointment of a Select Committee, the Petitioner or Petitioners, or some onfe in an Hourafut or more of them, who shall have signed any such Petition, shall not appear by himself or themselves, or Jhe Tira.e

by his or their Counsel or Agents, the Order for taking such Petition into Conuderation shall thereupon be sdracom.0* discharged, and such Petition shall not be any further proceeded upon in the Manner directed in the above- micV*e*,°the recited Acts, and in this Act. # Order for taking

such Petition* into Consideration to be discharged.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if, within one Hour after the Time so appointed as aforesaid, the Rfgulaiioni for Sitting Member or Sitting Members, or other Party or Parties opposing the Petition, shall not appear 7’r,a.1 ot

by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counsel or Agents, or if, at the Time so appointed as afore- tio^Vher/no

said, there shall be no Party before the House opposing the Petition, the House shall proceed to appoint party appear* t»

a Select Committee, to try the Merits of such Petition, in the following Manner; (that is to say,) That opposetbe®.

the Names of forty-nine Members shall be drawn, in the Manner prescribed in the above-recited Acts,

+but in reducing the List of such Names to thirteen, the Place of a Party opposing the Petition shall be supplied by the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, who shall, as often as it shall come to his Turn, as supplying the Place of the Party opposing the Petition, to strike out a Name, strike out that Name which then shall be first in the said List;

and in every Gale where the Party opposing the Petition

would be empowered, by the above-recited Acts, to nominate one Member to be added to the said thirteen*

the said thirteen shall, from among the Persons present in the House at the Time of drawing the Names of the Members, chuse one Person to supply the Place of the Member to have been so nominated, in the same Manner as is directed by the above-recited Act made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign,

in the Case where there are more than two Parties on distinct Interests.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the same Method of reducing the Lift of Members drawn ttx The aforegoing

thirteen, and of nominating a Member to be added to the thirteen remaining on the said Lift, shall be Jj2n°1heLi§ respectively followed, whenever any Party shall waive his Right of striking off Names from the said Lift, or ^Member*, of nominating a Member to be added to the said thirteen. &c.to be fol-

lowed when any Party shall waive his Right to do it

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person summoned to attend the said Select Committee wimeffc* not by the Warrant of the Speaker of the said House, or by Order of the said Committee, shall disobey such ending the Summons, or shall give false Evidence, or prevaricate, or otherwise misbehave in giving, or in refuling to ^ift^cCormiv;n give. Evidence before the said Committee, the said Committee shall have Power, by a Warrant to be faift^Evidence^" signed by the Chairman, and directed to the Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, or to &c. to t*conv-his Deputy or Deputies, to commit such Person (not being a Peer of the Realm or a Lord of Parliament) mined.

to the Custody of the said Serjeant, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours, if the House shall then be fitting, or if not, then for a Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours after the Hour to which the House shall then be adjourned.

XVII. And whereas it is enacted by the said Act made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

That if more than two Members of the said Select Committee shall, on any Account, be absent there- from, the said Select Committee shall adjourn in the Manner in the said Act directed, and so from Time to Time, until thirteen Members are assembled; and that no such Determination as in the said Act is mentioned (hah be made, nor any Question be proposed, unless thirteen Members shall be present; and that no Member shall have a Vote on such Determination, or any other Question or Resolution, who has nef attended during every Sitting of the said Select Committee: and that, in case the Number of Members able to attend the said Committee mall, by Death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than thirteen, and shall so continue for the Space of three Sitting Days, the said Committee shall be dissolved, and another chosen to try and determine the Matter of such Petition, in the Manner in the said Act before provided ;*

be it hereby enacted, That whenever any Committee shall have fat for Bgfmefs fourteen Days, not If Committee

including those Days on which they shall have adjourned on account of the Absence of any Member, nor shall have for for

Including Sunday^ Christmas-day, or Good Friday, it shall and may be lawful for them to proceed to

Business, if a Number of Members not less than twelve be present; and in such Case, the Committee bemnayproaei

shall not be dissolved by reason of the Absence of tfre Members, unless the Number of Members able to therein;

attend the same shall, by Death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than twelve, and shall so

continue for the Space of three Sitting Days; and whenever any Committee shall in like Manner have fat

for

5°8

and if 25 Disrs, 11 Member! may proceed.

Committee* in their Report! to mention whether Petition*. &c. appear to be frivolou* or vexation*.

Parties opposing Petitions reported vexatious or frivolous.

and Petitioners reported to have been vexatioudy or frivolously of-posed, to be entitled to Costs and Expences.

Where no Party appears in Opposition to any such Petition, the Coda and Expences to be paid by the Sitting Members, dec.

Hoyr such Costs and Expences are to be ascertained.

If Costs, &c. be

not paid on Demand, they may be recovered by Action af Debt, dec.

Judgment in such Actions to entitle the Party to Costs*

C. 52.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

for Business twenty-five Days, it shall and may be lawful for them to proceed to Business, if a Number of Members not less than eleven be present; and in such Case, the Committee shall not be dissolved by reason of the Absence of the Members, unless thp Number of Members able to attend the same shall, by Death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than elevfcn, and shall so continue for the Space of three Sitting Days.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Committee, at the same Time that they report to the House their final Determination on the Merits of the Petition which they were sworn to try, shall also report to the House whether such Petition did, or did not, appear to them to be frivolous or vexatious; and that they shall in like Manner report, with respect to evfery Party or Parties who shall have appeared before them in Opposition to such Petition, whether the Opposition of such Party or Parties respectively did, or did not, appear to them to be frivolous or vexatious; and that if no Party shall have appeared before them in Opposition to such Petition, they shall then report to the House whether such Election or Return, or such alledged Omission of a Return, or such alledged Insufficiency of a Return, as shall be complained of in such Petition* according as the Case shall be, did, or did not, appear to them to be vexatious or corrupt.

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any such Committee shall report to the House, with refined to any such Petition, that the same appeared to them to be frivolous or vexatious, the Party or Parties, if any, who shall have appeared before the Committee in Opposition to such Petition, shall be entitled to recover, from the Person or Persons, or any of them, who shall have signed such Petition, the full Costs and Expences which such Party or Parties shall have incurred in opposing the same; such Costs and Expences to be ascertained in the Manner herein after directed.

XX. And be it also enacted, That whenever any such Committee shall report to the House, with respect to the Opposition made to such Petition by any Party or Parties who shall have appeared before them, that such Opposition appeared to them to be frivolous or vexatious, the Person or Persons who shall have signed such Petition shall be entitled to recover from such Party or Parties, or any of them, with respect to whom such Report shall be made, the full Costs and Expences which such Petitioner or Petitioners shall respectively have incurred in prosecuting their said Petition; such Costs and Expences to be afeertairied in the Manner herein after directed.

XXI. And be it also enacted, That whenever, in any Case where no Party shall have appeared before such Committee in Opposition to such Petition, such Committee shall report to the House, with respect to the Election or Return, or to the alledged Omission of a Return, or to the alledged Insufficiency of a Return, complained of in any such Petition, that the same appeared to them to be vexatious or corrupt, ther Person or Persons who shall have signed such Petition, shall be entitled to recover from the Sitting Member or Sitting Members f if any) whose Election or Return shall be complained of in such Petition, such Sitting Member or Sitting Members not having given Notice as aforesaid of his or their Intention not to defend theiame, or from any other Person or Persons whom the House shall have admitted or directed to be made a Party or Parties to oppose such Petition, the full Costs and Expences which such Petitioner or Petitioners shall have incurred in prosecuting their said Petition; such Costs and Expences to be ascertained K the Manner herein after directed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in the several Cases herein-before mentioned, the Costs and Expences of prosecuting or opposing any such Petition shall be ascertained in Manner following; (that is to say,) That on Application made to the Speaker of the House of Commons, by any such Petitioner or Petitioners, or Party or Parties, as before mentioned, for ascertaining such Costs and Expences, he shall direct the same to be taxed by two Persons, of whom the Clerk or Clerk Assistance of the House shall always be one, and one of the following Officers, not being a Member of the House* shall be the other; (that is to say,) Matters in the High Court of Chancery, Clerks in the Court of King’S Bench, Prothonotaries in the Court of Common Pleas, and Clerks in the Court of Exchequer; and the Persons so authorised and directed to tax such Costs and Expences shall, and they are hereby required to examine the same, and to report the Amount thereof to the Speaker of the said House; who shall, on Application made to him, deliver to the Party or Parties a Certificate signed by himself, expressing^ the Amount of the Costs and Expences allowed ip such Report; and the Persons so appointed to tax such Costs, and report the Amount thereof, are hereby authorised to demand and receive, for such Taxation and Report, such Fees as shall be, from Time to Time, fixed by any Resolution of the House.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Party or Parties entitled to such Costs and Expences, or for his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, to demand the whole Amount thereof, so certified as above, from any one or more of the Persons respectively, who are herein-before made liable to the Payment thereof, in the several Cases herein-before mentioned; and, in case of Nonpayment thereof, to recover the same by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or them (in the Sum to which the Costs and Expences, ascertained in Manner aforesaid, shall amount) by virtue of this Act and the Certificate of the Speaker of the House of Commons, under his Signature, of the Amount of such Costs and Expences, together with an examined Copy of the Entries in the Journals of the House of 'Commons, of the Resolution or Resolutions of the said Select Committee or Committees, shall be deemed full and sufficient Evidence in support of such Action of Debt: *Provided always, That in every such Action of Debt, no Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed 5 and the Party or Parties in whose Favour Judgment shall be given in any such Action, shall recover his or their Costs.

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

5C9

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Amount of such Costs and Expences shall have been so recovered from any Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to recover in like Manner from the other Persons, or any of them, if such there shall be, who shall be liable to the Payment of the said Costs and Expences, a proportionable Share thereof, according to the Number of Persons so liable.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Select Committee, appointed to try the Merits of any such Petition as aforesaid, shall be of Opinion that the Merits of such Petition do wholly or in Part depend on any Question or Questions which shall be before them reflecting the Right of Election for the County, City, Borough, District of Burghs, or other Place to which such Petition shall relate, or respecting the Right of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers, who is or are to make Return of such Election, the said Committee, in such Case, shall require the Counsel or Agents for the several Parties, or if there shall be none such before them, shall then require the Parties themselves to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election, or of chusing, nominating, or appointing Returning Officers, for which they respectively contend; and the Committee shall come to distinct Resolutions on such Statements, and shall, at the same Time that they report to the House their final Determination on the Merits of such Petition, also report to the House such Statement or Statements, together with their Judgment with respect thereto: And such Report shall thereupon be entered in the Journals of the House, and Notice thereof shall be sent by the Speaker to the Sheriff, or other Returning Officer of the Place to which the same shall relate; and a true Copy of such Notice shall, by such Sheriff or other Returning Officer, be forthwith affixed to the Doors of the County Hall or Town Hail, or of the Parish Church nearest to the Place where such Election has usually been held; and such Notice shall also be inserted, by Order of the Speaker, in the next London Gazette.

Personrpaying Costs jT)»y recover a Proportion thereof from any other Personl liable thereto. When the Me* tits of Petition* depend on Ques-lions reflecting the Right of Election, &c. Statements of such Right to be delivered in Writing; and the Committee to report, with their Determination on the Me.* rita of the Petition, their Judgment on loch, Statements. Report to be entered in the jour-nals, and Notice thereof sent to the Returning Officer, &c.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, at any Time within twelve Calc-ndar Months after the Day on which such Report mail have been made to the House, or within fourteen Days after die Day of the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament after that ill which such Report shall have been made to the House, to petition the House to be admitted as a Party or Parties to oppose that Right of Election, or of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers, who is or are to make Return of such Eicftion, which shall have been deemed valid in the Judgment of such Committee.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if no such Petition shall be so presented within the Time above limited for presenting the same, the said Judgment of such Committee, on such Question or Questions, shall be held and taken to be final and conclusive in all subsequent Elections of Members of Parliament for that Place to which the same shall relate, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever any such Petition shall be so presented, a Day ancj Hour shall be appointed by the House for taking the lame into Consideration, so that the Space of forty Days at the least shall always intervene between the Day of presenting such Petition and the Day appointed by the House for taking the same into Consideration; and Notice of such Day and Hour shall be inserted, by Order of the Speaker, in the next London Gazette, and shall also be sent by him to the Sheriff or other Returning Officer for the Place to which such Petition shall relate; and a true Copy of such Notice shall, by the said Sheriff or other Returning Officer, be forthwith affixed to the Doors of the County Hall or Town Hall, or of the Parish Church nearest to the Place where such Election has usually been held.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Persons or Persons, at any Time before the Day so appointed for taking such Petition into Consideration, to petition the House to be admitted £S a Party or Parties to defend such Right of Election, or of chusing, nominating, or appointing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers; and such Person or Persons shall thereupon be so admitted, and shall be considered as such to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XXX. And be it enacted, That at the Hour appointed by the House for taking such Petition into Const-deration, the House shall proceed to appoint a Select Committee to try the Merits thereof, according to the Directions of the above recited Acts, and of this Act; and such Select Committee shall be sworn to try and determine the Merits of such Petition, so far as the same relate to any Question or Questions respecting the Right of Election for the Place to which the Petition shall relate, or respecting the Right of appointing, nominating, or chusing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers who are to make Return of such Election; and the Determination of such Committee on such Question or Questions, shall be entered on the Journals of the House, and shall be held and taken to be final and conclusive in all subsequent Elections of Membees of Parliament for that Place to which the same shall relate, and to all Intents and Purposes whatever, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas it is amongst other Things enacted, by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, 'That such Votes shall be deemed to be c legal which have been so declared by the last Determination in the House of Commons; which last Determination concerning any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, shall be final to all Intents and' Purposes whatever, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding be it enacted, That so much of the said Act

, as*

Persons may, within ia Month* after such Report, pe-ti'ion to be admitted to oppose the Right of Edition, &c. thereby elU-blished; but if no such Peri ion shall be presented, the Judgment of the Committee to be conclusive.

Forty Day* to intervene between the presenting and hearing such Petitions, &c.

Before the hearing such Petitions, any Person may petition to be admitted to defend such Right of Election, &c. Committee to be appointed to try the Merit* of such Petitions, whose Determination* shall be condo* five.

2 Geo. *. c. «4« in Part recited {

and the same repealed in as far a* it may relate

5*°

r© any Determination subsequent to passing this Act.

Rules &c. of recited Acts to be in force with respetl to Com nmtees appointed under this Act.

Regulations touching Rerog-nuances and Payment of Cofit not to »p-ply to Petitions relating solely to

Commirteei not to be dissolved by the Prorogation of Parliament.

[Preamble.]

9 A nose* c. *8.

<13. 52, 53. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

as is above recited shall be, and the same is hereby repealed, in so for only as the same relates, or might be construed to relate, to any such Determination to be made in the House of Commons subsequent to the passing of this Act.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all and every the Rules, Regulations, Authorities, and Powers, preferred or given by the above-recited Acts, or by this Act, to SeleS Committees for the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns, shall be in full Force and Effect with respect to Select Committees appointed by virtue of this Act for the Trial of such Question or Questions of Right as aforesaid, in as full ajid ample* Manner as if the same were herein repeated, and particularly and specially enacted, concerning such Select Committees: Provided always, That the several Rules and Regulations herein-before enacted, by which certain Persons are directed to enter into Recognizances, and by which certain Persons are made liable to the Payment of Cods, in the particular Manner and in the several Cases herein-before specified, shall not be construed to apply to the Case of any Petition preferred in pursuance of this Act, and relating solely to any Question or Questions respecting the Right of Election, or of chusing, nominating, or appointing, a Returning Officer or Returning Officers.

Questiont retyping Right of Election,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that Parliament shall be prorogued while any Select Committee shall be fitting for the Trial of any such Petition as aforesaid, and before they shall have reported to the House their Determination thereon, (itch Committee shall not be dissolved by such Prorogation; but shall be thereby adjourned to Twelve of the Clock on the Day immediately following that on which Parliament shall meet again for the Dispatch of Business (Sundays, Good Friday, and Christmas-day, always excepted), and all former Proceedings of the said Committee shall remain and continue to be of the same Force and Effect as if Parliament had not been so prorogued; and such Committee shall meet on the Day and Hour to which it shall be so adjourned, and shall thenceforward continue to fit from Day to Day, in the Manner provided in the above-recited Acts and in this Act, until they shall have reported to the House their Determination on the Merits of such Petition.

FORM of the RECOGNIZANCE referred to in this Act.

DE it remembered. That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

before me A.B. [Speaker of the House of Commons] or [one of his Majesty's Tufttees of the Peace for the County of # ] came C.D. £. F\

and J. G. and severally acknowledged themselves to owe to our Sovereign Lord the King the following Sums; that is to fey, the said C.D. the Sum of two hundred Pounds, and the said E. F. and the said J. G. the Sum of one hundred Pounds each, to be levied on their respective Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements, to the Use of our said Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, in case the said & D. shall fail in performing the Condition hereunto annexed.'

The Condition of this Recognizance is, that if the said C.D. shall duly appear before the House of Commons, at such Time or Times as shall be fixed by the said House for taking into Consideration the Petition signed by the said C.D. complaining of an undue Election or Return for the

of [Hero specify the County, City, Borough, or Disirift of Burghs] or,

complaining that no Return has been made for the feiaJ of [ J within the Time limited by Act of Parliament, or, that the Return made for the said [ ] of

W] is not a Return of a Member or Members according to the Requisition of the rit, and shall appear before any Select Committee which shall be appointed by the House of Commons for the Trial of the same, and shall renew his said Petition in every subsequent Session of this present Parliament, until a Select Committee shall have been appointed by the said House for the Trial of the feme, or until the same shall have been withdrawn by the Permission of the said House j then thi* Recognizance to be void, otherwise to be of full Force and Effect.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to indemnify ind save harmless all Persons who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Amt, intituled, An Act to dtjfolve the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade*, and also an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for Abe better Regulation of the Coal Trade y and for the better preventing of Combinations in the Trade of Coals.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne (intituled, An Act * disfohe the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, and Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals? in Prejudice of the Navigation* Trade, and Manufactures of

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.

this Kingdom 5 and for the further Encouragement of the Coal TradeJ, it is enacted, That if any Lighterman or Lightermen, Master or Masters of Ships, Crimp, Coal Factor, or other Person or Persons, buying or selling or dealing in Coals, or otherwise concerned in the Coal Trade, by him or themselves, his or their 4Agent or Servant, or any other Person or Persons, shall, at any Time or Times, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, receive or take, for the Use or Benefit of such Lighterman or Lightermen, Matter or Matters of Ships, Crimp, Coal Factor, or other Person or Persons, any Salary, Gratuity, Reward, Allowance, Sum or Sums of Money, from any Coal Owner, Fitter, Matter of Ships, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, for contracting, buying, vending, felling, or disposing of any particular Sorts of Coals in preference of any other Sorts of Coals, or for the Loading of any Ship or Vessel, or for the Dispatch, Delivery, or Disposal of the Coals from on Board of any Ship or Ships, or Vessels, before other Ship or Ships, or Vessels, or shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not, every Person offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds: And whereas, by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade J after reciting the above-recited Clause of the said Act of the ninth of Queen Anne, it is enacted, That every Person who, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, shall take or receive any Premium, Gratuity, Reward, Sum or sums of Money, or Allowance in Coals, or in Account, or otherwise, from any Coal Owner, Fitter, or Matter of a Ship, or any of their Agents or Servants, for contracting, buying, vending, or disposing of, any particular Sort of Coals, or shall otherwise offend, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the above-recited Clause of the said Act, shall, over and above the Penalty inflicted by the said Act for such Of- fence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and that every Coal Owner or Fitter, who shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, by himself or themselves, his or their Agent or Servant, give or agree to give to any Ship Matter, Lighterman, Crimp, or Buyer of Coals, or to any of their Agents or Servants, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for such Ship Matter, Lighterman, Crimp, or Buyer of Coals, any Premium, Salary, Gratuity, Reward, Sum or Sums of Money, or any Allowance in Coals, or in Account, or otherwise, for contracting, buying, vending, selling, or disposing of, any particular Sort of Coals, or for the Loading of any Ship or Vessel with such Coal Owners Coals, or for the Dispatch, Delivery, or Disposal of such Coals from such Coal Owners Collieries or Staiths; and every Person who shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not; every such Coal Owner, Fitter, or Person so offending, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds: And whereas, notwithstanding the said two recited Acts, for many Years past, it has been usual and customary for the Owners of Collieries in the Northern Parts of this Kingdom to charge a higher Price to Ships loading Coals for the London Market, than to those loading for the Out Ports; and, in consequence thereof to make certain Allowances to the London Coal Buyers, at stated Periods; which Allowances have constituted the principal Part of the reasonable Profits of the London Coal Buyers, yet great Numbers of Actions have been commenced against various Persons in the said Trade, as well Owners as Buyers, on the Ground that such Allowances are contrary to the two Clauses of the said Acts above recited: And whereas the Persons against whom the said Actions are brought, did not introduce the Practice complained of, but found it an existing Custom prevalent in the Trade when they embarked their Fortunes in it: And whereas the Actions so brought, should the In- former succeed in them, might be attended with the Ruin of many of the Persons against whom such Actions have been brought :* In order, therefore, to prevent so much Mischief, Litigation, and Expence, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, against whom any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information hath been brought, or which shall be brought, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster\ for any Penalty or Penalties incurred before the passing of this Act, by reason of the said recited Provisions of the said Acts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and third of King George the Second, or either of them, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred for or by reason of the said recited Provisions of the said Acts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and the third of King George the Second, or either of them; any Thing in the same Acts, or either of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, That ail Costs incurred in prosecuting and carrying on any such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be borne and discharged by the Person or Persons against whom any such Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, hath been brought: Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, for arty Penalty or Forfeiture incurrw by reason of the said Acts, or either of them; and that the Person or Persons against whom such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information hath been or shall be brought, may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon.

II. And whereas a certain Number of Coal Buyers have formed themselves into a Society, and held private Meetings at the Coal Exchange in the City of London, professing to make Regulations for the Purpose of carrying on the Trade in Coals, which Regulations may have a Tendency to prevent the said Trade from being free and open :* Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, any Number of Persons united in Covenants or Partnerships, or in any Way whatsoever, confiding of more than five Persons, for the purchasing of Coals for Sale, or for making Regulations with respect to the Manner of carrying on the said Trade, in Coals, shall be deemed Geo. III. 3X and

5"

3 Geo. t« «.

For indemnifying Persons against whom Actiona have been brought, they paying all Costs of the Informers.

Any Number of Persons exceeding five uniunf for the Purchase of Coals, 10 bo deemed aCoui* biiutioa.

---

512 C. 53, 54. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

and adjudged to be an unlawful Combination to advance the Price of Coals, and every Person concerned therein shall be liable to be punished by Indictment or Information for the same, in his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench at Westminster.

[Publick Act.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, to all Intents and Purposes; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded or set forth.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa; be it therefore enacted; and it is hereby enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From Aug. 1, 1788, no Vessel clearing out from Great Britain, to carry Slaves from Africa, in greater Numbers than herein mentioned.]

That it shall not be lawful for any Master, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to have on board, at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa, to any Parts beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons; and moreover, of one such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons, or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such Male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and (moreover) of three such Male Slaves (who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches) for every additional five Tons of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons;

[Vessels to be deemed of the Tonnage described in their Certificates of Registry.]

and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of an Act made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation):

[Master of Vessels to forfeit 30l. for every Slave exceeding the limited Number.]

And if any such Master, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such Master, or other Person as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for each and every such Slave exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same.

[If more than 2-5ths of the Slaves be Children, 5 of the Surplus to be deemed equal to 4 Slaves.]

II. Provided always, That if there shall be, in any such Ship or Vessel, any more than two fifths Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children (over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two fifths) shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

[Masters of Vessels, before they land any Slaves in the West Indies, to declare upon Oath, before the Officer of the Customs, the Burthen of the Vessel, &c.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any Island in the West Indies, belonging to, or under the Dominion of his Majesty, from the Coast of Africa, carrying or conveying any such Slaves as aforesaid, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall, before any of the said Slaves shall be unshipped or landed from such Ship or Vessel, repair to the nearest Custom House, and there declare, on Oath, before the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oath), the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, and shall at the same Time shew to such Officer the Certificate of the Registry thereof, and shall also deliver to the said Officer upon Oath (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oath) an exact and true Account of the greatest Number of such Slaves, and specify the Number of such Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Height of four Feet four Inches, who were or shall have been at any one Time in or on board such Ship or Vessel, before, when, or after such Ship or Vessel quitted or departed from the Coast of Africa for that Voyage;

[Masters landing Slaves contrary hereto to forfeit 500l.]

and if such Master, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall unship or land, or shall cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such Slaves, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Master, or other Person as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every such Offence; and one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall go to the Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same:

[Officers of the Customs to take an Account of the Slaves on board such Vessels.]

And it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby required to search, or to cause Search to be made in every Part of such Ship or Vessel, to fee and to take an Account of the Number of such Slaves on board such Ship or Vessel, and to specify in such Account the Number of Slaves not exceeding four Feet four Inches in Height:

[Where there is no Officer of the Customs, any Civil]

Provided always, That in case the said Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, shall be absent, or that there shall be no such Officer in any such Island where the said Ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in safe there shall be no such other Officer of the Revenue, then any Civil Officer in

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. 513

[Officer to receive the Oath of the Master.]

the said Island shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon Application as aforesaid, to administer the said Oath to such Master, or other Person taking or having the Charge of such Vessel, and to receive the said Declaration of the Burthen of such Ship as aforesaid.

[No Vessel to carry any Slaves, unless it be entered for that Purpose at clearing out, and unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Journal of the Number of the Slaves, &c, during the Voyage.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Master, or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, which shall be cleared out from any Port in Great Britain after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, to take or have on board such Ship or Vessel, or convey, carry, bring, or transport any Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Parts beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time of her so clearing out, have been entered for such Purpose at the Custom House of the Port from whence she cleared out; and unless the Surgeon of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel shall have given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall have left the same in the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall depart for such Voyage to the Coast of Africa, in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, with Condition, that such Surgeon shall keep a regular and true Journal containing an Account of the greatest Number of Slaves which shall have been, at any Time during such Voyage, on board such Ship or Vessel, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her Arrival at the Port of her Delivery, and of the Deaths of any such Slaves or Crew of the said Ship or Vessel, and of the Cause thereof, during the Voyage, from the first Departure of the said Ship or Vessel, to her Arrival on the Coast of Africa, during her Stay on the said Coast, and after her Departure from thence to the said Port of Delivery, or during such Time as such Surgeon shall have been on board such Ship;

[Journal to be delivered to the Officer at the first British Port of Arrival, Officer to deliver to the Master, and Surgeon, Copies of the Oath of the former, and the Journal of the latter, and to transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Customs. Masters or Surgeons acting contrary hereto, to forfeit 100l.]

and that the said Surgeon shall deliver such Journal to the Collector, or other Officer as aforesaid, at the first British Port where such Ship or Vessel shall Arrive after leaving the Coast of Africa, and shall make Oath to the Truth of such Journal, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, before such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oath; and such Collector, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall deliver to such Master or other Person as aforesaid, and to such Surgeon respectively, Copies of the Oath of such Master, or other Person as aforesaid, and also of the said Journal, which Copies shall severally be attested (as true Copies) by such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, under his Hand and Seal, and Duplicates of the said Copies, attested in like Manner, shall be transmitted by the said Collector, or other Chief Officer, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London; and if such Master or Surgeon shall act contrary hereto, such Master or Surgeon shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

[Act to extend to Ships which sailed before Aug. 1, 1788, if a Copy be delivered to the Commander before he has taken in more than the limited Number of Slaves.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Provisions contained in this Act shall extend and be in force, with respect to such British Ships as aforesaid, as shall have sailed before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, from any Port of Great Britain, and shall on the Coast of Africa take on board and convey any Slaves to any Parts beyond Sea, in all Cases where a printed Copy thereof shall be delivered to the Commander or principal Officer of any such Ship, before such Ship shall have taken in a greater Number of Slaves than in the Proportions herein-before limited.

[If at the Time of the Delivery of the Act, there shall be on board any Ship a Number of Slaves of any Description beyond the allowed Proportion, no more of that Description is to be received, nor of any other, so as to exceed in the whole the prescribed Proportions. Masters acting contrary hereto, to forfeit 30l. for every Slave.]

VI. Provided always, That if any such British Ship as aforesaid shall have on board a greater Number of the said Slaves, of any Description, than in such Proportions as aforesaid, at the Time the Copy of this Act is delivered to such Commander or principal Officer, or other Person having Charge of the same as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for such Commander or principal Officer as aforesaid, or any other Person having Charge of the same, to receive on board any more of the said Description of Slaves than shall have been on board at the Time of the said Copy of this Act being delivered, or of any other Description of Slaves, so as to exceed in the whole the Proportions herein-before prescribed, reckoning five Children who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height as equal to four grown Slaves as aforesaid; and if any such Master, or other Person as aforesaid, shall act contrary hereto, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Slave so taken on board; and one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who shall first sue for the same.

[Admiralty to appoint a proper Person to deliver Copies of the Act to the Commanders of Ships which sailed previous to Aug. 1, 1788, and to take an Account of the Slaves.]

VII. 'And, in order to the due Execution of this Act, with respect to such Ships as shall have Sailed previous to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight;' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to appoint a proper Person or Persons to deliver Copies thereof to the Commanders, or other principal Officers, who shall be on board such Ships or Vessels, which Person or Persons so appointed shall be, and he and they is and are hereby authorised to take an Account of the Number of the Slaves, their Sex, and such of them as shall exceed the Height of four Feet four Inches, on board such Ships as they shall find on the Coast of Africa, or the Seas adjacent thereto, at the Times they shall deliver the printed Copies of this Act on board the same, by mustering the said Slaves;

[A List of the Ships to which the Act has been delivered, &c, to be sent to the Collector of the Customs in the British West India Islands.]

and the said Person or Persons to be appointed as before provided shall, with as little Delay as possible, transmit to each of the Collectors of the Customs in the British Islands in the West Indies, a List of the Ships on board of which Copies of this Act shall have been delivered, as herein-before

514 C. 54. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

provided, and of the Names of the Commanders thereof, together with such Account so taken in each Vessel as aforesaid.

[Commanders &c. obstructing the Persons so appointed by the Admiralty, to forfeit 100l.]

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Officer, or other Person, on board of any such British Ship as aforesaid, shall obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons to be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, as herein-before provided, from examining and ascertaining the Number of Slaves in any such Ship or Vessel in Manner aforesaid, such Commander, or Officer, or other Person so obstructing or hindering as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

[Not to extend to Ships taking on board Slaves found Shipwrecked, &c.]

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage; the Proof of which shall lie upon the Master, or Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

[The upper and lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, to be allotted to the Slaves, and no Goods to be stowed therein after two Thirds of the Complement shall be on board.]

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Ship or Vessel the upper as well as lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Reception of the said Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two thirds of her Complement of Slaves on board, in the Proportions herein-before directed, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall ever be stowed or put in any such Cabin or Place in which any such Slaves shall be.

[If any Person take the Charge of a Vessel, who is not qualified as herein directed, he shall forfeit 50l. as also the Owner who shall hire him.]

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or to take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Master, or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall have already served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have Served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate, during three Voyages, in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Master, or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners, who shall hire or employ such Person, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

[No Insurance to be made against any Loss, except the Perils of the Sea, &c.]

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel to insure any Cargo of Slaves, or any Part thereof, on board the same, against any Loss or Damage, save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrection, or Capture by the King's Enemies, Barratry of the Master and Crew, and Destruction by Fire; and that all and every Policy of Insurance, hereafter made contrary to this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, to all, Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

[No Vessel to be cleared out, that has not a Surgeon to her, who has passed his Examination at Surgeons Hall.]

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall appear to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port, that there is one Surgeon at least engaged to proceed on board such Ship or Vessel; and unless such Surgeon shall have produced, to such Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs, a Certificate of his having passed his Examination at Surgeons Hall.

[If the Officer at the Port of Discharge of any Vessel, shall be satisfied that there have not died, during her Voyage, more than in the Proportion of two Slaves in the 100 of her Cargo, he is to give Certificates to the Master and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs, they are to order the Master 100l. and the Surgeon 50l.; and like Certificates to be given where the Mortality has not been greater than in the proportion of 3 in the 100; on the production of which, the master to be paid 50l. and the Surgeon 25l.]

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be discharged, that there shall not have died more than in the Proportion of two Slaves in the hundred, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in any of the Islands in the West Indies, belonging to, or under the Dominion of his Majesty, in such Case, the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to make out Certificates, specifying the Number of Slaves that appear to have been taken on board the said Ship or Vessel, and the Number that have died within the Period above-mentioned; one of which Certificates shall be delivered to the Master, and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel; and on Production of such Certificates, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to direct the Sum of one hundred Pounds to be paid to the Master, and the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, out of any Money that shall be in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs of England and Scotland respectively; or if it shall be made appear to the Collector, or other principal Officer as aforesaid, that there shall not have died more than in the Proportion of three Slaves in the hundred, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in any of the said West India Islands, in such Case the Collector, or other principal Officer as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to make out like Certificates, and to deliver one to the Master, and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel; and the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on Production of such Certificates,

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. 515

to direct the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Master, and the Sum of twenty-five Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel.

[Commissioners appointed to enquire into Losses sustained in consequence of this Act, by Persons who shall apply before Sept. 1, 1788.]

XV. 'And whereas Cases may occur in which it may be just and warrantable that Compensation should be made to Individuals who may Sustain Losses in consequence of this Act;' be it further enacted, That Brook Watson Esquire, Samuel Beachcroft Esquire, and William Roe Esquire, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of enquiring into any Losses which may be sustained, in consequence of this Act, by any Merchants or Owners of any Ships or Vessels engaged in the African Trade, who shall make Application to the said Commissioners before the first Day of September next ensuing;

[Persons so applying to lay before the Commissioners the Grounds of their Claims. Commissioners may examine upon Oath; are to determine the Amount of Losses, and report to Parliament what Compensation should be made the Claimants.]

and that all Persons making such Application shall, as soon as they are enabled so to do, lay before the said Commissioners full Statements of the Grounds of their respective Claims, specifying the Particulars of all the Expences, net Proceeds, Profits, or Losses attending the Voyage or Adventure, in respect of which such Application shall be made, together with all such Circumstances as shall appear to the said Commissioners necessary for their Information, in order to ascertain the Losses of the Persons so applying; and the said Commissioners shall have Power to examine upon Oath, touching the Matters of the said Claims, all Persons whom the said Commissioners shall think fit; and all Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint; and the said Commissioners, as soon as they shall have completed the Examination of the several Claims laid before them, shall determine the Amount of the Losses which bona fide have been sustained by any of the said Claimants in consequence of this Act, and which the said Claimants shall not have been able to avoid, and shall report, as soon as conveniently may be, to both Houses of Parliament, what Compensation shall appear to the said Commissioners to be reasonable to be made to such Claimants:

[Commissioners to take the following Oath.]

And the said Commissioners, before they proceed to take any Step in pursuance of this Act, shall take an Oath before the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of his Majesty's Justices of the Court of King's Bench, or Common Pleas, or one of the Barons of the Exchequer, which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer, in the Form following; that is to say,

[Oath.]

"I A.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several Powers and Trusts vested in me by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa."

[Treasury to order 2000l. to be issued for Payment of Clerks, &c.]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid all such Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, desire or direct, out of any Part of the Publick Monies remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer; which Sum so issued and paid shall be employed for the Payment of Clerks, Messengers, and other Officers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals in that Behalf; the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the Same shall be issued and paid according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and Payment of the same, or on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and which Money so issued shall not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate, or Assessment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament.

[His Majesty may appoint to Vacancies of Commissioners during the Recess of Parliament.]

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Resignation, of any one or more of the said Commissioners during the Recess of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be invested with all the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act.

[How Offences may be tried,]

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, may be tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer in any County in England wherein such Offence shall have been committed; or in case such Offence shall have been committed in Parts beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which such Offence shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex;

[and how Penalties may be sued for.]

and any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record in Great Britain;

[Double Costs.]

and in every such Action or Suit, the Party against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff or Defendant) shall pay Double Costs of Suit;

[Limitation of Actions.]

and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards; and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay.

[Persons committing, or suborning others to commit Perjury, to be liable to the Penalties inflicted by Law thereon.]

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person taking any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury.

516 C. 55. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

[Continuance of this Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force till the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and no longer, except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Act.

CAP. LV.

An Act for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith; and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory; or breaking or destroying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Frames for making of Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, are very valuable and expensive Machines, and generally the Property of the Hosier or Manufacturer, who lets the same to Hire to his Workmen or Framework Knitters; and it hath frequently happened that the Hosier, or Manufacturer, being the Owner or Employer of such Frame or Frames, and having so put and let the same out to Hire, and wanting, for the Accommodation of his Trade and Business, to take and remove such Frame or Frames from the Use and Possession of one Workman into the Hands and Custody of another, and having for such Purpose given the customary and usual Notice to the Workman in whose Hands or Custody such Frame was, so to deliver up the same, such Workman hath wilfully detained and withheld the same, and sometimes absolutely and unlawfully sold and disposed thereof, to the great Grievance, Inconvenience, and Loss of such Hosier or Manufacturer: And whereas it hath frequently happened, when Discontents have arisen amongst the Framework Knitters, that they and other disorderly Persons have assembled in a riotous and tumultuous Manner, and have destroyed or materially damaged great Numbers of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines thereto annexed or used therewith, and committed great Violences and Outrages upon many of his Majesty's good Subjects; wherefore it is necessary that more effectual Provision should be made against such unlawful Practices, and for preventing such Violences and Outrages for the future, and for bringing all Offenders in the Premises to more speedy and exemplary Justice: May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Framework Knitters hiring Frames, and refusing to return them on 14 Days Notice, to forfeit 20s.]

That if any Framework Knitter or Framework Knitters, who shall or may rent or take by the Hire, any Stocking Frame or Frames, either with or without any Machine or Engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be employed, of and from any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall at any Time, from and after the passing of this Act, refuse to yield up and re-deliver such Frame or Frames, with the Machine or Engine therewith let (if any such there shall be) to the Person or Persons of whom he or they shall or may so rent the same, having received from such Person or Persons fourteen Days previous Notice for such Purpose, then, and in every such Case, the Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath or (if the Owner or Employer thereof be of the People called Quakers) solemn Affirmation of the Owner or Employer of such Frame or Frames, or by the Oath or Affirmation of any other credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, or where the Person or Persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which Oath or Affirmation the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed;

[and if not immediately paid, and the Frames returned in six Days after Conviction, to be imprisoned not more than three Months nor less than one.]

and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be immediately paid, and the said Frame or Frames, with the Machine or Engine therewith kt (if any such there shall be) delivered up to the Owner or Owners thereof, within six Days next after such Conviction, the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had shall commit the Party c-r Parties so convicted to the Common Gaol or other publick Prison of such County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, and be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month.

[Persons so hiring Frames, and selling them, to be imprisoned, not less than three, nor more than twelve Months;]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person so renting or taking to Hire any Stocking Frame, with or without any such Machine or Engine as aforesaid, shall at any Time, from and after the passing of this Act, sell or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any such Stocking Frame, or the Machine or Engine therewith let (if any such there shall be) without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any Indictment to be found against him, shall suffer solitary Imprisonment in the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place wherein such Offence shall have been committed, without Bail or Mainprize, for a Space not less than three Calendar Months, nor exceeding twelve Calendar Months.

[and Persons purchasing them liable to the same Punishment.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and knowingly receive or purchase any such Stocking Frame, Machine, or Engine, so sold or unlawfully

A.D. 1788. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55 - 57. 517

disposed of as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted on any Indictment to be found against him or them, every such Offender or Offenders shall be subject to such and the like Punishment as by this Act is inflicted, or provided to be inflicted, on such Person so selling or unlawfully disposing of any such Stocking Frame, Machine, or Engine as aforesaid.

[Persons entering Shops, &c. with an Intent to destroy, or destroying any Framework-knitted Pieces, to be guilty of felony.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, enter by Force into any House, Shop, or Place, with an Intent to cut or destroy any Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings or other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or upon any Machine or Engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be used, or prepared for that Purpose; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, or other Articles or Goods being in the Frame, or upon the Machine or Engine as aforesaid, or prepared for that Purpose; or shall wilfully and maliciously break, destroy, or damage any Frame, Machine, Engine, Tool, Instrument, or Utensil, used in and for the working and making of any such Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, or other Articles or Goods in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, not having the Consent of the Owner so to do, or break or destroy any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frames, every Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty's Dominions beyond Seas, for any Space or Term of Years not exceeding fourteen Years nor less than seven Years.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects; and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purpose, in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

'WHEREAS it hath been found, by Experience, that great Mischiefs and Inconveniencies have arisen so Persons interested in Ships or Vessels, and also to Persons using Trade or Commerce, from the Effect of an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[25 Geo. c. 44.]

intituled, An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandises, or Effects: And whereas it is highly expedient that other and more convenient Provisions should be made for the regulating Insurances hereafter to be made on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects, than those which are contained and enacted in and by the said Act;' be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[repealed; and no Policy to be made on any Ship, &c. without inferring thereon the Name or Names, or the Firm of Dealing, of one or more of the Persons interested, &c.]

That the said Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to make or effect, or cause to be made or effected, any Policy or Policies of Assurance upon any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, or upon any Goods, Merchandizes, Effects, or other Property whatsoever, without first inserting, or causing to be inserted, in such Policy or Policies of Assurance, the Name or Names, or the usual Stile and Firm of Dealing of one or more of the Persons interested in such Assurance; or without, instead thereof, first inferring, or causing to be inserted in such Policy or Policies of Assurance, the Name or Names of the usual Stile and Firm of Dealing of the Consignor or Consignors, Consignee or Consignees of the Goods, Merchandizes, Effects, or, Property so to be insured; or the Name or Names, or the usual Stile and Firm of Dealing of the Person or Persons residing in Great Britain, who shall receive the Order for and effect such Policy or Policies of Assurance, or of the Person or Persons who shall give the Order or Direction to the Agent or Agents immediately employed to negociate or effect such Policy or Policies of Assurance.

[Policies made contrary to this Act to be void.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Policy and Policies of Assurance, made or underwrote contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches or other Carriages.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS great Mischiefs frequently arise, and bad Accidents happen, by reason of an improper Number of Persons being allowed to go as Passengers on the Roofs or Boxes of Coaches, Chaises, and other Carriages of the like Sort, travelling for Hire:* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, if the Driver of any Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Sort, going or travelling for Hire, shall permit or suffer more than six Persons, at one and the same Time, to ride or go upon the Roof, or more than two Persons, besides the Driver, on the Box of any such Coach, Chaise, or Carriage, going or travelling for Hire, every such Driver so offending, and being convicted of such Offence, either by his own Confession. the View of a Justice of the Peace, or by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place where such Offence shall be committed (which Oath every such Justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), every such Driver shall, for every Person fa riding or going as an Outside Passenger, over and above the Number of Persons herein-before mentioned

Only 6 Passengers to go upon the Roof, and 2, upon the fJox of any Stage Coach, &c. on the Penalties herein mentioned.

518 C. 57. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. A.D. 1788.

and allowed, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and in case the Driver (o offending shall also be the Owner of such Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, then the Sum of four Pounds; and in Default of Payment of the said Penalties respectively, the Person and Persons so offending shall be committed to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction, of the County, Riding, City, Town, Division, or Place where _such Offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprise, for the Space of one Month, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid.

If Driven-eta-

II. And be it further enacted, That if the Driver of any Coach, Chaise, or other such Carriage, going *ound» or travelling with a greater Number of Persons on the Top or Box thereof than is allowed by this Act, the OwBe^of*1* cannot be found or known, or being found or known shall not attend in pursuance of any Summons which the Carriage to may be served upon him, requiring his Appearance before a Justice of the Peace, upon a Complaint and be liable to the Information laid against him of any Offence committed against this Act, then, and in every such Case, Penalty. the Owner or Proprietor of such Coach, Chaise, or other such Carriage, shall be liable to the Penalty

hereby laid upon such Driver.

Peace Officer*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable or other Peace Officer negiedUngtoe*. shall refuse or neglect to execute any Warrant granted by any Justice of the Peace, pursuant to the Di-to"forfei^loa^or re(^ons of this Act, every such Person so offending, and being convicted thereof before one or more to be impriioaed Justice or Justices of the reace, either by his own Confection, or upon the Oath of one or more credible for a Month. Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer). shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; and in case the Person so convicted doth not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said Penalty, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to commit such Person to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, City. Town, Division, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding one Month, unlefe the said Penalty shall be sooner paid.

ApplUttion of

IV.f And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties by this Act imposed shall Penalties. g0 anj be paid one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Surveyor of the Highways of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be laid out and applied in the Amendment or Repair of the Public Roads or Highways within such Parish or Place respectively.

Form of Pro-

V. And be it further enacted, That the Forms of the Proceedings relative to the several Matters conceding frt forth tained in this Act, which are set forth and expressed in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used upon Occasions, with such Additions or Variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particidar

Occasiont.on Circumstances of the Case; and that no Objection shall be allowed to be made, or Advantage taken, on account of want of Form only, in any such Proceedings.

Public]* Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE referred to, containing the FORM of Proceeding*

mentioned in the foregoing Act.

SUMMONS for any Person or Persons to attend a Justice.

Middlesex.

To vf 5. of

WHEREAS Complaint and Information hath been made upon Oath, before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said [County, etcetera] by E. F. of

That, etcetera [Here Jiate the Nature and Circumstances of the Case, as far as it shall be necessary to Shew the Offence, and to bring it within the Authority of the Justice; and in doing that9 follow the Words of the Act as near as may] These are therefore to require you personally to appear before me

at in the said [County, etcetera J on the

Day of # next, at the Hour of in the

noon, to answer to the said Complaint and Information made by the said 2?. F. who is likewise directed to be then and there present to make good the same. Herein fail not.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of one thousand seven hundred

INFORMATION*.

Middlesex. BE it remembered, That on the Day of one thousand

XJ' seven hundred A\ B. of in the said County, infbrmcth

and maketh Oath before me one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, that of in the said County [Here describe the

Offence particularly, and follow the Words of the Act as near as may be] contrary to the Statute made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for rHere ivfert the Title of the Act] which hatn imposed a Forfeiture of for the said Offence.

Taken and worn the Day of before me,

C.D.

FORM

At ID* iyf8&»

C. 57 - 62#

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.

FORM of CONVICTION.

Middlesex.TgtL it remembered, That, on the Day of in the Year of

our Lord one thousand seven hundred at in the County of

aforesaid, A.B. came before me C.D. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, etcetera, and informed me, that £ F. of _ on the

Day of now last past, at in the said County, did [Here Jet forth

the Fa ft in the Manner described by the Act] whereupon the said £ F. after being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me on the Day of

at in the said County, and having heard the Charge contained

in the said Information, declared that he was not guilty of the said Offence; but the same being fully proved upon the Oath of G. II. a credible Witness, it manifestly appears to me the said Justice, that he the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged upon him in the said Information: It is therefore con-

iidered and adjudged by me the said Justice, that he the said E. F. be convicted, and I do hereby convict him of the Offence aforesaid; and I ao hereby declare and adjudge that he the said E. F. h^th forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money or Great Britain, for the Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as

the Law directs, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of one thousand seven hundred

This it to be inserted f ^fter Words,* u being duly summoned to answer to the said Charge," insert (did where the Party re- 1 not appear before me pursuant to the said Summons), or (did neglect and refuse to fuse* to appear upon the ] make any Defence against the said Charge, but the same being fully proved, etcetera), Summons. as before.

This is to be inserted f After the Words, u contained in the said Information," insert (acknowledged and when the Party accused 2 voluntarily confessed the same to be true, and it manifestly appears to me the said coafesses the Charge. I Justice, etcetera) as above*

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the £ud Harbour 5 and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas y and to borrow Money for these Purposes.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed on the River Tyne, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

CAP. LX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, chanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other publick Passages and Places within the Parish of Christ Church, in Middlesex; and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said Town, and supplying the same with Water; eund for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Road shall be repaired and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for pulling down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Peter le Poor, within the City of

London, and for widening the Street adjacent.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. vicesimo nono.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the eighteenth Day of May, Anno Domini

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France^ and

Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

« And from thence continued, by several Prorogations and Adjournments, to the third Day of February one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine: being the sixth Session of the sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain*’

CAP. I.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the iame relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

*c ix Geo. 3. Cap. 39. so far as relates to the Commerce between this Kingdom and the United States of €t America j and 24 Geo. 3. Cap. 49. to continue in force till April 5, 179Q. Articles from any Place border-M ing on the Baltic+ which may be exported from this Kingdom, if exported contrary to Law, and Goods imported from the United States of America% and not permitted by Law, and aUo Goods imported from u these States contrary to Law, to be forfeited. Forfeitures are to be recovered and applied as Forfeitures

are directed by the Laws relating to the Customs. Act to continue in force till April 5, 1790."

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion -9 and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty *s Marine Forces while on Shore.

CAP. IV.

An Act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of certain Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk-

CAP. V.

An Act for the Improvement of Manchester Square^ within the Parish of Saint Mary-U-hne% in the County of Middlesex.

CAP. VI.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year t)ne thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

LXXVIII. * AND whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the Debt controlled upon hk Civil- Lift Revenues \ and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future,

RrcraJ of «i Geo. 3. c.fi.

524 C. 6 - 14. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List?) the Office of Paymaster of the Pensions, amongst others, is suppressed, abolished, and taken away; and it is thereby also enacted, That no Pension whatsoever on the Civil Establishment shall thereafter be paid but at the Exchequer, and in the same Manner as those Pensions which were then paid and entered at the Exchequer, under the Head, Title, and Description of Pensions, and that those which were transferred thither by the said Act, shall be subject to no Taxes or Fees whatsoever, except the Taxes and I;ees tq which before the said Act they were subject: And whereas the Pensions which were before the passing of the said Act payable at the Offic^of theray-t master of the Pensions, and to the Servants of the late Queen Caroline, and the late Princds Dowager of Wales, were nearly one Half of the Amount of the Whole of the Pensions which'in pursuance of the said fion Lift ftaif b" Act are now Paya^e at Exchequer ;* ' be it enacted, That, from and after passing this Act, one Half of rated to the Amount of the Pension Lift shall be rated, charged, and assessed, and continue to be rated, charged. Land Tax, and afteflfed to the band* Tax; in the said Division-of the Palaces, of Whitehall and Saint James* and in no other Division, in each Year and the other Half of the Amount of the Pension Lift shall be rated, charged, and aiTefTed, and continue to be rated, charged, and assessed to the Land Tax, in the Division or Place where the Pensions payable at the Exchequer are rated, charged, and assessed, and in no other Division or Place, in each Year.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh; and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the said County,

CAP. VIII.

An Act for building a new Shire House for the County of Essex.

CAP. IX.

An Act to repeal two Acts made in the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain.

25 Geo. 3. Cap. 30. and 26 Geo. 3. Cap. 9. recited; and from April 5, 1789, repealed; except in Cases relating to recovering Arrears of Duties, or to Penalties incurred on or before that Day."

CAP. X.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

CAP. XI.

An Act to enable Mary Alfager, Margaret Alfager, and Judith A.Jager, to finish and complete a new Church or Chapel, in the Parish of Barthomley, in the County of Chester, and to endow the same; and to establish a Charity School within the said Parish; and vesting the Right of Presentation to the said Church or Chapel in them, and the future Lords and Ladies of the Manor of Alfager, within the said County.

CAP. XII.

An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and Publick Passages, within the Town of Whitby, in the County of York; for preventing Incroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen, and Porters there; and for making convenient Approaches to the Bridge over the River Efk, within the said Town.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to suspend, for a limited Time, the Execution of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An /til for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections; and for indemnifying the Persons required to carry the said Act into, Execution, from the Penalties they may have incurred in not executing all the Provisions of the said Act.

28 Geo. 3. Cap. 36. redted, and suspended until April 5,1790'. All persons indemnified who have omitted to do any Thing required by the recited Act. This Act not to prevent the passing during the present Session any Act to repeal or amend it or the recited Act."

CAP. XIV.

An Act for amending an Act of the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for rebuilding the Church f the Parish of Saint Mary Wanstede, alias Wanstead, in the County of Essex.

---

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 15-5-18. 525

CAP. XV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to enable his Majesty to authorise, in case of Necessity, the Importation of Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, into the Province of Quebec, and all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and the Islands within the said Gulf, and to the Coast of Labrador.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the-Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations *8 Geo. j. c. 6. c in North America, and in the Wtit-India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of veiled.

‘ America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Goods or Commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, by Sea, or Coastwil>, into the Province of Quebec,

or into the Countries or Islands within the Government thereof, or up the River Saint Lawrence, from the Sea, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel importing the same,

and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel: And whereas it may be expedient, for the better Supply of the Persons employed in the Fisheries carried on, as well within the said Province, as in all the Countries bordering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and on the Islands within the said Gulf,

and also on the Coast of Labrador, that certain Sorts of Provision should be imported into the same from the Territories belonging to the said United States, when the Necessities of such Persons shall so require Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of Th« King, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- 9rder in CVun* rity of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty in Council, by Order or Orders to be c!*»

issued and published, from Time to Time, to authorise, in case of Necessity, the bringing or importing of [J,ginr*

Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, as well into the said Province, as into all the Countries bor- &c. Bread, Hour! dering on the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, and into the Islands within the said Gulf, and also to the Coast of LiveS ock, and Labrador, for tire then ensuing Season only, from any of the Territories belonging to the said United States Indian Com,

©t America, for the Supply of the Persons employed in carrying on the said Fisheries: Provided always, provided they be That such Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, so authorised to be imported or brought, shall not be imported or brought, except in Conformity to such Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as shall be spe- o!)*, by Brink Cified in such Order or Orders, and except by British Subjects, and in British-built Ships owned by his Subj*a in Mr.jtfty*s Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together Brihfti Srio«; with the Ship or Vessel importing or bringing the same, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, °lh/r"\,c 10 be and Apparel.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodities, m*T

and all Ships or Vessels forfeited by this Act, shall and may be seized by the Commander or Commanders of Cor*ddrr< of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer, specially ships or w*r, authorised by him or them, or by any Othcer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and that every For- kc and reco-feiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in *crrd and *r-such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof respectively dflposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any For- th^Cuaums.1 feiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of the Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty's Dominions in North America, or the IVjl Indies, respectively, as the Case may happen to be,

CAP. XVII.

An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth; and for explaining and amending an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highway*, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for th* belter securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons quahjica to vote at County Elections: if Geo. 3. c. 3^ 4 And whereas the carrying of the said Act into Eftest would be attended with a great and continua Expence,

recuef.

526 C. 19 - 26. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

and be productive of many Hardships and Inconveniences to Freeholders and others, and the said Act would prove inadequate to answer the Purposes thereof May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his said Majesty's Reign, and every Matter, Clause, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and the same h and are hereby nd repc»leJ. repealed.

have omitted to Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all and every Person and Perfects

perform any who shall have omitted or neglected in any wise to execute, do, or perform any Thing directed to be done or

Thing squired required of them by the said recited Act, shall be, and are hereby respectively indemnifiedTor such their Dc-

Vy ihc recited fault or Defaults therein.

Act, indemnified*

[Publick Act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act; and shall be taken notice of as such by all Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and MuJUnSy by vesting the Properties thereof in the Designcrsy Printers, and Proprietorsffor a limited Time*

[Continued to July 1, 1794.]

CAP. XX.

An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for altering the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers and other Works for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in repair.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend and render effectual an Act of the thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South-east by the Hard Lands of Ifleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to sell certain Lanas within the said Limits, commonly called Inverted Lands 5 and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, and in the first, fifth, and seventh Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the County of York.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for rebuilding the Market House of the Town of Llanfyllin, in the County of Montgomery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and defraying the Expence thereof, by Sale of certain Waste Lands in the Townships of Glohwich and Bachau, in the said County.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to incorporate certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, by the Name and Style of The Northumberland Fishery Society; and to enable them, when incorporated, to mbfcribc a Capital Joint Stock for more effectually supporting, conducting, and increasing such r ifhery.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties On Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen \ and for regulating their Trade.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the twenty- fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

a5 Geo. 3. c. 78. intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty *<Uc4 4 Chapmen, and for regulating their Trade; And whereas it is expedient to repeal the Duties now charged

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 26. 527

upon and payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other Persons going from Town to Town,

or to other Men’s Houses, and to grant other Duties in lieu-thereof, and also to explain ami amend the aforesaid Act, with respect to the Regulations therein contained:’ Therefore, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament ailem-bkd, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the aforesaid Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, uni Petty Chapmen; and for regulating their Trade; so far as relates to the said Duties, and so far as is not re-enacted by this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act, made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, jor a further Provifnn of intereji for the Transport Debt for reducing of Ireland, shall, from and after the said first Day of August, be revived and put in force, and shall be executed in such and the like Manner as before the passing of the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same is not hereby altered or explained.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August, there shall be raised, answered, and paid, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,)

By every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and every other trading Person and Persons, going from Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horle, Horlts, or otherwise, in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, a Duty of four Pounds for each Year:

And by every Person so travelling with a Hoise, Ass, or Mule, or other Bead bearing or drawing Burthen, the Sum of four Pounds yearly, for each Beast he or she shall so travel with, over and above the said sint mentioned Duty of four Pounds.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August, it shall not be lawful for any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or any other trading Person or Persons going from Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse or Horses, either by opening a Room or Shop, and exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes by Retail, in any Town, Panlh, or Place (such Person not being a Householder there, or the same not being an usual Place of his or her Abode, or of his or her carrying on Business), or by any other Means or Device, to vend or sell, either by himself or herself, or by any Auctioneer (whether licensed or not], Broker, Appraiser, Agent, Servant, or other Person, on his or her Behalf, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, Candle, Lot, Parcel, or any other Mode of Sale at Au3ion, or whereby the belt or highest Bidder is, or shall be deemed to be the Purchaser; and that every Person and Persons so vending or selling, contrary to such Prohibition as last aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August* every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and other trading Person or Persons, so travelling as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of receiving his or her Licence as herein after mentioned, and without any Discount whatsoever, pay all Duties granted or made payable by or imposed upon him or her respectively, to the Commissioners for the Time being for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, or some Person or Persons in that Behalf authorised or deputed by them, or the major Part of them, in Writing under their Hands and Seals; and upon Payment thereof, and not otherwise, a Licence shall be granted to them, subscribed by the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any two of them, for him or her to travel and trad-, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the said Act made in the Reign of King William the Third, and according to the Duties which shall then be paid upon receiving such Licence.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Person or Persons shall receive, or be entitled to receive, any Licence to trade or travel as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall produce to the Commissioner or Commissioners, or their Deputy or Deputies, appointed for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, Petttt Chapmen, and other trading Persons as aforesaid, a Certificate, signed by some one Clergyman officiating within the Parish, Chapelry, or Place, wherein such Person so applying for such Licence has his usual Residence, and also by two reputable Inhabitants of the said Parish, Chapelry, or Place, attesting that the Person so applying is of good Chara3er and Reputation, and is a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Certificate so to be produced as aforesaid shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

*TOrE A\ B. the Minister, and C.D. and E. F. being two Householders residing at

in the Parish (Chapelry, or otherwise, as the Cap may be) of in the County of do hereby certify that G. Id. hath been known to us for the Space of

4‘ Years last past, and during all that Time hath usually resided in the said Parish (Chapelry, or otherwise,

" as

and fro m A tig-. I. 17^9, ic.'cl* ed, so far as relates to the Duties, and so fur as is not re-enacted by this Act.

9 & 10 Gul. 3. c. 17 revived from Aug. 1,

17S9, fj far as tint hereby alter* ed or explained.

From Aug, i, 1789, the following yearly Duties to be paid, viz.

Every Ha*kerj &c. 4l.j

and a like Duty for each Horie, See, lie en.ployt.

Every Hawker felling C'.o ids by A uction to lo.leit 50U

Duty to be paid on taking out a Licence*

Personi applying for Li entes to produce a Certificate of

ihMf cood Cha* lifter.

Form of such Certificate.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III.

528

C. 26.

A.D. 1789.

<4 4 < U

as the Case maybe} of and is a Person of good Character and Reputation, and if

a fit Person to be licensed to exercise the Trade of a Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman- Dated the Day of

u A.B. Minister.

U £' } Householders."

flawter* to

mark «»n their picks, tcc. L't-eertfed Hauler, &c. o.j Penalty of ioi.

tTnlirenfrd Persons so iraiking t'eir Packs, &c. lo forfeit ioi.

Hawkers feIPng finuf g'e^Gnodi, &c. 10 forfeit their Licences, fee.

Hawkers trading wi hou» such L crncc. or contrary thereto, or refuting to produce, or not having their Licence to produce, to foiteit xo‘.

Perfent forging Licences, or ira* ve*lif g with them, 1© forfeit led.

Person* lending Licences, or trading with Jent Liceicis, to forfeit 40l. each, and the Leader his Licence.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person to whom any such Licence as aforesaid shall be granted, under or by virtue of this Act, and who shall trade with, or under Colour of such Licence, shall cause to be written, painted, or printed, in large legible Roman Capitals,' upon the mod conspicuous Part of every Pack, Box, Bag, Trunk,-Case, Cart, or Waggon, or other Vessele or Conveyance, in which he or she shall carry his or her Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, and of every Room and Shop in which he or she shall so trade, and likewise upon every Hand Bill, or Advertisement, which he or she shall give out, distribute, or publish, the Words Licensed Hawker, together with the Number, Name, or other Mark or Marks of Distin&ion, so written or printed upon his or her Licence as aforesaid; and that every such Person, in any Respedi making Default herein, shall forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time, from and after the said first Day of August, any Person other than to whom such Licence shall have been so granted as aforesaid, shall write, paint, or print, or cause to be written, painted, or printed, or keep or continue written, painted, or printed, upon any Pack, Bag, Box, Trunk, Case, Cart, Waggon, or other Vessele or Conveyance, foi any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or in any Room or Shop in which he or (lie shall (ell, or expose to Sale, 01 keep for Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, the Words Licensed Hawker, or Licensed Pedlar, or any other Word or Words to that Effect* every Person offending herein dull forfeit, for each Offence, the Sutn of tep Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said first Day of Attgujl, be convicted or dealing in, or vending or selling any Kind of smuggled, contraband,;or prohibited Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or dealing in, vending or selling any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, fraudulently or dishonestly procured, either by themselves, or through the Medium of others with their Privity a»d Knowledge, every such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or trading Person, shall, from and after such Conviction, forfeit his or her Licence, and for ever thereafter be incapable of obtaining or holding any new Licence, or dealing, trafficking, or trading under the same* and that over and above all such Forfeitures and Incapacities, Pines and Penalties, to which he or (be is or shall be by Law subject and liable for such illicit and illegal trafficking and dealing.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Hawker, PcJlar, or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person so travelling as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said hr it Day of August, trade as aforesaid, without, or contrary to, or other wise than as shall be allowed by such Licence, such Person shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned; and that if any Person trading under and by virtue of ai y Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, upon Demand made by any Person or Persons authorised or appointed to demand any such Licence, by the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen for the Time being, or any two of them, under their Hands and Seals, and upon producing or ihe wing such Authority or Appointment to such 1 Person so trading as last aforesaid, or upon Demand made by any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Constable, or other Officer of the Peace of any County, Riding, Division, Town Corporate, Borough, ur Plaof*, where he or she shall so trade, or by any Officer of the Customs or Excite, shall refine to produce and shew his or her Licence (or so trading as aforesaid, or shall not have his or her Licence for so trading as aforesaid ready to produce and shew unto such Person authorised or appointed as last aforesaid, or unto such Ju^ice of the Peace, Mayor, Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, Officer of the Customs or Ex-cife, that then thi Person so refilling, or not having his or her Licence ready to produce and shew is aforesaid, shall forfeit ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned, and for Nonpayment thereof, shall fuller as a Common Vagrant, and be committed to the House of Correction.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit any Licence or Licences, by this Act directed eo be granted, or travel with, or produce or shew, any such forged or counterfeited Licence or Licences for any or the Purposes aforesaid, every such Pei foil Iliad, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recover;d and applied as herein after is directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall let out to hire or lend any Licence to him or her granted as aforesaid, or shall trade with, or under Colour of, any Licence granted unto any other Person whatsoever, or of any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the same is granted, the Person letting out to hire or lending any such Licence, and the Person so trading with, or under Colour of, any Licence granted to* any other Pei foil, or any Licence in which his or her own real Name shall not be inserted as the Name of the Person to whom the same is granted, shall each of them forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; and in case any Person shall be convicted, or have Judgement against him for lending his or her Licence to any other Person or Persons, contrary to this Acfc, such hisor her Licence shall be from thenceforth forfeited and void, and he or she shall be utterly incapable of fearing any Licence again granted to him or her to trade as aforesaid.

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 26. 529

cer.ce.orrtfufiflf to produce if, may be seized, and cani-d before a Mjgil-tralc, dec.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Per font trading Person or Persons whatsoever to seize and detain any such Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trad- without Li* ing Person as aforesaid, who shall be found trading without a Licence, contrary to this Act, or who, being found trading, shall refuse or neglect to produce to such Person or Persons a Licence according to this Act, after being required so to do, for a reasonable Time in order to give Notice to a Constable, Head-borough, Tithingman, or other Peace Officer or Officers, who are hereby required to carry such Persons so seized, unless they shall, in the mean Time, produce their respective Licences, before forne one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, which said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and strictly required to examine into the Fail or Fails charged, and upon due Proof, either by Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or \Vitnesses (which the said Justice is hereby impowered to administer) that the Person so brought before him had so traded as aforesaid, and no such Licence being produced by such Offender before the said Justice, to convict the Offender of trading without a Licence; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Sum of forty Pounds to be forthwith levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes of such Offender or Offenders, or of the Goods with which such Offender or Offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof, after Deduction of the reasonable Charges for taking the said Distress, and out of the said Sale to pay the said respective Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid; and in the mean Time to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the said Offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and the real<stable Charges of taking the said Distress, shall be levied by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the lame shall be otherwise paid or satished by such Offender.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, or other Officer or Officers of the Pe*xe, shall refuse or neglect, upon due Notice, or on his or their own V i< w, to be aiding and assisting in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, being thereunto required, each and every such Officer or Officers, being thereof convicted, upon his Confeilinn, or by the Oath of on* or more credmle Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or

'Place where the Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit, for each and every such Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as hereafter mentioned.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Hawker, Pedkr, Petty Chapman^ or any other trading Person or Persons, going from Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, travelling cither on Foot or with Horse or Kories, or opening a Room or Shop, and exposing to Sale any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandizes, by Retail, in any Town, Parish, or Place, such Person not being a House-holder there, or the same not being an usual Place of his or her Abode, or of his or her carrying on Business, shall vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, in any City or Market own in England, [Vales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Distance of two Miles from the Middle of the mod central Market Place of any such City or Market Town, by the most usual or common Roads; and in case any such Person or Persons shall vend, sell, or expose to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, in any City or Market Town in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Distance of two Miles from the Middle of the most central Market Place of any such City or Market Town, by the most central or common Road as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is mentioned.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con-fliued to extend, to hinder any Person or Persons from felling, or exposing to Sale, any Sorts of Goods or Merchandizes in any publick Mart, Market, or Fair, but that such Person may do therein as they lawfully might have done before the making of this Act; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, shall vend any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, in any such City, Town, or Place, contrary to any of the Provisions in this Act contained, such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, shall be subject and liable to the like Penalties as is by this Act inflidied on Hawkers, Fed-.

Jars, or Petty Chapmen, or other trading Persons travelling without Licence.

Pence Offirers neglectirf he;r Du*y o K rfciC I cl.

No Hawker to

exp fc any Oojds to Sile iff a City or Market Town, or within x Mile*,) thereof, 00 Penal:} of iol, )

except on Market or Fair Da)t.

Hawkers xend-ing Goods in any City, Sec, contrary to thin Alt, to be liable to the like Penalties a* unlicensed Hawkers.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August, it shalt be lawful for any Person or Persons who, on the first Day of May, was or were duly licensed to trade as Hawkers and Pedlars, to set up, occupy, use, or exercise any Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, used or occupied within this Realm, in any Plate where they shall be resident Inhabitants, although they shall not have been brought up in such Craft, Mystery, or Occupation seven Years as Apprentices, and also to set any Person on Work in such Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, although such Person shall not'have been Apprentice therein as aforesaid: any Penalty, Matter, or Thing contained in an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of <s£ueen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Huf handry, and Apprentices, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that if any such Person, or their Wives or Children, shall be prosecuted for using or exercising any such Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, in any City, Town, or Place, and shall make it appear that they had such Licence as aforesaid, they shall, upon the General Issue pleaded, be found not guilty, in any Action, Bill, Plaint, Information, or ludidlmont for

13 such

Hawkers who were licensed May i, may set

up aay Business where they are resident Inhabitants, though not brought up thereto, frc.

53®

No wholesale Dciler in British Good* to be deemrd a Hawker*

Act not to ei-t^nd to the i'er-<om herein described.

How Penalttef above act. are to be recovered and applied*

How Penalties

not exceeding sol. are to be recovered and applied, &c.

'No Person committed to Gaol to be detained «nore than three Months* Person* aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessioni,

Convtftion in the F< rro following to be fcood.

C. 26. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

such Cause exhibited against him; and in all Cases where Cods are allowed, such Persons so acquitted, shall be entitled to and shall receive Double Costs; and that no such Persons, their Wives or Children, during the Time they shall use and exercise such Craft, Mystery, or Occupation, in any Parish or Place, shall be removable therefrom to his, her, or their last legal Place of Settlement, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place; any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person being a wholesale Trader in EngSJb Bone Lace, in Woollen, Linen* Silk, Cotton, or mixed Goods, or any of the Goods, Wares, or Manufactures of Great Britain, and felling the same by wholesale, shall be deemed or taken to be a Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, within the Intent and Meaning of this or of any other Act relative to Hawkers, or of any or either of them; and that all and every such Serson or Persons, his, her, or their Children, Apprentices, Servants, or Agents, felling by wholesale only, shall go from House to House, and from Shop to Shop, to any of their Customers, who fell again by wholesale or retail, without being subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures contained in this or in any of the (kid Acts, touching Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen; any Thing in this or in any of the Lid Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit any Person or Persons from felling any printed Papers, licensed by Authority, or any Fish, Fruit, or Viduals; nor to hinder the real Worker or Workers, or Maker or Makers, of any Goods, Wares, or Manufactures of Great Britain, or his, her, or their Children, Apprentices, or known Agents or Servants, usually residing with such real Workers or Makers only, from carrying abroad or exposing to Sale, and selling by retail, or otherwise, any of the said Goods, Wares, or Manufactures, of his, her, or their own making, in any Mart, Market, or Fair, and in every City, Borough, Town Corporate, and Market Town; nor any Tinkers, Coopers, Glaziers, Plumbers, Harness Menders, or other Persons usually trading in mending Kettles, Tubs, Household Goods, or Harness whatsoever, from going about and carrying with him or them proper Materials for mending the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, of a greater Sum than twenty Pounds, shall be recovered, together with Costs of Suit, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other 'Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the pecuniary Penalty by this Act imposed, doth not exceed the Sum of twenty Pounds, it shall be recoverable before one or his Majesty's Justices of jthe Peace of the County, Riding, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein me Offence shall be committed, on Proof of the Offence either by voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties ac« cufed, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and one Moiety of every such last mentioned Penalty shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the In* former or Informers prosecuting for the same; and in case of Non-payment, the said Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, shall cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deduding the Penalty and the Expence of the Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and shall also commit the Offender to the Prison of such County, Shire, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, there to remain until the said Penalties, and the reasonable Charges of taking the Lid Distress, shall be levied by such Distress and Sale as aforesaid, or until the same sha)I be paid or satished by such Offender; and it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, by his Warrant to cause such Offender to be apprehended and brought before him to answer to any Charge or Complaint for any such Penalty, and to commit such Offender to Prison as aforesaid, until the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint, unless he or she shall and do fenter into a Recognizance before such Justice, with two sufficient Sureties, in a sufficient Sum to be ordered by such Justice, to appear at the Hearing of such Charge or Complaint.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person committed to any Gaol or House of Correction, for any Offence committed against this Act, shall be deta'uied in such Gaol or House of Correction for any longer Space of Time than three Months*

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he, she, or they, shull or may, upon entering into a Recognizance with two sufficient Sureties, to be approved by such justice, to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with a Sum which in the Judgment of such Justice shall be adequate to the Amount of the Costs which may be awarded, conditioned to pay the Amount of such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Costs as shall be adjudged, in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby ira-powered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, or, at their Discretion, to state the Fads specially for the Determination of his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench thereon; and in case the Judgment of such Justice shall be affirmed, k shall be lawful (or such Justices, or the Court of King’s Bench, to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Conviction in the Form or to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the Case shall happen to be, shall be good and etfldiua1 to all

A.D. 178g. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 26. 531

Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without dating the Evidence, and without alledging more than the Substance of the Offence, in all Cales wherein any Justice of the Peace hath Power to convict by virtue of the present;

"BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of our Lord

at in the County of vf. B. came

before me, C.D. Esquire, one of his Majesty's JtsAfC-rr of the Peace for the said County, ref.ding near the Place where the Offence herein after mentioned was committed, and infer* me that E. t\ of

in the said County of [Here Jet forth the Fast for which the Information is Inn!j i

whereupon the said E. F. being duly summoned to answer the said Charge, appeared before me, and having heard the Charge contained in the said Information, acknowledged and voluntarily confessed the Facts therein stated to be true, but in his {or her) Defence alledged f here Jetting forth the Substance of tb* 4< Defence]; or voluntarily contested the said Charge to be true, or did net make any Defence against the said Charge, whereupon the same was fully proved on the Oath of G. H, a credible Witness; or said that he {or she) was not guilty of the said Offence, whereupon the same was fully proved on the Oath of G. H. a credible Witness [or ns the Case shall &?], or did not appear before me pursuant to the said Summons, but the said Charge was fully proved on the Oath of G, //. a credible Witness [or ns the Case shall be] \ and therefore it manifestly appearing to me that the said E. F. is guilty of the Offence charged in the said Information, I do hereby convict him (or her) of the said Offence, and do adjudge that he (or she) hath forfeited the Sum of (or his (or her) Licence, and the Sum

41 of,) of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the Law directs:, according to the Form of the Statute in such Case made and provided. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of

Form of Con-vidio.i.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Conviction upon this Act shall be ^0bCor"^fv!^ removed or removeable, by Writ of Certiorari or otherwise, into his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or into\nyo°h'r any other Court, save upon an Appeal, as by this Act is directed. Court, raveup n

v Appeal as directed by this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Justice, before whom any Justices* ho Person hath already been convicted of any Offence, under or by virtue of any of the Acts hereby repealed, 0*5re^citedhi« and having received for his Majesty's Use any Part or Share of any Penalty levied, inflicted, or paid, under 0p penalties* or by virtue of such Conviction, for which he has not already accounted, shall, within six Months^fter the e°* passing of this Act, transmit to the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, a Schedule or Schedules, containing the Names of the Persons so convicted, the Day on which they were convicted, their respective Offences, and the respective Sums now remaining in the Hands of such Justice for his Majesty's Use, which were levied or paid under or by virtue of such Convictions, arranged according to the several Counties, Ridings, or Places within which such Convictions hath been made; and that every Justice, before whom any such Person shall be convicted of any Offence under or by virtue of this Act, shall take and receive his Majesty's Share of the Penalty levied or paid under or by virtue of such Conviction; and that every such Justice, his Executors or Administrators, shall pay, or cause to be paid, all such Sums of Money as shall be remaining in his or their Hands at the Time of the passing of this Act, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace after the passing of this Act, and all such Sums which he shall so take or receive upon any Conviction under or by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, after he shall have so taken or received the same, into the Hands of the Clerk o? the Peace, or other such like Officer, for the County, Riding, or Place within which such Conviction shall have been made, who is hereby directed to remit the same forthwith, without Fee or Reward, to the said Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, or to such Person or Persons as the greater Part of them shall appoint; and that every such Justice, his Executors or Administrators, shall immediately on such Payment made to any Clerk of the Peace, or other such Officer, transmit a like Schedule to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they, or the greater Part of them, shall appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities,

Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which in and by the said Act, made in the Reign of King William the Third, or by any other Law now in force relating to or concerning the Duties by that Act granted, are provided, settled, or established, (other than so far as the same is, are, or shall be inconsistent with, or contradictory or repugnant to any Thing in this Act contained, and other than in such Cases for which different Provisions are prescribed by this Act,) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying the several Duties hereby granted, and be in force, with Respect to the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, or to the herein-before mentioned Act, made in the Reign of King William the Third, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or

zg Geo. III. 4 A Justices

under the repealed Ad», to transmit an Account thereof within six Months after passing this Act. Justices to receive his Majesty's Share of Penalties under this Act. Justices to paj Money received by them to the Cleric of the Peace, who is to remit it to the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Sec,

Powers of 9 & 10Gul. 3.C. 27. Sec. to be its toice, except hereby altered.

Witnesses refusing to attend, &c. to forfeit 101.

532

Diries to be

paid io the la [hi; r of the Jj.i’ie-, on iiuwkMS, fee.

general Issue.

[Treble Costs.]

C. 26 - 34. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Justices of the Peace, or appeal ing, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, and give Evidence before such Suffice or Justicts of the Peace, before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit, for every such Otfince, the Sunt of ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied, and paid> hi such Manner, and by such Means, as are herein directed as to the other Penalties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That me ttveral Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Cornier, for the Time being, of the Duties on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Pcitv Chnpg/iC,if tvho shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several

211 i i>ui.»cs, ann pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same being deduced) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Thine, and in such Manner, as the Duties now charged on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the A miner of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon ary Account whatsoever; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be a Fund for the Payment of the several Annuities, and all other Charges and Expences as are directed to be paid and payable, pursuant to an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Annuities to Satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bids? and Ordnance Debentures*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be feed, mole fie J, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall. pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be recovered against him or them upon Demurrer; or if the Plaimiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action, or be non-prossed therein, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs. awarded to him or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, improving, and regulating die Streets, Lanes, and other public!; Passages and Places, and for repairing the Highways, within the Parish of Saint Clement, in the Town and Port of Hasting, in the County of Sussex \ and for removing and preventing Nuifences, Annoyances* Obstructions, and Incroachments, within the said Town and Port.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for appropriating the Sum of three thousand Pounds, out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, to be applied by the Highland Society of Scotland at Edinburgh to publick Uses in that Part of the Kingdom.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for providing a Workhouse for the Use of the Parish of Highworthy in the County of Wilts; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church \ and for removing the present Watch-house, and providing another for the Use of the juid Parish.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chady in the Town of Shrewsbury and County of Salop; and for providing a new Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for embanking and draining certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Notion and PotUrban* worthy in the County of Lincoln $ and in the Parish of Branston, in the County of the City of Lincoln.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery* £771,562l. 10

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year otte thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

[3,500,000l.]

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 35 - 40.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act For raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

[2,000,000l.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Act 3 Geo. i. recited. Deeds and Wills of Papists, &c. made since September 29, 1717, to be good in Law, if inrolled before September 1, 1789. Not to extend to Deeds, &c. the Validity whereof has been brought in question before January f, 1789. Purchases made not to be avoided, on Account of the Title Deeds not having been inrolled, &c. This Act not to make good any Grant of the Right of Presentation to any Benetice, oV. in trust for any Papist."

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities.

187,000l. to be raised by Annuities. Every Contributor of 100l. to be entitled to an Annuity of 4< 7l. gs. 9d. for r8 Years 3 Quarters, from April 5, 17S9, payable out of the Consolidated Fund, Half- yearly. Contributors who have made Deposits at the Bank, may pay the Remainder of their Subscriptions in the Manner therein specified. Contributors to be allowed Discount for Subscriptions paid in Advance. 44 'Annuities to be payable Half-yearly; the first Payment to be on October 10, 1789. Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank. Cashier to give Receipts for Money received, which shall be assignable prior to September 29,'1789. Cashier to give Security. Treasury may apply the Money subscribed. A Bock to be provided in the Accountant General’s Office for entering Contributors Names, t?e. Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions, to be entitled to their Annuities free of all Taxes. Subscriptions paid in 46 Part, and not completed, to be forfeited. As soon as Subscriptions are completed, they may be assigned. 44 Annuities to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund. The Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant General. Treasury to order Money for Payment of Annuities, to be issued to Chief Cashier; who is to render Accounts according to the Course of the Exchequer. Accountant General to examine the Chief Cashier’s Vouchers. Annuities to be deemed jx.*rfonal lid bites. Accountant General to keep Books for registering Transfer of Subscriptions. Annuities granted by this Act to be a Joint Stock with the Annuities granted by two Acts of the 18th and 19th Geo. 3. Annuities may bedevised. No Stamp Duties to be charged on Transfers. Treasury to defray out of Contributions the incidental Expences attending the Execution of this Act. The Bank to continue a Corporation till Annuities hereby granted Dial! ceaie. Guardians may subscribe for Infants. No Fee to be taken for receiving Contributions, or paying or transferring Annuities, on Penalty of 201.; nor for any Receipts concerning Subscription Monies. An 44 Account of Sums received by Installments, on Account of Secret Service Money, or for Interest, to be u laid annually before Parliament. General Issue. Treble Costs."

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for opening a new Street from Fleet Street to Temple Street in the City of London, and also a publick Passage from such new Street towards Water Lane; and for flopping up or altering certain Courts, Alleys, or Passages, and setting out others near to or communicating witty such new Street and Passage.

CAP. XXXIX.

, An Act tp explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lurie, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster7 in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. XL.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Tull ices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within toe Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted tt> be stamped according to Law, or, having been flatnped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law j and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

534

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

[Preamble.]

1,002,5001. to be raised by Annuities with Survivorship.

Contributors to beat Liberty, till 0£t. 10, 1790, to name 1 Life for every tool. 5s. which will entitle to an Annuity with Survivorship, in Claifei.

Particulars of ClaOes.

Annuities to be paid Half-yearly; the first Payment on April 5, 1791. Annuities falling in by Death* to be divided among the Survivors in the Oafs, till the Annuity for one Share shall amount to 1000L

Contributors who have made Deposits, to complete their Subscriptions in the Manner herein mentioned.

C. 41.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Gaffes.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved that the Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds be raised by Annuities, with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Clufles, in the Manner, and on the Terms expressed in the said Resolution:’ We do therefore most humbly1 beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person and Persons who shall become Contributors towards raising the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall, for every one hundred Pounds and five Shillings advanced and paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ be at Liberty to name the Life of some one Person, either of such Contributor, or some other Life, at any Time or Times, on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in Manner herein after directed; and shall be entitled from the said tenth Day of Othber one thousand seven hundred and ninety, for and during the Life of the Nominee who shall be appointed, to an Annuity, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes, in Manner following; (that is to say,)

For the Life of every Person so nominated, who shall be under the Age of twenty Years, at the Time of such Nomination, to an Annuity of four Pounds three Shillings in respect thereof:

For the Life of every Person so nominated, who shall be of the Age of twenty Years, and under the Age of thirty Years, at the Time of such Nomination, to an Annuity of four Pounds five Shillings and Sixpence in respect thereof:

For the Life of every Person so nominated, who shall be of the Age of thirty Years, and under the Age of forty Years, at the Time of such Nomination, to an Annuity of four Pounds eight Shillings and Sixpence in respect thereof:

For the Life of every Person so nominated, who shall be of the Age of forty Years, and tunder the Age of fifty Years, at the Time of such Nomination, to an Annuity of four Pounds thirteen Shillings and Sixpence in respect thereof:

r or the Life of every Person so nominated, who shall be of the Age of fifty Years, and under the Age of sixty Years, at the Time of such Nomination, to an Annuity of five Pounds one Shilling and Sixpence ift respect thereof:

And for the Life of every Person so nominated, who shall be of the Age of sixty Years or upwards, at the Time of such Nomination, to an Annuity of five Pounds twelve Shillings in respect thereof; —to be paid and payable Half-yearly, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the fifth Day of April and the tenth Day of October in each Year, out of the Consolidated Fund, the first Half-yearly Payment to be due and paid on the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and the several Nominees, to be appointed in respect of such Annuities, shall be divided into Classes, and upon the Death of every Nominee, the Annuity falling in shall be distributed among the several Persons interested whose Nominees shall survive, in the Class in which the Person dying shall be nominated, till the Annuity for any one Share of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings shall, by Survivorship, amount to the Sum or one thousand Pounds, and so shall continue to be payable for each and every Share of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings during the Life of such Nominee, and upon the Death of any such Nominee, so entitled to one thousand Pounds per Anrutm^ the said Annuity shall cease.

II. And whereas, in pursuanccof, and upon the Terms and Conditions expressed in, the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the Whole of the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, and have made Deposits of ten Pounds five Shillings in Part of the Consideration Money to be paid for the respe£b*ve Shares by them so subscribed;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Contributors, and the Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns of such Contributors, who respectively have made such Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had in that Behalf), to advance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England^ the several Remainders of the Sum by them respectively subscribed, on or before the respective Days and Times, and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed in that Behalf; (that is to say,) the further Sum of fifteen Pounds, in further Part of the said Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, on or before the twenty*first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; the further Sum of fifteen Pounds, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of September then next following; the further Sum of fifteen Pounds, on or before the thirtieth Day of October then next following; ther further Sum of fifteen Pounds, on or before the twenty-seventh Day of November then ne*t following; the further Sum of fifteen Pounds, on or

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 41. 535

before the twenty-fourth Day of December then next following; and the remaining Sum of fifteen Pounds,

Residue of the said Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor Castler to girt and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received or shall receive any Fart of the said Con- Receipts for tributions, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums, and that the Receipts to be given shall be assignable, by Indorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the affil4a*ble till* twenty-ninth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and no longer, and for which Re- Jan. 19, 1790. ceipts and Assignment no Stamp Duty shall be paid: Provided always, that such Cashier or Cashiersshall cafoiertofWi five Security, to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Secant/, lee. Treasurer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of hifc Majesty's Exchequer, for the publick Use, all the Monies which he or they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from Time to Time, of and for the Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for the Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed $ and shall from Time to Time pay all such Monies, as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within, five Days afterwards at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof, deducting the reout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act, for which Sums so paid Allowance shall and may be made in his or their Accounts.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Trea- T«»far/ refury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have Power, and he and pVfooi

they is and are hereby authorised to reward all such Persons as shall be anyways employed in the Execu- *",ht

tion of this Act, for their Service, Pains, and Labour, and also to defray all such incidental Charges as shall ^j10 necessarily attend the same, out of the Consolidated Fund, and also to appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper, out of the Monies arising from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, or out of the said Consolidated Fund, for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Contributions, and making forth the Certificates by this Act directed to be made forth, and for executing the other Trusts hereby in him or them reposed; and also for the Service,

Pains, and Labour of the said Accountant General, for performing the Trusts hereby reposed in him; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains, and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Com- Treasury missioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to *pply the Mo-issue and apply* from Time to Time, all such Sums ol Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain in this present Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Contributors towards railing Contributor* to the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, or their Executors, Administrators, Sue- be allowed in-ceftors, or Assigns, who shall have advanced and paid, or shall advance ai.d pay, to the said Cashier or Ca-

fhiers the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed, on the respective Days and Times Rate of 41.* herein limited or appointed for Payment thereof, shall be entitled to receive, and shall receive Interest for Cent, till Ott* all Monies by them respectively advanced and paid by such Installments as aforesaid, at the Rate of four 10, 1790. Pounds per Centum per Annum for one Year and one Quarter of a Year, to be computed from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred eighty-nine, until and upon, and ending on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety; which Interest, to be computed as aforesaid, shall be mentioned and expressed in the Certificate hereby appointed to be given, upon Payment of the whole Sums contributed, and shall be charged and chargeable upon, and paid at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ending trie tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor or Contributors Ctatributori to to the said Annuities, who shall pay in Advance the Whole, or any Part of the Sums by them respectively be allowed inte-subscribed, at any Time or Times previous to the Periods respectively fixed and appointed by this Act for 7* for SuSfcnp-the Payment of the same shall be entitled, in respect thereof, to an Allowance of so much^ Money as the *c^I>dinA Interest of such Sum or Sums so previously paid in Advance towards his, her, or their Contribution re-fipeftively, shall amount unto, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Days on

which such previous Payments have been aftuilly made, to the respective Days and Times at which fufti Sums respectively shall be payable, according to the Installments herein-before limited and appointed for Payment of the same; which Allowance is to be paid, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, out of the Monies to be contributed in pursuance of this Act, as soon as such respective Contributors, their Executors, Ad-_ ministrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have completed the Whole of such Payments: Provided always," $obfcn’pt7on» That in case any such Contributors, who have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay|to the said Cashier paid in Part, or Cashiers, any bum or Sums of Money, at the Time and in the Manner before mentioned, in Part of and notcom-the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of one million two thousand P,etf.d>10 bc five hundred Pounds, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successiors. or Assigns, shall not advance wlelled* and pay, to the said Cashier or Cashiers, the Residue of the Sum or Sums lo subscribed at or before the Times, and in the Manner before mentioned, then, and in every such Case, so much of the respective Sum

5J&

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III.

Act«r SuSferip-fiort are torn-J'htrd, Cerafi-Ciires 10 be granted on Applicats"n. prior to Q£t. xo, 179c, to the Cart ier, which rti ill be affi^n- hle*

'Counterpart of Cheques of Certificates to Ee transomted to the Auditor of the Exchequer. Contributors to del-vcr Certificates to the Auditor by Od.

Jo, 1790, to be exchanged for Outers, and on the BjcU. ( f the Certificates 10 describe the Nominee*, on Penalty of Forfeiture of Subscriptions.

'Person* may be druitied to Tub-frriho in ’he Hoorn of such at have forfeited Part of their Subscriptions, <by not having ^completed than.

Annuities of Contributor* who have paid their full Subscriptions, but fhrfd not have named their Nominees by 0£t. 10, 17CO, to be chided

C. 41.

A.D. 1789.

or Sums, so subscribed, ns shall have been afbaaily paid in Part thereof to the fold Cashier or Cashiers, shall be forfeited to the Use of the Publick, and all Right and Title to any Annuity, in refuel thereof, shall be extinguished; any 1'hing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V 111. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, (Hall have completed their Payments of the whole Sums payable by them respectively, towards railing the fr.id Sum of one million two thousand five hundred rounds, all such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall, upon Application to the said Cashier or Cashiers, at any Time afterwards on or before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, be entitled to receive from such Cashier or Cashiers, for every entire Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings advanced and paid, a Certificate under the Hand or Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers, directed to the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty’rf Exchequer, and to be printed or written on Cheque Paper, and cut out indentwise through some Flourish or Device to be contrived by the said Cashier or Cashiers, which Certificate shall contain the Names and Additions of such respective Proprietors; and the said Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby required to grant a distinct Certificate for every such one hundred Pounds and five Shillings in Manner as aforesaid, which Certificates shall and may be assignable, by indorsement thereon to be made and witnessed by two Persons, at any Time before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, for which Certificate or Alignment no Stamp Duty shall be paid: And in order to prevent the Auditor of the said Receipt from being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Certificate, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall transmit to the said Auditor a Counterpart of the Cheques of all the Certificates delivered out by them as aforesaid, upon which Counterpart shall be exprdti d the Number of the Certificate, and the Names and Additions of the reflective Persons to whom such Certificates shall have been granted.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That tlx: said respective Contributors, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Afilgnc, shall, on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, deliver every such Certificate to the said Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be exchanged for Orders to be made out in the Manner herein after appointed; and shall

also at the same Time, by Writing on the Back of every such Certificate, name aiui describe the Person for whose Life he, she, or they shall desire to have an Annuity with the Benefit of Survivorship, by and under such apt Terms and Descriptions as will best afeertnin the Person and true Age of such Nominee, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in case any such Certificates shall not be delivered to the said Auditor, and such Nominee be appointed, 011 or before the said tenth Day of October ope -thousand seven hundred and ninety, then and in such Case every such Contributor and Proprietor of such Certificate, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall forfeit, to the Use of the Publick, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may have been by him or her subscribed and paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers in respect of such Subscription, and all Right and Title to any Annuity in respect thereof shall be extinguished; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons shall have made Default in the Payment of the Remainders of the Sums by him, her, or them subscribed, and such Default shall be certified by the said Cashier or Cashiers, or by the said Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, to the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and such Default shall, by them or him respectively, be declared to be a Forfeiture, it shall be lawful, at any Time on or before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, for the said Auditor to admit any other Person or Persons to subscribe towards completing the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, in the Stead of him or them so making Default, such Subscribers paying at the Time of such Subscription the several Sums then payable* according to the Provisions of this Act; and every such Subscriber, on completing the Payment of the whole Sums payable in respect of any Subscription of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, and naming a

Nominee, in Manner in and by this Act directed, on or before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be deemed a Contributor towards raising the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, within the Meaning of this Act, and shall be entitled to the like Annuity during the Life of the Nominee who shall be so appointed, with the like Benefit of Survivorship, as any other Contributor in the same Oafs shall or may be entitled to by this Act; and in case the Whole of the said Contributions shall, after such Forfeiture or Forfeitures being declared, be subscribed to and completed in Manner aforesaid, and the Sums of Money paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers, shall by reason of such Forfeitures exceed the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, then all such Sums so paid’to the Lid Cashier or Cashiers, over and above the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, shall from Time to Time be paid into and accounted for in the Receipt of the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof; and the Money so paid shall from Time to Time be carried to and made a Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons, after completing his, her, or their Payments of the whole Sums contributed by him, her, or them respectively towards raising the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall make Default in the naming his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees respectively, on or before the said tenth Day of October one thouiafid seven hundred and ninety, and such Default shall be in like Manner as aforesaid certified to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and (half be by them or him relatively declared to be a Forfeiture as aforesaid, *then and from thenceforth every such Annuity

L.

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 41.

which he, she, or they might have been entitled to by naming a Nominee in respect of every Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings by him, her, or them so advanced, according to the Directions of this Act, shall go and be divided from Time to Time, as the same shall accrue, amongst all and every the Pei f ms entitled to Annuities in Right of their Nominees then living, in such Class as the said Annuity so forfeited Avail be allotted and placed in, as herein-after is mentioned, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons aforesaid had ti.ily appointed his, her, or their Nominee, in the same Class in which such Annuity shall be allotted and placed, and such Nominee was dead before the said Annuity became payable; and every Annuity (o forfeited shall be a'lotted and placed, and horn Time to Time divided and paid in such CUis to which the said Annuity shall be determined to belong, by impartially drawing Lots for the lame, at such Time and in (licit Manner r.s the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall by their or his Order, under Hand and Seal, direct.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, or Adigns, who shall deliver to the said Auditor such Certificates as aforesaid, and appoint their respective Nominees on cr before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall, upon the Receipt of the Ordcis to be made out in Manner herein after mentioned, be entitled to have and receive Interest (or all Monies by them respectively advanced and paid, at and after the Rate herein-before allowed, to be computed from the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, until the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and shall also be entitled to have and receive, during the Lives of such Nominees reflectively, an Annuity at the respective Rates aforesaid, to be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Manner hereafter mentioned; which said Interest Monies and Annuities respectively shall be paid and payable at the said Receipt of Exchequer, at the Times and in the Manner herein appointed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or the Guardians or Trustvcs herein after mentioned, may become Contributors and Proprietors of, and deliver to the said Auditor, as many such Certificates as he or they shall think fit; and the said Auditor shall, as (bon as conveniently may be after such Certificate or Certificates shall be delivered to him, cause a separate and dillinct Order to be made out in the Exchequer for the Payment of a Life Annuity, with Benefit of Survivorship as aforesaid, for every one hundred Pounds and five Shillings so certified; which Orders shall be made out upon Vellum or Parchment, and shall contain the Names, Surnames, Additions, and Places of Abode of such the respective Contributors or Proprietors, and also of their respective Nominees, and the reputed Parents of such Nominees, and also the true Ages of such Nominees (to be verified and attested in certain Cases in Manner herein-afeer mentioned), with other apt Descriptions which shall best ascertain the Person and Age of such Nominees, and also the particular Classes in which such Nominees are to be placed, and the Annuities to which such Contributors pr Proprietors aforesaid shall be entitled; and in the Office of the said Auditor, and also in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, severally, there shall be provided and kept one or more Book or Books, in which every such Certificate shall be fairly entered, as herein after is mentioned, the said Entry to be made previous to the i/Tuing such Order by the said Auditor; and all Inch Orders shall be signed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being; and after signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removals of any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer, nor shall they, or any of them, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void, such Orders so signed as aforesaid, except in the Cases herein- -after mentioned.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall have obtained any such Order signed as aforesaid, or their Agents respectively, shall, at any Time on or before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, signify to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, the*t tire Nominee already named by any such Contributor or Proprietor is dead, or that such Contributor or Proprietor is delirous of substituting another Person to be appointed Nominee in lieu of the Person already appointed, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High 'I'rcalurer for the Time being, upon the Re-delivery of such Order to the said Auditor to be cancelled, which Order the said Auditor is hereby directed to cancel and annul, to substitute any new Life, to be named by the Contributor or Pioprictorof such Order, in Heu of the Person before nominated, without Regard being paid to any Difference in the Ages of the Persons Jp nominated, and to cause a new Order to be made out in Manner aforesaid, containing the Name, Surname, Addition, and Place of Abode of such new Nominee, and also all such other Matters as are herein-before required to be inierted in every such Order to be made out fcy the said Auditor in pursuance of this Act; and every such new Order, signed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or by any three or morejof them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall have the like Validity and Effect in the Law, to every Intent and Purpose, as if such new Order had been originally granted to such Contributor or Proprietor, containing the Nominee therein newly appointed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it Pauli and may be lawful for any Guardian or Guardians, or Trustee or Trustees, leaving the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age ot twenty-one Years, to advance and pay, for the Use and Benefit of such Infant, such Sums of the Monies of such Infant as shall be ncceiVary for the Purchase of one or moie such Share or Shares of one one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, which Sums shall and may be advanced by such Guardians and Trustees respectively, at such Times, and in such Proportions, as are hemurbefore limited and appointed; and all such Guardian*

537

among the An. nuiranti ot th?

Cl*ls.

To which Claft such forfeited A nnuitiss Aiall beljog,«o he determined by driving Lies.

Contributor* delivering e’er* tificate* to the Auditor, &c. to be entitled to Interest) Sect

Any Person may be a Contributor for as m ;njr Certificates at he shall think proper.

How Order* are* to be made out for the Payment of Annuities,

Sc c#

The Name* of

Nominees

be changed rilt ‘

Oft, 10, 1790* -

Guardians nr ay. subscribe fuf lo.'ants.

53»

None but resident Native* of Great Britain to be Nominee* of Native*

Affidavit to be made of the Age, Ac, of the Nominee, if upward* of twenty Year*, upon Delivery of Certificate* to the Auditor j

which Affidavit! .-end Certificates are to be filed by the Auditor, a* his Warrant for -malting out Order* for Annuities:

Or Copies of the Register of the ;Birth of the Nominee, certified a* herein f refertbed, to be produced, as a Warrant to the Auditor for the like Turpose*

No Fee or Stamp Dotv to be paid for Registers, &c. in Great Britain.

Regulations re* Ipeding the Certificates of

C. 41. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

and Trustees, upon completing their full Payments, shall, within such Time as is herein-before appointed for the naming of Lives respectively, name the said Infants to be the Nominees, and shall, during the Minority of such Nominees, be deemed Contributors towards raising the said Sum of one million two thousand five hundred Pounds, within the Meaning of tins Ail, and entitled, during such Minority (if such Infknts shall so long live), to have and receive to the Use and Benefit of fuel] Infants respectively, a Share of the said Annuities in respect of the said Sum of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings, subscribed in such Manner and Proportion as any other Contributor of a like Share in the same Class will be entitled; and such Infants shall, upon their arriving at the full Age of twenty-one Years, become and be deemed the Contributors and Proprietors in the Room of their respective Guardians or Trustees, and shall be and continue entitled to hive and receive, during their respective Lives, such Shares of the said Annuities as aforesaid; and the said Guardians and Trustees, as to the said Sums of Money, so to be advanced for the Benefit of such Infants, are hereby respectively discharged.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, being a Native or Natives of Great Britain, to nominate or appoint any Perfoit to be his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees, other than a Native of and Resident in Great Britain, at the Time of such Nomination, or his, her, or their Child, Children, or Grandchildren respectively, any illing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every (lich Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents respectively, upon the Delivery of any such Certificates at the Office of the said Auditor, and appointing such Nominees, for whose Lives he, she, or they shall desire to have any Annuities by virtue of this Act, before such Nominees shall be entered in the Boole of the said Auditor, and before any Orders shall be issued thereupon, shall, if such Certificates, by any Writing on the Back thereof, declare such Nominees to be or the Age of twenty Years or upwards, and if such Nominees shall be of the Age of twenty Years and upwards, in every such Case, produce to the said Auditor an Affidavit, or if any of the Persons required to make the same shall be a Quaker, then a solemn Affirmation, in Writing,’of the Age of such his, her, or their Nominee, and also of the Name, Surname, Addition, and Place of Abode of such Nominee, and the Place of his or her Brith, and the Names of his or her reputed Parents, with other apt Descriptions to ascertain the Person of such Nominee; which Affidavit or solemn Affirmation shall bc*u|ade by such Nominee, or such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents respectively, and shall and may be taken before one or more of the Judges of any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ which Affidavits or solemn Affirmations the said Judges respectively are hereby impowered to take, and are required to make a Certificate thereof; for whion Affidavits or foieran Affirmations and Certificates, no Fee or Reward shall be taken nor Stamp Duty paid; and the said Affidavits or solemn Affirmations and Certificates shall be filed at the Office of the said Auditor, and any such Affidavit or solemn Affirmation and Certificate, being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the Order for the Payment of the said Annuity during the Life of such Nominee, and delivering the same to such Contributors or Proprietors aforesaid, or their Agents reffiedtavely; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents, to produce a true Copy of the Register of the Birth of such his, her, or their Nominee, being; of the Age of twenty Years or upwards, and also a Certificate of the same, under the Hands of the Minister of the Parish or Place where such Register shall be kept, and of the Churchwardens and Overseers, or other principal Inhabitants of such Parish or Place, or any two of them, to be attested by two or more credible Witnesses, thereby certifying that such Copy of the Register aforesaid is a true Copy; and such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents, shall also annex to every such Certificate an Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation as aforesaid, made by the said Witnesses who attested the Execution of the said Certificate, or one of them, before one or more of the Judges of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, City, Town, or Place, from whence such Certificate doth come (if in England or Scotland), or (if in Ireland) then before one of the Barons of the Exchequer in Ireland, that such Witness or Witnesses did fee the Minister and the Churchwardens and Overseers, or other Persons aforesaid, whose Names are to be thereunto subscribed and fe% severally sign the said Certificate, and that the Names of such Witnesses are of their own proper Handwriting; and shall also annex to every such Certificate an Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation, made by the said Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents respectively, before one or more of the Judges of one of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, that the Person named and described in the Register of Birth produced to the said Auditor is the same Person who is named and appointed to be such Nominee; which said Judges, Barons, or Justices respectively, shall also certify that such Oaths, or solemn Affirmations respectively, were made before them; which Register and Certificate, and Oaths or solemn Affirmations aforesaid, so certified by the said Judges, Barons, or Justices respectively, shall likewise be a sufficient Warrant for making the Order for the Payment of the said Annuity during the Life of such Nominee, and delivering the fime to such Contributors or Proprietors aforesaid, or their Agents respectively; for which Registers, Oaths, or Affirmations, or Certificates aforesaid, if made in Great Britain, no Fee or Reward shall be taken, nor Stamp Duty paid*

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Nominee £hafl at the Time of his or her Appointment to be such Nominee, be resident in any of the Dominions of his Majesty

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 41.

Majesty beyond the Seas, the respective Contributors, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, or their Agents, shall produce to the said Auditor a Certificate, containing the Name, Surname, Addition, and Place of Abode of such his, her, or their Nominee, and the reputed Parents of such Nominee, and also the true Age of such Nominee, with other Descriptions as aforesaid, to ascertain the Person of such Nominee, under the Hand of the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Settlement where such Nominee shall be living at the Time such Appointment shall be made; or if such Nominee shall be resident in any Kingdom in Europe under the Dominion of any Prince in Amity with his Majesty, then the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, or their respective Agents, shall produce such Certificate under the Hand of the British Minister resident in that Place where such Nominee shall be then living; or if such Nominee shall be then living in any other Part beyond the Seas, or in case no British Governor or Minister respectively shall be resident at the Settlement or Place where such Nominee shall be then living, then there shall be produced to the said Auditor, a Certificate of the Age of such Nominee, in Manner aforesaid, under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of any Province, City, Town, or Place, where such Nominee shall be then living; and such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents, shall also annex to every such Certificate and Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation, to be made before one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that he or they doth or do believe such Certificate to be true, and that the Person named and described therein is the same Person who is named and appointed to be such Nominee as aforesaid; which Certificate and Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation, being filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the Order for the Payment of the said Annuity during the Life of such Nominee, and delivering the same to such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents respectively, and for which Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, and Certificate thereof, no Fee or Reward shall be taken, nor Stamp Duty paicL

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time take a false Oath or forswear himself, before any of the Judges, Barons, or Justices, in any of the Cases in this Act set forth, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person shall and may be transported to any Parts beyond the Seas for the Term of seven Years.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Certificate of any Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be delivered at the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, with any false Indorsement written thereon, of the Age of any Person to be appointed a Nominee, whereby such Person so nominated shall or may be clafted or entered, or be liable to be clafted or entered, in any higher Class or Order of Nominees than the Class or Order in which such Person so nominated is directed, and ought, according to his or her true Age, and according to the several Provisions respecting the same in this Act contained, to be clafted and entered, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any Annuity or yearly Sum payable by this Act, or to obtain to the Use of the said Contributor or Contributors, or the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Certificate^ any higher Rate of Interest, during the Life of such Nominee, than is by this Act allowed, every such Contributor or Contributors, or Proprietor or Proprietors aforesaid, acting or assisting the rein, shall forfeit, to the Use of the Publick, all such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall have been by him or them, or by any other Person or Persons for his or their Use respectively, advanced and paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers, and all Right and Title to any Annuity or Sum of Money by Survivorship or otherwise in respect thereof, shall be utterly extinguished and cease, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Order which shall be made out at the Exchequer for the Payment of any Annuity for the Life of any Person nominated in Manner herein-before mentioned, and the Nominees named therein, and the Annuities payable upon their Lives, shall be formed by the said Auditor into Classes, according to the respective Ages of such Nominees; and all the Orders of each Class shall be numbered in Arithmetical Progression, according to the Course in which such*Orders shall be made out, beginning each Class with the Order Number One, and proceeding arithmetically to the next succeeding Orders of each respective Class, until the wholt shall be duly ranked and clafted in Manner following; (that is to say,)

The Nominees mentioned in such Orders, who shall be underlie Age of twenty Years at the Time of such Nomination, and the Annuities payable upon their Lives in respect thereof, shall form the first Class:

The Nominees mentioned in such Orders, who shall be of the Age of twenty Years and under the Age of thirty Years at the Time of such Nomination, and the Annuities payable upon their Lives in respect thereof, shall form the second Clafe:

The Nominees mentioned in such Orders, who shall be of the Age of thirty Years and under the Age of forty Years at the Time of such Nomination, and the Annuities payable upon their Lives in relpetSt thereof, shall form the third Class:

The Nominees mentioned in such Orders, who shall be of the Age of forty Years and under the Age of fifty Years at the Time of such-Nomination, and the Annuities payable upon their Lives in respect thereof, shall form the fourth Class:

The Nominees mentioned in such Orders, who shall be of the Age of fifty Years and under the Age of sixty Years at the Time of such Nomination, and the Annuities payable upon their Lives in refoedt thereof, shall form the fifth Class:

29 Geo. III. 4 B And

539

Nominees refi* dent in Foreign Pam.

Persons guilty of Ptijury to be transported.

If Certificates are delivered to the Auditor with false Indorsements nf the Age of No-mineef, Sub-feriptiom to b« forfeited.

Order* for AlV nuitie* to bn made out in Claflca, at follow* 1

First Clafi.

Second Claft*

Third Chit,

Fourth Ctaft.

Fifth Clift,

540

Sixth Chfs.

Nominee* of the Age of 20, or upward*, may be placed in the £ 1 ft Clafi.

Annul tie* falling in by Meath to be divided aim ng the Survive* in the CUfi, till each receive* 1000l. per Shaic.

Books to be.

kept in the Offices of the Auditor and Clerk of the Pell* for entering the Names of Annul ants.

Money for Payment of Anroi-tie« to be applied cut of the Chin-Midaud t und.

Annuitie* may be ^tiigned.

Certificates of the Mini (ter and Churchwardens, of the L’fe of N mine'* re-fiHrnt in Great Britair, or Orth of the Ibft, to be produced on Application for Auatiuci*

C. 41. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

And the Nominees mentioned in such Orders, who shall be of the Age of sixty Years, or upwards, at the Time of such Nomination, and the Annuities payable upon their Lives in respect thereof, shall form the sixth Class.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the said Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall, at the Time of his, her, or their appointing any Nominee or Nominees as aforesaid, by any Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, ngmfy to the said Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, a Desire that such his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees, being of the Age of twenty Years, or upwards, may, notwithstanding such their respective Ages, be placed in the first of the said Classes, then it shall be lawful for the said Auditor to class every such Nominee or Nominees accordingly; and such and the like Annuities, at and after the Rate of four Pounds three Shillings for every one hundred Pounds and five Shillings advanced and paid, to be attended witti the like Benefit of Survivorship, shall in Tefpedt thereof, in every such Case, be payable and paid to the Persons entitled to the same, during the Life or Lives of such Nominee or Nominees so appointed and classed, as if such Nominee or Nominees was or were under the Age of twenty Years at the Time of such Nomination, and as any other Contributor in the same Class shall or may be entitled unto.

A XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, upon the Death of each and every Nominee *in each respective Class, the Annuity or Annuities, which shall have beui payable in such Class during the Life of such Nominee, shall be equally divided amongst the rest of the Persons entitled to Annuities in the same Class, whose Nominees shall be living, during the Lives of their respective Nominees; so that from Time to Time the whole respective Annuities, or yearly Sums of Money, payable in each Class during the Lives of the respective Nominees, shall, upon the Death of any Nominee or Nominees, be divided and paid amongst the Persons entitled to Annuities in the same Class* whose Nominees shall survive, until such Time as each Annuity, payable to such Persons respectively for each Share of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings in such Class, shall amount to the Sum of one thousand Pounds; after which Time there shall be no more Benefit or Advantage of Survivorship, nor shall any greater Annuity than the Sum of one thousand Pounds be paid or payable to any Person or Persons in any such Class, in respect of any such one Share of one hundred Pounds and five Shillings; but, from Time to Time, the Surplus of the Annuities payable in such respective Class, over and above the Annuities of one thousand Pounds payable during the Lives of such Nominees who shall survive, and also upon the Decease of any such surviving Nominee, the said increased Annuities of one thousand Pounds shall respectively cease and determine.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and Clerk of the Pells severally, there shall be provided and kept one or more Book or Books, in which the Names of all Persons entitled to any Annuity, and their Nominees during whose Lives respectively the said Annuities shall be payable, shall be fairly entered, and also a Book or Books in which the several Clades, and the Names and Ages of the Persons appointed Nominees, and the said Annuities, and the Names of the Persons entitled to such Annuities in each Class, shall be entered in like Manner; which Books it shall be lawful for the respective Persons entitled to such Annuity, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from Time to Time to resort to and to inspect without Fee or Reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and out of the Monies com-potirtg the said Fund commonly called The Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as, before the passing this Act, shall have been directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, there shall and may be applied from Time to Time at the Rt ceipt of the Exchequer, such Sums of xVloney as shall be necessary for Payment of the said Annuities upon Lives in Manner as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Contributor or Contributors, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, at any Time during the Life of his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees, by proper Words of Alignment to be iivdorsed on his, her, or their Order or Orders, to be witnessed by two Persons, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order or Orders to any other Person or Persons, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, the Officers there shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made in the Book of Registry for such Orders, without E'ec or Charge; and after such Entry made, such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon y and such Assignee or Assignees may, in like Manner, assign again, and so isties quoties\ and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall make such Assignment to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof, and for which Alignments no Stamp Duty shall be paid.

XXVII. And, for preventing all Frauds in receiving the said Annuities, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contributors, his, her, or their Executes, A Jmi-nistrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents, on Demand of any Half-yearly Payment of their respectwe Shares of the said Annuities (unless the Nominee appears in Person at the said Receipt), shall produce Certificates of the Life of his, her, or their respective Nominees, figoed by the MintlUr. and Church-wardens of the Parish where such Nominee shall be living, upon the Day when the said Half-yearly Payment shall become due, if such Nominee shall be then residing in Great Britain, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Contributor or Contributors* his, her, or th$it Executors, Administrators,

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 41. 541

Successors, or Assigns, or Agents, at his, her, or their Election, to make Oath of the Life of his, her, or their respective Nominees, upon the Day when the said Half-yearly Payment shall become due, before one or more of the Judges of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or of the Justices of the Deace of the respective County, Riding, City, Town, or Place wherein such Person at the Time of making such Oath shall reside; and in like Manner, every such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, whose Nominee shall relide in any Town cr Place being Extra-parochial, upon the Day when any of the said Half-yearly Payments shall become due, or their Agents, shall make a like Oath before any Justice or Justices aforesaid, of the Life of such Nominee on that Day, which Oaths the said Judges or Justices of the reace respectively are hereby impowered to ad minuter, mnd such Justice or Justices shall make a Certificate thereof, for which Oath and Certificate no Fee or Re- j^J^be Tid ward shall be demanded, or any Stamp Duty paid; and the said Certificates and Oaths aforesaid shall be filed f0r l.Ch cemfi-in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer. CMes or Oa'h«,

whch are to be filed by the Auditor,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Nominee shall, at the ‘'Time of such Demand, be resident in the Kingdom of Ireland, the respective Contributors, or their Executors* Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, or Agents, shall produce to the said Auditor Certificates of the Life of his, her, or their respective Nominees, under the Hand of any one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer in such Kingdom, who shall certify, that upon Proof to him or them made, upon Oath (which Proof he and they may take in a summary Way), it doth seem probable to him or them that the said Nominee is living at the Time of such Examination; and in case any such Nominee shall, at the Time of such Demand, be resident in any Parts beyond the Seas, in any of the Dominions of his Majesty, the respective Persons entitled to such the respective Annuities aforesaid, or their Agents, shall produce to the said Auditor Certificates of the Life of their respective Nominees, under the Hand of the Governor, or Deputy Governor, of the Settlement where such Nominees shall be living, upon the Day when the said Half-yearly Payment shall become due; and in case any such Nominee shall at the Time of such Demand be resident in any Kingdom in Europe under the Dominion of any Prince in Amity with his Majesty, then there shall be produced in like Manner Certificates of the Life of such Nominees, under the Hand of the Brit id.) Minister resident in the Place where any such Nominees shall be living, upon the Day when the said Half-yearly Payment shall become due, which Certificates shall also be given without Fee or Reward; and in case such ’Nominee shall be living at any other Place beyond the Seas, or in case no British Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Minister respectively, shall be resident at the Settlement or Place where any such Nominee shall live, then such Persons aforesaid, or their Agents, shall produce to the said Auditors Certificates of the Life of his, her, or their respective Nominees, under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Magistrate of any Province, City, Town, or Place, where any such Nominee shall be living, upon the Day when the said Half-yearly Payment shall become due as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Demand shall be made for Payment of any Share of the said Annuities, and any Certificate of the Life of any Nominee, during which such Annuity shall be payable, shall be produced to the said Auditor, at the ime of such Demand, the Person or Persons making such Demand shall also annex to every such Certificate, an Affidavit or foleinn Affirmation as aforesaid, to be made before one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that he or they doth or do believe that the Matters contained in such Certificate are true, and that the Person described and certified therein, is the farrte Person for whose Life the said Annuity was granted; and if any Person, as a Nominee during whose Life any such Annuity shall be payable, shall personally appear at the Receipt of the Exchequer before the said Auditor, when any Half-yearly Payment of such Annuity hath become due, it shall be lawful for the said Auditor (if he shall see Occasion) to require such Person tov produce an Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, made before one of the Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, in Proof of his Identity, and that he is the same Person for whose Life such Annuity was granted, of which Oath the said Baron shall make a Certificate; all which Certificates and Affidavits, or solemn Affirmations aforesaid, shall be filed in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer. and for which no Fee or Reward shall be taken, nor Stamp Duty paid; and every such Certificate and Affidavit, or solemn Affirmation, being respectively made and filed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Warrant for making the said Half-yearly Payments to the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, Assigns, or Agents: And if any Person or Persons, for his or their own Use, or the Use of any other, shall receive one or more Half-yearly Payments upon any Annuity or Annuities, for any Time beyond the Death of the Nominee or Nominees for whose Life or Lives the same was or were payable, after the Time that the said Annuity or Annuities ought to cease, such Person or Persons, knowing such Nominee or Nominees to be dead, shall forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, treble the Value of the Monies so by him, her, or them received, and also the further Sum of five hundred Pounds, whereof one Moiety shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety of the said five hundred Pounds to him or them who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, within one Month after receiving Notice of the Death of his, her, or their respective Nominee or Nominees, shall certify such Death to the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer for the Time being, and shall also, within three Months after such Notice, deliver, or cause to be delivered up, to the said Auditor, his, her, or their Order or Orders, by which

How Certificate of the Live* of Nominees resident in Ireland, or Foreign Part*, are to be vouched.

Every Person producing a Certificate for Payment of an Annuity, to annex thereto an Affidavit, made before a Baron of the Exchequer.

Nominees applying for Annuities, may be required to prove their Identity upon Oath.

Cert ficates, Sea to be filed by the Auditor, for which no Fee shall be taken or Stamp Duty paid.

Persons receivin' Annuities alter the Death of Nominee!, to forfeit the same, and 5001.

Contributors to certify the Deaths of Nominees to the Auditor; within a Month after knowing of such

£42

Deaths &c. on Penalty of jol. Ac.

Annnit’et so be free from Taxes, nd deemed Personal Estate.

If Annuities are not demanded until within 40 D*ya before two Years shall have become due; and if no C ertt-ficate of the Lives of the Nominees shall be produced, such Annuities to be divided among the Survivors of the Clafa until such Certificate be produced, &c. An Account to be made of Half-yearly of the Nominees who have died, and of the Per-fins oho hav« not demanded Annuities foe two Yean.

On Oath being made that Nominees, whose Certificates have net been procured, art abroad, and that thet$ it Reason to believe such Certificates n ay be obtained in a reason able Time,

and on Certificate from a Baron of the Exchequer, that it feetns probable, the Nominees were living, the Auditor to fist apart the Annuities on such Lives, and pay them on the Production of Certificates in a limited Time, &c.

Treasury map dire A oew Orders to be made out.in lira of such si may be lofi^Ac

C. 41. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

he, she, and they was and were entitled, during the Life of such Nominee, to any Share of the said Annuities, in case such Order or Orders be in his, her, or their Hands or Power; and in Default thereof, such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered by such Action or Suit as aforesaid, and to be had and received for the Use of any Person who shall sue for the same.

XXXI. And be it further cna£kd by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever, and shall be deemed a Personal Estate; and in all Cases where the same do not depend upon the Proprietor’s own Life, shall go to his Executors and Administrators as Personal Estate, to all Intents and Purposes, and not be dependable to Heirs.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who, in respect of any such Life Annuity, may be entitled to receive any Half-yearly Payment thereof, shall, at any Time, neglect to demand the same, until within forty Days before the Expiration of two Years from the Time when such Payment shall have become due; and in case no Certificates of the Life of any Nominee, upon whose Life the said Annuity doth depend, shall be produced to the Officers of his Majesty's Exchequer, orfuffident Proof made thereof, according to the Rules prescribed by this Act, then and from thenceforth such Nominee, of whose Life no such Certificate shall be produced or Proof made, shall be taken to be dead, and such Annuity shall be forfeited, and from thenceforth the same shall be divided, from Time to Time, amongst the several Persons entitled to Annuities upon the Death of any Nominee in the same Class, until such Certificate shall be produced or Proof made, and so from Time to Time upon every such Default: Provided nevertheless, That if such Nominee shall afterwards appear to be living, and a Demand in due Time, in Manner as aforesaid, is made for any following Half-yearly Payment, the Person or Persons entitled to the same shall, for the future, have his Share of the said Annuities, as if such Default had not been made.

XXXIII. And, to the Intent it may appear and be ascertained upon every Half-yearly Payment, unto and amongst what Persons, and in what Proportions, the said Annuities are to be distributed, be it enacted, rl hat in the said Office of Auditor of the Receipt, every Half Year, within forty Days before the respective Days of Payment, there shall be made up an Account of the said Nominees whose Deaths are Come to Knowledge, and of the several Persons who have made Default in making Demand for the Space of two Years as aforesaid, that lo the rest of the Proprietors in each such Class may have the Advantage thereof.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if any Person who may be entitled to receive any such Half-yearly Payment, in respect of any such Annuity, or his or her Agent or Agents, shall, within the Time herein-before limited for demanding Payment of the same, and so from Time to Time, make Oath, or a fotemn Affirmation, before one or more of the Barons of the Exchequer, that, to the said Deponent or Deponents Belief, the Nominee for whose Life the said Annuity shall be payable at the Time when such Half-yearly Payment became due was living, and that such Nominee (if living) is resident in Parts beyond the Seas, and that he, she, or they, hath or have not been able to obtain the necessary Certificate or Documents aforesaid of the Existence of his or her Life, but hath or have Reason to believe that such Certificate and Documents aforesaid may be obtained within a reasonable Time (which Time the said Baron or Barons shall in his or their Discretion, according to the Circumstances of the Case, limit and appoint, and from Time to Time enlarge, as he or they shall see Occasion); and such Baron or Barons shall certify that, upon such or other Proof on Oath, it doth seem probable to him or them, that the said Nominee was living at the Time such Half-yearly Payment became due (which Certificate shall be given, and Examination made, without Fee Or Charge, and shall be filed in the Office of the said Auditor); then, and in every such Case, it shall J>e lawful for the said Auditor, upon the said Certificate being so filed from Time to Time, to set apart in the said Receipt of the Exchequer all such Half-yearly Payments as shall have arisen and are payable to any Person or Persons entitled to any Annuity, during the Life of any such Nominee of whose Life no such Certificate shall be produced or Proof made as aforesaid; and in case such Nominee shall, within the Time or Times respectively limited or appointed by the said Baron or Barons for the Production of such Certificate, or other Proof of his or her Existence, appear to be living, or to have been living at the Time or Times any such Half-yearly Payments

of the said Annuities became payable, the said Auditor shall upon Demand thereof pay the said Annuities to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same, as if such Default had not been made, but otherwise the same shall be divided and paid to and amongst the several Persons who shall be entitled to Annuities in the lame Class, at the Expiration of the Time or Times so limited or appointed by the said Baron or Barons for the Purpose aforesaid, in such Proportions as the Rest of the Annuities in such Class are payable.

XXXV. And whereas it may so happen, that in Procefe of Time several of the Standing Orders may be loft, burnt, or destroyed, or may become defaced, obliterated, or incumbered with many Assign- ments thereon, and it may be necessary that new Orders should be made forth in lieu thereof;9 be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all or any of the said cases, any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, (nail, and he or they is or are hereby impowered, from Time to Time, upon Certificate under the Hand of the Lord Chief Baron, or any other of the Barons of the Coif of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, that he or they is or are fetiffied, by Proof upon Oath before him or them made, that any such Order or Orders have been loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed* to cause new Orders to be made form at the Exchequer, to be figoed by him or

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 41. 543

them, in lieu of such Orders so certified to be loft, burnt, or destroyed; and the respective Officers in the said Exchequer are hereby directed to pay the Interest which shall from Time to Time become due on such new Orders, as if the original Order or Orders had been produced; and all such Payments shall be allowed in their respective Accounts, provided that the Person or Persons entitled to receive the Annuity or Annuities, due upon any such Order or Orders, do give Security to the King, to the Liking of the Person appointed to pay the same, for redelivering such new Orders into the Exchequer, to be cancelled, if the Order or Orders so certified to be loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, be thereafter produced; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall also have Power to cause new Standing Orders to be made for and in lieu of such Orders as shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise incumbered, as aforesaid, which said Order or Orders shall be at the same Time delivered up and cancelled, and the new Order or Orders to be made out in lieu thereof shall be made payable and delivered to the Person or Persons who shall appear to be lawfully entitled to the said Order or Orders so to be delivered up and cancelled at the Time of such Delivery as aforesaid; and the Auditor of the Receipt as aforesaid shall always take care that such Entries or Memorandums be made upon the said new Orders as may denote their being made in lieu of such defaced, obliterated, incumbered, or otherwise defective Orders cancelled, and as may secure the Publick against any double Payments for or by reason of the making out or issuing such new Orders in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever Personi furginf shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wil- or altering fully aft or assist irt the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any Register or Registers of the Birth of any *«lS*n» Person or Persons to be appointed a Nominee or Nominees, or any Certificate or Certificates given by any

Judge, Baron, or Justice of the Peace, or by any Governor, Deputy Governor, or Minister, or other Person by this Act authorised to grant any Certificate in any of the Cases aforesaid; or any Certificate or Certificates given by such Cashier or Cashiers, or any Indorsement thereupon, or Writing the rein, or

any Order or Orders to be made forth in lieu thereof, in pursuance of this present Act, or any Assign-

ment or Alignments of any such Order or Orders, or of the Annuities payable thereon, or any Receipt or

Discharge to the Exchequer for the Annuities due or to grow due on any such Order or Orders, or any

Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, to transfer, assign, alien, or convey any such Order or Orders, or to receive the Annuities due or to grow due thereon, or on any Part thereof; or shall

demand to have any such counterfeit Certificate, or any Certificate given by such Caftiier or Cashiers

vrith any counterfeit Indorsement thereon, exchanged at the said Receipt of the Exchequer for any such Order or Orders, knowing the Certificate so demanded to be exchanged, or the Indorsement thereupon,

to be forged or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Person or Persons to be appointed to exchange the same, or any Person or Persons whatsoever; or shall forge or

counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or aftift in the forging

or counterfeiting the Name or Names of any of the Proprietors of any such Order or Orders, in or to any such Order or Orders, or in or to any such pretended Alignment or Assignments, Receipt, Letter of

Attorney, Certificate, Instrument, or Authority; or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real or person*tir»f

Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Orders, and thereby assign, or endeavour to assign, any of the said the Proprietor

Orders, or receive, or endeavour to receive, the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Of- of Order,

fender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real or any Nominee*

Nominee or Nominees, and thereby receive, or endeavour to receive, any Money at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, with any Intention to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or the Person or Persons to

be appointed to pay off the said Annuity, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, then

every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of to suffer Death

Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. a» Felons.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Ma- Treasury to print

jesty’s Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, on the and pobiilh on twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or as soon after as conveniently may *79*

be in that Year and afterwards from Time to Time on the twentieth Day of May in every Year, or as soon after as conveniently may be in every such Year, so long as any Nominee or Nominees, for whole mineei)&c. uT - Life or Lives any Annuity or Annuities shall be payable at the said Receipt of the Exchequer in be distributed pursuance of this Act, shall be living, cause to be printed and published a List or Schedule, wherein shall among the Per. be entered, under proper Titles, and in proper Columns, the Names, Surnames, and Additions, of all and fen*entitled to % every the Nominees aforesaid, on whose Lives any such Annuities shall depend; and also of their reputed Annuitie* Parents, and the respective Ages of such Nominees, together with the Places of their respective Births and residence, and all Alterations and Additions which from Time to Time ought to be made therein by reason of the Deaths of any Nominee or Nominees within the Year previous to such Publication; and also all Defaults made in demanding Payment of any of the said Annuities within the Times hereinbefore limited, as for as the several Matters aforesaid, or any of them, shall or may have come to the Knowledge of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or High Treasurer for the Time being, or any of the Officers of the said Receipt of the Exchequer; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, cause a sufficient Number of the said Lifts or Schedules to be deposited at some convenient Place or Places in the Cities of London or Westminster (whereof Notice shall from Time to Time be given in the London Gazette)> to be distributed amongst: the several Persons lawfully entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Annuities, by some Person or Persons to be appointed by the (kid Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer respectively, for that Purpose i

544

Officers of the Xxch=quer taking Feel to iorteit I cl.

and misapplying Money, to be incapacitated, fcc.

'Officer! pa>ing Annuit es upon forged Ceilifi-cates, unknowingly, not to in* cur any Penalty,

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

C. 41 - 44. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Purpose; and he and they so to be appointed is and are hereby respectively required from Time to Time, yearly and every Year, to deliver (gratis) to every Person or Persons so entitled, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, upon Demand, one of the said Lifts or Schedules, to the Intent that the several Nominees may be known, and that there maybe no Concealment of the Death of any of them, so that the Persons entitled to the said Annuities, whose Nominees shall survive, may have the Benefit thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken by any Officer of the Exchequer for paying the said Life Annuities, or any of them, or for the Entry of any Alignment thereof to be made in pursuance of this Act, or for any Thing hereby directed to be done at the Exchequer, upon Pain that any Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit; and in case the Officers of the Exchequer shall misapply or divert any of the Monies to be paid into the Exchequer upon this Act, or shall pay or issue out the same otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep such Books or Registers, or make Entries, and do and perform all other Things which by this Act they are directed and required to do and perform, every such Offender shall forfeit his Place, and be for ever after incapable of holding any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever; and if the Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to whom any such Annuity or Annuities shall belong, shall any ways fusser thereby, he, she, or they respectively shall be entitled to treble Damages against such Officer or Officers, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Officer of the Exchequer shall make Payment of any Share or Shares of the said Annuities upon Lives, upon any such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, such Officer shall not incur any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Disability, though the said Certificate be forged or false, or the said Nominee be dead, unless the said Officer did know, at the Time of such Payment, that the said Nominee was dead, or that the said Certificate was forged or false.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons fh til and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for applying the Sum of one thousand Pounds out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards completing and finishing the Bridge over the Pees or Pass of Gockburr.jputby in the County of Berwick.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the Harbours of the fnvn of Greenock; for Supplying the Inhabitants with fresh and whohjome Water\ and for pavings cieersing, lighting* and watching the Streets and other Bub lick Places within the said Town.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for paving the Footways of the several Streets, publick Passages, and Places, within the Town of Chelmsford, and Hamlet of Aloulflmm, in the Parish of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex\ and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Town and Hamlet; and for removing and preventing Nui-fauces, Annoyances, and Incroachments therein.

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 45, 545

CAP. XLV.

An Act for amending and continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for discontinuing, for limited the several Duties

payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wnjh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof j and for better regulating the Exportation of Briuto-made Spirits from hngland to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his, " to discontinue, for a

*c limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof

and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British and for difeonti-

nning, for a limited Time, certain Impojls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits -

portedfrom the West Indies*," and to revive and continue the said last mentioned Act.

Preamble*, al Geo. 3. c«4&.

ud for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof $ and f or better regulating the Exportation of British-/wWtf Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue for a limited Timey an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low (Vines and Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Timey certain Impqjls and Duties,

upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indiesit was enacted, That for the making unto the PartofChuft Redifiers and Compounders of Spirits a fair Allowance for that Increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or 6r. and CUufet* 4 Fruit, which is necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consumption, there should be allowed Permits for 63, 64,^nd 65;

the fending out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and recite forty-two Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British Spirits or Compounds, for every one hundred Gallons of Raw British Spirits which they respectively should have received from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers), of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or which they should respectively have made at the Strength last aforesaid; and that, within thirty Days next after the Commencement of that Act, and afterwards once in every three Months at the least, the Officers of Excise (house} take an Account of the Stock of British Brandy, redified British Spirits, Raw British Spirits, Compounds and other British Spirits, of all and every Rectifier and Rectifiers, and Compounder and Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not);

and if, on taking any such Account, the Stock so taken, added to the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits should have been granted to such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders,.

since the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, should be found to exceed the*

Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock, at the Time of the taking the last preceding Account of such Stock by the Officer or Officers of Excise, added to the Quantity*

since received by Permit from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers of British Spirits), at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or made by such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, at the Strength last aforesaid, with the Allowance:

of forty-two Gallons on every one hundred Gallons so made or received, calling or computing such.

Stock at the Strength of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal 10 the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess should be forfeited, and should and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons, in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess should be eifeovered or found, should also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and that no Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirit?, should fell’

or send out any British Brandy, British redified Spirits, British Compounds, or other british Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof; and if any such*

Redifiers or Rectifier, or Compounders or Compounder, should lell or send out any British Brandy,

British redified Spirits, British Compounds, or other british Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, all such British Brandy, British red:fied'

Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, should be forfeited, and should and might b^ seized.,

by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the lame respectively; and that if, on taking any such Account of the Stock of any such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, it should appear that such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, has or have not actually made use of the Whole of the said Allowance, so by that Act granted, so much thereof as should appear not to have been made use of, deducting therefrom so much*

as would be sufficient to reduce the Stock then found on Hand to the Strength of one in fix under Hydro-

% n^cterr

54®

and repealed*

Permits to bt allowed Redi-sien at the Rate of 140 Gallons for every 100 Gallons of raw Uriiifli Spirits.

Officers to take n Account of the Stock of Rectifiers, in the Mannrr herein specified; tild if any Excess in the Quantity be found, it may he feistd,

If ReAifien fell Spirits of a greater. Strength than one in fix under Hydrometer Proof) they may be feixed, with the Vessels.

If any Part of the Allowance granted by this Ack Hull appear sot to have been tifed, it shall be taken from the Rectifier's Credit.

% Geo. 3. c. 46. Clauses 79 and So, recited.

C. 45. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

meter Proof, should be cut off from his, her, or their Credit: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Clauses;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and for the mating unto the Rectifiers and Compounders of Spirits a fair Allowance for that increase by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which is necessary to render their Spirits fit for Consumption, there shall be allowed Permits for the fending out any Number of Gallons, not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of one hundred and forty-two Gallons of British Brandy, rectified British Spints or Compounds, for every one hundred Gallons of raw British Spirits which they respectively shall have received from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers). of the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer Proof, or which they shall respectively have made at the strength last aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, within thirty Days next after the Commencement of this Act, and afterwards once in every three Months at the lead, the Officers of Excise shall take an Account of the Stock of British Brandy, redlihed British Spirits, raw British Spirits, Compounds, and other British Spirits, of all and every Rectifier and Rectifiers, and Compounder and Compounders of Spirits (whether a Maker or Makers of Spirits or not); and if, on taking any such Account, the Stock so taken, added to the Quantity of Spirits for which Permits shall have been granted to such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, since the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock, shall be found to exceed the Quantity of Spirits found by the Officer or Officers of Excise in such Stock at the Time of taking the last preceding Account of such Stock by the Officer or Officers of Excise, added to the Quantity since received, by^ Permit, from any Distiller or Distillers of British Spirits (not being a Rectifier or Rectifiers of British Spirits), at the Strength of one to ten over Hydrometer rroof* or made by such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, at the Strength last aforesaid, with the Allowance of forty-two Gallons on every one hundred Gallons io made or received, calling or computing such Stock at the Strength of one in four and seven Sixteenths under Hydrometer Proof, a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall be forfeited, and shall and may be lcized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons, in whose Stock such Quantity of Spirits so found in Excess shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits shall fell or send out any British Brandy, British rectified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof; and if any such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, shall fell or send out any British Brandy, British rediified Spirits, British Compounds, or other British Spirits, of any greater or higher Degree of Strength than that of one in fix under Hydrometer Proof, all such British Brandy, British rectified Spirits, Britip) Compounds, Or other British Spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the lame respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if on taking any such Account of the Stock of any such Rectifier or Rectifiers, oj; Compounder or Compounders, it shall appear that such Rectifier or Rectifiers, or Compounder or Compounders, has or have not actually made use of the Whole of the said Allowance so by this Act granted, so much thereof as shall appear not to have been made use of, de-dudting therefrom so much as will be sufficient to reduce the Stock then found on Hand to the Strength of one in four and seven Sixteenths under Hydrometer Proof, shall be cut off from his, fier, or their Credit; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas by the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty it was also enacted, That the several Duties of Excise, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year rf the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise,

and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Drnies composing the public Revenue \ for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,

the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the F rench King, into this Kingdom, and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National D^/; imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the lame; and for or in respect of Cyder or Perry,

or other Wash, or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for

Home Consumption, should be, and the same were thereby severally and respectively continued from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, until and upon the hfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and that the said Duties should severally and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective Makers and Distillers of such Wort, Wash, Cyder, Perry, or other Liquor respectively, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures,

as the said Duties by the said Act imposed, and thereby continued, were severally and reflectively payable

547

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 4?, 46.

by Law, under or by virtue of the salt! Ael, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament In force at and immediately before the passing of the said Act; and that the said hist-mentioned Act, except such Parts thereof as were expressly altered, controlled, or repealed by the said Act, should, from and immediately after the fifty Day o{July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, be revived and continued; and the same was thereby revived and continued in full Force and Effect: until and upon the firth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine: And whereas it is expedient to n peal the said last-recited Clauses; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last-recited Clauses shall be, and the same arw hereby repealed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Excise by the said Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Walh, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumpcion from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tills, or any Mixture with the same; and for or in respect of Cyder or Perry, or other Walh or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for HomeCon-f umption; and for or in reflect of fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Meluflcs or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; and for or in respect of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign rcfuled Wine, or foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from foreign Materials except lYlcfafiis and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively continued from the fifth Hay o ('July one thousand ("even hundred and eighty-nine, until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and the said Duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective iViakers and Distillers of such Wort, Wash, Cyder, Peiry, or other Liquor respectively, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as the said Duties by the said A<5fc imposed, and hereby continued, were severally and respectively payable by Law, under or by virtue of the said Act, made in the twemy-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discon-iinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Loiv Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, sind for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending liriti fh Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Im-fqjls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the W eft indies; or any other Act or Act of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of his said Majesty's Reign.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, except such Parts thereof as are repugnant to the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and also the said Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, except such Parts thereof as are expressly repealed by this Act, shall, from and immediately after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be revived and continued, and the same rdnectivdy are hereby revived, and shall continue in lull Force and Effect until and upon the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for preventing the wilfully burning or destroying Ships, and the wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk, Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements prepared for or used in the Manufacture thereof, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

and repealed.

Duties imposed by 17 Geo. 3. c. 13 on Wash mace in En«l>-nd for extracting Spirit) for Home Cor firm ptir-n, to be continued to July $, 1790.

16 Geo. J.e. 7j. except where repugnant to sS Geo. 3. c. 46. and the Utter Ad, except such Parts as are hereby repealed, to be revived, and continued till July 5> 179*.

[Preamble.]

4 Geo. 1. c. 11.

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen, whether an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for inflidling the Punishment of Death on such as shall wilfully burn or destroy Ships;

11 Geo. 1. c. 29.

and another Act, made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, for explaining and amending the same;

22 Geo. 1. c. 40.

and an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for punishing Persons wilfully and maliciously destroying any Woollen, Silk,

Linen, or Cotton Goods, or any Implements pt\ pared for or used in the Manufacture thereof; do extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or in what Manner, and to what Extent, Persons guilty of the said Crimes may be convicted and punished there :9 May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Owner of, or Captain, Master. Officer, or Mariner belonging to any After Sept. 1, Ship or Vessel, shall, alter the first Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty- any

nine, wilfully cast away, burn, or otherwise destroy, the Ship or Vessel of which he is Owner, or to which ^eOroX^tny he belonged), or in any wise direct or procure the same to be done, with Intent or Design to prejudice any vt ird, with in-Person or Persons that hath or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or of any Mer- tent to defraud chant or Merchants that shall load Goods therein, or of any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, the Underwriter?, Person or Persons offending therein, being thereof lawfully convicted before any Court competent to the >nJ be, VL Trial of such Crimes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall suffer Death, as in other Cases of U^SwUnd," Capital Crimes. to suffer Death*

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the first *, ajf0 persona Day of September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, by Day or by Night, break entering forcibly

into toy House

S4-8

with an Intent to destroy any Wnoilcn Goods in ihi Loom, &c. i

nd likewise f-erfont forcibly enter n* in*o any House with »n Intern to destroy any Veltet, A-c. in the Loom, &c. j

nd also Persons Io entrrirve with an Intent to destroy any Linen or Cotron in the Loom, &c.

PtCATibU*

From July 5, 1789, the /olio* in£ additional annual Duties to be paid, via White two H are kept for rding,®r for drawing any

C. 46-:—49. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut or destroy any Serge

or other Woollen Goods in the Loom, or any 'Fools employed in making thereof, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any such Serges or Woolion Goods in the Loom or on the Rack, or shall burn, cut* or destroy any Rack on which any such Serges or other Woollen Goods are hanged in order to dry, or shall Wilfully and maliciously break or destroy any 'Fools used in the making any such Serges or other Woollen Goods, not having the Conient of the Owner so to do, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, before the Court of Justiciary, or any Circuit Court, shall suffer Death as in other Cases of Capital Crimes.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, by Day or by Night, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Snop, with Intent to cat or destroy any Velvet, Wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Manufacture in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any Velvet, Wrought Silk, or Silk mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Manufacture in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils prepared or employed in or for the making thereof, or shall wilfully or maliciously break or destroy any Tools, Tackle, or Utensils used in or for the Veavin^ or making of any such Velvet, Wrought Silks, or Silks mixed with any other Materials, or other Silk Goods, or bilk Manufacture, not having the Consent of the Owner so to do, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall suffer Death, as in other Cases of Capital Crimes.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, by Day or by Night, after the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, break into any House or Shop, or enter by Force into any House or Shop, with Intent to cut and destroy any Linen or Cotton, or Linen and Cotton mixed with any other Materials, or other Linen or Cotton, Manufactures in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, or Utensils, or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any Linen or Cotton, or Linen or Cotton mixed with any other Materials, or other Linen and Cotton Manufacture, in the Loom, or any Warp or Shute, Tools, Tackle, and Utensils prepared for or employed in the making thereof, or shall wilfully and maliciously break and defttoy any Tools, Tackle, or Utensils used in or for the carding, spinning, weaving, preparing, or making, in any Way whatever, any such Linen or Cotton, or Linen or Cotton mixed with any other Materials, or other Linen and Cotton Goods, or Linen and Cotton Manufactures whatsoever. not having the Consent of the Owner so to do, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted as aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall suffer Death as in other Cases of Capital Crimes.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining thereto, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for constituting the Church of Saint Giles, in the Parish of Pontefract, in the County of York, the Parish Church; and for other Purposes.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Rates and Duties upon Horses and Carriages with four Wheels; and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain Carriages with two or three Wheels, therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have freely granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the several additional Duties herein after mentioned shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain; that is to say.

That every Person who shall keep and use two Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage, for or in respect whereof any Rate or Duty heretofore under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and now transferred to and under the Management of the Commissioners for the

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49.

the Affairs of Taxes* is payable, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or hereafter may be called or known, dull be charged with an additional annual Duty of five Shillings for one of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings:

That every Person who shall keep and use three, four* or five Horses, Mares, or Geldings, and no more, for the Purpose of riding, or drawing any such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other such Carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever Name or Names such Carriages no*/ are or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with an additional annual Duty of seven Shillings and Sixpence for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of one:

That every Person who shall keep and use fix or more Horses, Mares, or Geldings for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any such Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or other such Carriage as aforesaid, by whatsoever Name or Names such Carriages new are or hereafter may be called or known, shall be charged with and pay an additional annual Duty of ten Shillings for each such Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exceeding the Number of one:

That every Person who shall keep one Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or Caravan, for his or her own Use, or to be let out to hire, other than and except such Carriages as are already licensed, or hereafter may by Law be licensed by his Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches, shall be charged with and pay an additional yearly Sum of twenty Shillings, in respect of such one Coach or Carriage as aforesaid:

That every Person who shall keep two Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, Chaise Marines, Chaises with four Wheels, or Caravans, or two of any such Carriages, for his or her own Use, or to be let out to Hire, other than and except such Carriages as are already licensed, or hereafter may by Law be licensed by his Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches, shall be charged with an additional annual Duty of twenty Shillings for one of such Carriages, and an additional yearly Sum of two Pounds for every other of such Carriages:

That every Person who shall keep three or more Coaches, Berlins, Landaus, Chariots, Calashes, Chaise Marines, Chaises with four Wheels, or Caravans, or three or more of any such Carriages, for his or her own Use, or to be let out to Hire, other than and except such as are already licensed, or hereafter may by Law be licensed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Hackney Coaches, shall be charged with and pay an additional yearly Sum of twenty Shillings for one of such Carriages, and an additional yearly Sum of three Pounds for every other of such Carriages,

II. Provided always nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the said several yearly Sums hereby respectively charged upon Horses and Carriages as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above, and in Addition to any former Duties charged upon Horses and Carriages, and now placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: Provided also, That no I)uty shall be imposed, ailefled, or levied by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, not liable to the Duty imposed on Horses, Mares, and Geldings, by an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Horses kept for the Purpose of Riding; and on Horses fed in drawing certain Carriages, in respeti whereof any Duty of Excise is made payable \ but that every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, exempted therefrom, either by the said Act, or any subsequent Act relating thereto, shall also be exempted from the additional Duties by this Act impoltd \ any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas Doubts have arisen on whom the Duties imposed by the said Act of the twenty- fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty should be chargeable in respect of Horses let out by the Year. Month, or other Period, for the Purpose of drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, or any other Carriage herein-before enumerated be it enacted, That in every such Case the said Duties, together with those imposed by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be chargeable on, and paid by the Person or Persons respectively by whom such Horses shall be hired and uled.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Lid additional Rates or Duties oirCarriages by this Act imposed, any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise with four Wheels, or Caravan, let to Hire for the Purpose of travelling Poll for a Day, or any lcls Period of Time, or by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, by any Postmaster, Innkeeper, or other Person duly licenkd to let Post Horses by the said Commissioners for managing the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and whereon the Name and Place of Abode of the Person so licensed shall be marked or painted, Recording to the Directions of the Act in that Cale made and provided; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. 4 And whereas by the said Act, passed in the twenty - fourth Year of the Reign of his present Ma- jelfv, it was enacted and provided. That every Person exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, and who should take out a Licence to use and exercise the said Trade and Business (to be granted by any two or more of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or feme Person duly authorised by them), should be exempted from the Duties granted by the said Act in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, belonging to, and kept for Sale, and not for Hire, in the Stables of such Dealer in Horses, licensed in pursuance of that Act: And whereas the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties are not prohibited by the said Act from granting Licences to any Person or Persons applying for the same, although such Person or Persons may not actually exercise the

5+9

Cojfh, &c. 5?. for cnc of them i

whrre thrrr, four, or five are kept, 7*. 6J. for e^ea exceeding one j

and where fir or rrore are kept, icf. for each exceeding one.

Where one Coach, or other Carriage with four Wheel*. i» kept (H.ickney Coaches excepted), 108.

Where two Co.uher, Ac, are kepr, 201. for one, and 40$ for the o.her j

and where tluce or more are kept, 203. for one, and 3l. for each of the othen.

Dutiea to be paid in Addition to former Dutief*

bat not to extend to Horsei exempted from Duty by 24 Geo. 3. c. ) or any fu-bfe-quest Alt.

Du'ie* inoposed by 24 Geo. 3. anc by this Act, on H rfei let cut ny the Year for drawing Coach, &c. to be paid by the Hirer*. Additional Duties not to eat rend to Carriage* let out to travil Post, by any Person lire n led to Set Poll Hone*.

55° C. 49. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

From July 5,

I7S0, no Li-c-t'.rc :o be g» n'ed to «xcr-cifc ihr Bi.sint fa of a Horse Dealer vmheot the Pi or option of a Declaration aa herein mentioned.

If H°rre Desirrs k-ep for

filling or drawing, and neglect t give in a List theieo*, the Allessors may charge the Dufy for such Number as from Information they learn are so kept.

Dufiei to be paid quarterly, the first Payment on Oct.

10, 17x9.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and errried to the Consolidated Fund.

Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act;* be it therefore

farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or for any Person authorised by them, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to use and exercise the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, unless such Person Hull produce to the said Commissioners, or the Person authorised by them, a Declaration in Writing, signed by him or them reflectively, that he or they doth or do leek his or their Living by buying and kliing of Hones, and shall, in the said Declaration, let forth the particular Place and Places where such Trade and l»ufinds is to be exercised and carried on; and every Licence granted, or to be granted, to any Person or Persons other than to such as shall seek his or their Living by buy ing and felling Ilcrles, shall be wholly void and of no Effect; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the several Persons to be appointed A fie dors under the Authority of the said several Acts, or any of them, shall, upon due Examination, find that any Person to whom a Licence to exercise the Trade and Bufinds of an Horse Dealer hath been granted, doth k<tcp and use any Horse or Horses for the Purpose of riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any such Carriage as aforesaid, and not for Sale, within the Limits of the Places for whion such Assessors are to act; and such Person so licensed shall, upon due Notice having been given, neglect or refuse to make out, lign, and deliver, according to the Directions of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, a true List in Writing of the Number of such Horses so kept and used by him or her within such Limits as aforesaid, liable to the said several Duties on Horses, or shall omit any such Horse or Horses in such Lift, then such Assessor or Assessors shall be at Liberty, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required, from the best Information he or they can obtain, to make a true Assessment upon such Person so licensed, and to charge him or her for and in respect of the real Number of Horses which shall be kept and used by him or her for the Purpose of Riding, or for the Purpose of drawing any such Carriage as aforesaid, notwithstanding such Licence to him or her so granted, or any Thing in this or the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall be paid Quarterly, on the four most usual Days of Payment of such Duties in the Year; thut is to lay, the fifth Day of January, the fifth Day of April, the fifth Day of July, and the tenth Day of October, in every Year, by equal Portions; the first Payment thereupon to be made on the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

Vill. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) mail, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt c/f the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

Duties to be

IX. And be it further enacted, That the new Duties charged by this Act on Horses and on Carriages

raised, &c. »c- shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected, and received by such Persons, in such and the like Form and

D^tafonsot 25 Manner, and with such Allowances, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and with such

Geo. 3. c. 47. Power for recovering and enforcing the same, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are itc. prescribed or appointed for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying, the former Duties on Horses and Carriages respectively, by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for transferring the Receipt tind Management of certain Duties therein mentionedr from the Commissioners of Excise and the Commissioners of Stamps respectively, to the Com/nifoners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect of the said Duties so transferred; or by any other Act or Acts therein recited or referred to, or by any other Law now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenues upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, or either of them, and which by the said Act of the N twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, or by any subsequent Act, is made applicable or referable to the

find former Duties on Horses and Carriages, or either of them; and all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, now in force, contained in the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, 01 in any Act or Acts therein recited or referred to relative to the Duties on Horses and Carriages, or either of them, or in any subsequent Act relating thereto, for assessing, raising, levying, and paying, the Rates and Duties by the said Acts, or any of them, granted, shall be in full Force, and be duly observed and pracliled and put in Execution, throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, for assessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties by this Act directed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes (so far as such Provisions shall be applicable to the said Duties hereby granted, and are not altered by this Act), as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, and Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this Act.

The Comrmf.

X. And be it further enacted, That, for the better Execution of this Act, and for the ordering, raising, fu nds for put- levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties hereby granted, the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or tion Aa iVceo. IMll be authorised or appointed hereafter for putting in execution the said herein-before mentioned Act 3°"o put this in of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, concerning the said Duties on Horses and Carriages in execution* and that Act mentioned, or any Duties placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Aftairs of to ft old ii»cir Taxes, shall be Commissioners for putting in execution this prefcnf Act, and the Powers herein con-ftr> Meetingon^ tained, in all the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, a ui J-J17 10, 17 9 > places, for which they are or shall be appointed respectively, within Great Britain; and the said Com-irufiioners, in order to the speedy Execution of this Act, and for the Purpose of levying the Duties by or*

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49. 5S1

Act imposed, shall, in their respective Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places, in Which they are or shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet for the first Time on or before the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and afterwards in like Manner meet yearly and every Year, at such Days or Times as the said Commissioners for the Time being shall think proper to appoint, before the thirtieth Day of April yearly, and shall then divide themselves to act in separate Districts, and proceed in the Execution of this present Act for assessing, railing, levying, and collecting, the Duties hereby granted as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner, and under the same Regulations and Directions, as are prescribed by the before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, with respect to the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, except in such Cases in which any Alteration is made in this Act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if by any Neglect or Default there shall not have and In Default

been a Meeting of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of the several Powers by this or the said of thfir ,hen Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty created, within of at the Time or Times, or accord- at

ing to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in and by the present or the said Act of the #nj ^cher^Time. twenty-fifth Year aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any two or more of

them, in all the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, and Places in Great Britain respectively, wherein such Default shall have happened, to meet at any other Time or Times, and from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion; and such Commissioners are hereby required, as soon as may be after the Time or Times so prescribed, to meet in order to execute the said Powers; and such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required forthwith, or as soon as may be, after the Time or Times at which such Meeting shall have been held according to the Directions of this present Act, to execute the same and the Powers therein contained, so as the said Rates and Duties charged by this Act be duly and effectually charged, ruifed, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sur-cessors, for the Uses in this Act mentioned, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect; and all such Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in No Commis-the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained (except in administering the Oath of fi‘nw«oaftull Qualification herein expressed), until he shall have first taken, besides the several Oaths required to be taken thefollowin'* by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, an Oath in the following Manner; that is to say,

[Oath.]

I A.B. do swear. That I will truly and faithfully execute the Office of a Commissioner, and will determine all Appeals which shall be brought before me, to the best of my Skill and Judgment, pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that Behalf,

'So help me GOD "

Which Oath any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, Shire, City, or Place, where the Alfeffittcnt is to be made, are hereby authorised to administer; and if any Person shall act as a Commissioner for putting this Act in execution (except as aforesaid), before he shall have taken such Oath as aforesaid, he shall, for every such Ostence, forfeit one hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be inserted in the Precepts to be from Time to Time directed by them to the Inhabitants of Parishes or Places within their respective Districts or Divisions, whom they shall think fit to be Presentors or Assessors under the said before-mentioned Acts, or any of them, that such Persons are also appointed Assessors of the additional Duties on Hoi fes and Carriages in this Act contained.

XIV. And, for the more effectually levying and collecting the Duties imposed by this Act, be it further enacted, That if at any Time there shall be a Neglect to appoint Assessors for the said Duties on Horses and Carriages, or any the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, under the Management of the said Commissioners, or if the Assessors appointed shall neglect to perform what is required of them by this or the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, then, and in that Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, appointed or to be appointed under the Authority of the said Act of the twenty-fifth of his present Majesty, or any of the said Acts relative thereto, or to any of the Duties on He uses, and Windows, or Lights, thereby and therein referred to, juid they are hereby required to do and perform such and the like Services as by this Act is required of such Afilflbrs.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, or any Surveyor or Inspector hereby authorised to act in the Execution of the said Office or Employment, shall take and subscribe, besides the Oaths or solemn Affirmations to be taken or made and subscribed by Assessors, by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relative to the said Duties, an Oath, or, being one of the People called ^takers, a solemn Affirmation, in the following Form; (that is to say,)

"I A.B. do swear (or affirm, as the Case may requireJ, That in the Assessment which lam required to Oath, make in pursuance of the Act of Parliament in that Case made and provided, I will aft without Fa- your or Affection, and according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge.

'So help me GOD."

on Penalty of 100l.

Commissionert to give Notice to the A (Teflon of their Af-pointment.

If no Assessor* are appointed, or they neglect their Duty, the Sui veyort or I^spefton under 2)5 Geo. 3. to act as Assessuri.

Such Surveyort and Inspectora to take the following

552

before they act, on Penalty of aoU

Duties to be levied according Vo Li As made out parfuant to *5 Geo. 3.

tin left Omissions are di (cohered, and then A Met furs are to make a Surcharge.

First A fit Ament to be for ihree-louiths of a Year, from Tuly 5, 1789, and afterwards yearly.

Carriage* with two or three Wheel?, if used for Pleasure, and not generally for Husbandry or Trade, to be liable to the Duty imposed bj *5 Geo. 3., and if not so entered, the Owners to forfeit 7l. for each \

wh'ub may be levitd by Dif-trcft.

Application of Penalty,

Constables to * did in the

C. 49. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Which Oath or Affirmation any two or more of the Commissioners, in the County, Shire, Stewartry, City, or Place respectively where the Assessments are to be made, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and it any Person so appointed or to be appointed, or hereby authorised to act as Assessor, Surveyor, or In-speftor, shall nrefume to act in the Execution of the said Office or Employment before he shall have taken the aforesaid Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be, he shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act granted shall and may, from Time to Time, be assessed, levied, and paid according to such Lifts in Writing of the Number of Horses and Carriages liable to the said Duties, as shall be kept or used by any Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall from Time to Time be delivered to any such Affefior or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors respectively, in pursuance of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, and according to the Number of Horses and Carriages respectively contained therein, unless such Assessor, Surveyors, or Inspectors respectively, shall find, upon due Examination thereof, that any Hotfe or Horses, Carriage or Carriages, is or are omitted in such List or Lists, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Assessors, Surveyors, and Inspectors respectively, and they^and every and each of them shall and may, and they are hereby required to surcharge the same, and to make a true Assessment upon every Person keeping or using such Horses and Carriages, according to, and under such Rules and Orders, Regulations, Penalties and Allowances, as are in the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, or any Act therein recited or referred to, prescribed, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the first Assessment made under this Act, of the additional Duties on Horses sgid Carriages hereby granted, shall be made for three Quarters of a Year, from the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; and afterwards the said Assessments of the said Duties shall be made for one Year, from the fifth Day of April in every Year.

XVIII. And whereas by the before-mentioned Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, it was, among other Things, enacted, That the yearly Sum of three Pounds ten Shillings should be paid for and upon every Calash, Chaise, or Chair with two or three Wheels, or by whatsoever Name such Carriages should or might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses that should be kept by or for any Person or Persons, for his or their Use, or to be let out to hire: And whereas several Carriages are constructed and used for the Purposes of Pleasure, and are entered and paid for as Carts or Carriages liable to a smaller Duty, by virtue of an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Waggons, wains,

Carts, and other such Carriages, not charged with any Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and the Names of the Proprietors or Owners of the said Carriages are sometimes put thereon in order to evade the Payment of the higher Duties granted, to his Majesty by the before-mentioned Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, greatly to the Detriment of his Majesty's Revenue be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Carriage or Carriages with two or three Wheels, by whatsoever Name or Names such Carriages now are or hereafter may be called or known, to be drawn by one or more Horses, which shall be used at any Time for the Carriage or Conveyance of Persons, and not generally used in the Affairs of Husbandry, or for the Carriage of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Place to Place in the Way of Trade, shall be deemed a Carriage and Carriages within the Meaning of the said Act of the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, and shall be entered and paid for accordingly; any LHage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, at any Time, any Person or Persons, to whom such Carriage or Carriages with two or three Wheels as aforesaid shall belong, shall not have entered the same according to the Rules, Regulations, and Directions contained in the said Act of the twenty-

i fifth Year of his present Majesty, or any Act or Acts therein recited or referred to, so far as the same shall be applicable to the Duties on Carriages with two and three Wheels, such Person or Persons to whom such Carriage or Carriages shall belong, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of seven Pounds for every such Carriage so used, over and above all Expences in prosecuting for the same, upon Proof of the Offence before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; which Oath the said Justice or Justices, to whom such Information shall be given, are hereby authorised and required to administer; and in case of Non-payment, the said Justice or Justices are hereby also required to levy the said Penalties by Distrefe and Sale of the k Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices; and the Overplus of the Money raised, after deducting the Penalty and Costs, and the Expences of Distrtfs and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner; and the said Justice or Justices shall pay one Moiety of the said Penalty to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Col left ors appointed by the Commissioners authorised or appointed, or hereafter to be authorised or appointed, for putting in execution this Drefent Act, for the Parish or Place wherein the Person or Persons, to whom such Carriage or Carnages shall belong, shall reside \ and the said Justice or Justices shall render an Account thereof in Writing, (taring the Name and Place of Abode of such Persons respectively from whom the Money has been so received, in order that the said Commissioners may fee the same duly added to the Assessment of the respective Parish or Place to which the same may belong.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Constables, Headboroughs, Tithingmen, and other his Majesty's Officers, shall and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and af&sting in the Execution

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 49, 50.

ecution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants as shall be to them directed in that Behalf, by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any of them,

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, raolefted, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. L

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Newspapers, Advertisements, and on Cards and Dice.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray your Majesty's publick Expences, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned ;* and do most humbly belecch your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties following; (that is to say,)

For and upon every Newspaper, or Paper containing Publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrence, printed in Great Britain to be difperied or made publick, whether the same be contained in Half a Sheet, or any less Piece of Paper, or in any Paper larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, upon every Sheet and Half Sheet thereof, there shall be charged, over and above all other Rates and Duties by any Act of Parliament imposed, an additional Duty of one Halfpenny:

For every Advertisement, to be contained in or published with any Newspaper or Pamphlet whatsoever, printed in Great Britain to be dispersed or made publick, over and above all other Rates and Duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged an additional Duty of Sixpence:

For every Pack of Playing Cards, made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, over and above the Duties now payable thereon, the Sum of Sixpence:

And for and upon every Pair of Dice, made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, over and above the Duties now payable thereon, the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence: Such respective Duties to be paid by the Makers of such Cards and Dice respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That* for the mors effc Aual levying, collecting, and paying all the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under fire Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the ime being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Pumofe, and to cause such new Stamps to be provided, to denote the Paid several additional Duties, as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all oth$r Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in execution, with relation to the said several Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner, as they or the major Part of them are authorised to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Paper, or Cards, or Dice.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps or Marks upon Newspapers, and upon Cards and Dice^ on which several Duties are, by several Acts of Parliament, imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, instead of distinct Stamps or Marks to denote the several Duties on the said Newspapers, and on Cards and Dice charged therewith, to cause, if they fee Occasion, one new Stamp to be provided to denote the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, on every such Newspaper, and upon every Pack of Playing Cards and Pair of Dice, charged with the said several Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Paper, liable to the Duties hereby charged on Newspapers, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or written upon, be brought to the Head Office for stamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by themselves or by their Officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand made by any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of Paper as shall be brought to them for that Purpose, the Persons lb bringing the lame paying to the Receiver General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act.

553

Execution of this Act.

[General Issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Preamble.]

From Aug, t, 1789, the following additional Duties to be levied, vis.

On every Newspaper one Halfpenny t

On every Advertisement in a Newspaper or Pamphlet, 6d. On every Pack of Cards, 6d. And on every Pair of Dice, at. 6d.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissionera of Stamps*

who may provide oncf Stamp) to denote the former and the additional Duties.

Paper liable to the Duty, to be stamped before printed upon.

554

Allowance for ptompt I’ayment ol Duties on Cards and Dice to be made.

8'amps may be altered and renewed.

No Allowance to be made for cancelled Kewf-paper!.

but an Abste-ment shall be nude at the Rate of 4l. in icol. on paying at one Time rol, or upwards for Stamps.

Hawkers letting oat Papers to forfeit 5l.

5 Geo. 3.C. 46. recited.

Proprietors of Newspapers to join in the Security required by the recited Act, for Payment of the Duties on Advcmfcmcjitt.

If Advertisements be printed before such Se-

C. 50. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Allowance shall be made* on present Payment of the said several Duties on Cards and Dice, in such Manner as by any former Law relating to Cards and Dice is allowed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Commissioners are hereby directed and authorised to provide and use to denote the several Duties on Cards and Dice, and on Newspapers, shall and may be altered and renewed from Time to Time, in such Manner as any other Stamps, under the Management of the said Commissioners, are, by any former Law relating to stamptd Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who shall have in their Custody or Possession any Paper marked with any Stamp or Mark, before the same shall have been so altered or renewed, or on which the same being already damped or marked with a Stamp or Mark denoting any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be imprefied, shall have the like Remedy and Allowance as by any former Law relating to stamped Paper is, in like cases, directed.

VII. And whereas the making Allowances on the cancelling of Newspapers remaining unsold in the Hands of the respective Printers and Publishers as now used, has been found injurious to the Revenue \ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, it shall not be lawful for the said Commissionersv or their Officers appointed by them, to cancel, or cause to be cancelled, any Stamps upon any Copies or Impressions of such Newspapers as aforesaid, under Pretence of their remaining unsold in the Hands of the Printers, Publishers, or Proprietors thereof; nor to make any Allowance on Account of the same, or of the present Payment of any of the said Duties; other than such as is herein after mentioned $ any former Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas it is nevertheless expedient to compensate the Printers, Publishers, and Proprietors of such Newspapers, for the Loss that may happen on damaged Newspapers, or in printing more Copies of Newspapers than may be sold;’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the said Commissioners shall allow and pay, to every Person who shall bring at any one Time to the Head Office of Stamps to be stamped, or buy of the said Commissioners, or their Agents, at the said Head Office, Paper stamped with the respective Duties on Newspapers, the Duties whereof shall amount to the Sum of ten Pounds or upwards, at and after the Rate of four Pounds in the hundred Pounds, upon present Payment of the said Duties upon the said Paper, so by them brought or bought of the said Commissioners; which Allowance, at and after the Rate aforesaid, shall be in lieu and in (lead of all former Allowances directed to be made by any former Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever.

IX. And whereas an Usage prevails amongst the Hawkers of Newspapers and other Persons, instead of 4* felling the Newspapers, to let out the same for small Sums to be read by different Persons, whereby the Sale of Newspapers is greatly obstructed;’ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, if any Hawker of any Newspaper, or other Person, shall let out any Newspaper for Hire to any Person or Persons, or to different Persons or from House to House, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any other Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered and applied by any Law now in force relating to the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

X. And whereas by an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admijfons into Corporations or Companies, and for furtherfearring and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, reciting two several Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties, the one thereof made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other thereof made in the second Year of his present Majesty, and that the Primers and Publishers only, and not the Proprietors of Newspapers, and other Papers and Pamphlets, were subject and liable to the Duties on Advertisements, whereby great Lodes happened to the Revenue; 4 it was thereby enacted, that from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty- five, neither the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, nor any Person employed by them, should fell or deliver any stamped Paper for printing any Pamphlet, or any publick News, Intelligence, or Occur- rences to be contained in any one Sheet or any Idler Piece of Paper, unless the Person applying for the same should first give Security to his Majesty for the Payment of the Duties for the Advertisements which should be printed therein or thereupon: And whereas the Provision contained in the said Act is not sufficient for the Security of the said Duty on Advertisements be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, no Printer or Publisher of any Newspaper now printed or published, or which may hereafter be printed or published, in which any Advertisements, liable to the several Duties by this or any former Act or Acts imposed, shall be inserted, shall receive from the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them, any stam|*d Paper for printing any such Intelligence or Occurrence thereon, until the Proprietor or Proprietors m-terested in the said Paper, or such and so many of the said Proprietors as are in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, of sufficient Ability to answer the said Duties payable on Advertisements, shall join in the Security directed to be given by the said herein-before recited Act of the fifth Year of his present Majesty? for the punctual Payment of the said Duties, payable on such Advertisements at the respective Times in that Act appointed 5 and in case any Printer or Publisher shall print or publish, or cause to be printed or published, any Advertisement in any such Newspaper, before he shall have delivered in the Name or Names of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and such Proprietor or Proprietors,

A.D. 1779. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 50.

or so many of them as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary, shall have given Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of the frvera! Duties payable on Advertisements which shall be printed therein or thereupon, he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

XI. And in order the more effectually to compel the Payment of all Arrears of the said Duties on Advertisements, as they shall respectively from Time to Time arise and grow due,’ be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners*, from Time to Time, as often as the said Duties payable for Advertisements shall be in Arrear and unpaid for the Space of thirty Days after the Printing or Publication thereof, shall cause to be delivered to the Printer or Publisher of such Newspaper, or left at the most usual House or Place for printing such Newspaper, a true Account in Writing of all the Sums of Money which shall, from Time to Time, become payable, and be claimed by the said Commissioners to be due in respetft of such Advertisements, distinguishing therein the respective Times of the Publication thereof; and the said Proprietors, Printers, and Publishers of such Newspapers respectively are hereby required, upon the Delivery of any such Account, forthwith to pay to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as are employed by them, the Amount of the Duties fontained in such Account: Provided nevertheless, if it shall appear on the Settlements of the said Accounts before the said Commissioners, that any Matter contained in such Newspaper has been charged with such Duty, which shall not be chargeable therewith, the said Commissioners are required to allow the same to the said Proprietors, Printers, and Publfthers respectively, and to (trike such Surcharge. out of the said Accounts.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Arrears of the said Duties remaining

tin settled for the Space of ten Days after any such Account in Writing shall be delivered, shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's Courts of Exchequer at Westminster, by Action of Debt or Information, in the Name of his Majesty's Attorney General, or Solicitor General, in which no Lfloin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Impat lance, shall be allowed; and upon every such Action or Information, a 4Japias in the rirlt Process shall and may issue, specifying the Amount of the Duties sued for; and the said Proprietors, Publishers, and Printers respectively, against whom such Action or Information shall be brought, shall be obliged to give Bail or Security to the Amount of the Duties sued for (an Affidavit thereof being full made and filed in the said Court), by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the said Court, at the Day of the Return of such Wrir, to answer such Suit or Prosecution, and mall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay the Condemnation Money in respect of the said Duties, or to yield his, her, or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forget or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any former Act of Parliament relating to the Duties on Cards and Dice, or Newspapers, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this or any such former Act of Parliament granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble thelmpreflion of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell any Paper, or any Cards, Dice, or Newspapers, liable to any Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any such former Act of Parliament relating to the said Stamp Duties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person to offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles. Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Cards, Dice, and Newspapers, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Effect, with relation to the additional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said additional and new Rates and Duties.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties he rein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner, as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, moldled, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pur-fuaftce of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein-contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

555

eurity fee given, the Printer cr Publisher to forfeit 500l.

If the Duties on Adrer-tifemmts be unpaid for 30^0^1, an Account thereof is so be given by the Commissioneri to the Printer or V'ublifhrr, who is forthwith 10 pjr the same;

end if not sett’ed in ro Days thereafter, may be fved fo/ in the Exchequer.

Pet font coo nterfei iin* Stamps, (o suffer Death.

Powers of former Acte, not hereby altercJ, to extend to this Act,

Duties to be paid to tfcr Receiver General of Stamps, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

General Issue, Treble Costs,

556

[Preamble.]

From Aug. x, 1779, the

fallowing a<2ri:c>rul Duties to be paid cn Lrobites of \Ville, Ac,

For every $k:n, Ac* where the Estate is 300L or upwards, 20s.

Where 6col. or vp« w«r<j$, il. ion.

Where T.ocol* and upwards, 5l.

Where 2,ooool. and upwards, 81. tos. and where 5,000l. and

upwards, j 3 I. 10?.

For every Receipt for a Legacy, or for a Share of a Pei tonal Estate divided iirder the Statu*e of Lilributiooi, to the Amount of 4C0l. an additional L)»rv of 209* ] and for every further Sum of 100l. a like additional Duty of aos, This Act not to extend to the Wills of Sailors or Soldier? (lain or dyint; in his Majesty's Service j

nor to Legacies to the Wile, Children, or Gnod children of the TefUcor*

Da’ies to I e under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps*

One Stamp may b? provided to denote the former and the present Du.id.

Vellum, &c. liable to the Duties, to be stamped before wiitten upon*

C. 51. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

CAP. LI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Stamp Duties on Probates of Wills, Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Legacies, or for any Share of a Personal Estate divided by force of the Statute of Distnbucions*

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain^ in Parliament assembled, towards’rainng the necvfiary Supplies to defray your Majesty's Pubuck Expences, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Duties he rein-after mentioned / and do inuft hu ably be leech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's must Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cor.sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the fi.'ft Day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine. Merc Iliad be ra.led, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the Kingdu.ii of Great Britain, u;uo end fur the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the Rates and Duties tallowing; that is to fiy,

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum cr Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any Probate of a W ill, or Letters of Administration, for any Estate oforaxrve the Value of three hundred Pounds, over and above all other Rates and Duties already imposed ihereou, there shall be charged an additional Duty of twenty Shillings; and wneie the Estate is of or above the Value of six hundred Pounds, a further additional Duty of thirty Shillings; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of one thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of two Pounds ten Shillings; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of two thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of three Pounds ten Shillings; and where the Estate is of or above the Value of five thousand Pounds, a further additional Duty of five Pounds t

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be engrafted, written, or printed, any Receipt, or other Discharge given for any Legacy left by any Will, or other reftamentary Instrument, or for any Share of a Pet fonal Estate divided or distributed by force of the Stature of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, the Amount whereof shall be four hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of twenty Shillings; and upon every further Sum of one hundred Pounds, so left by any Will or other Testamentary Instrument, or for any Part or Share of a Personal Estate divided or distributed by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, a like additional Stamp Duty of twenty Shillings.

Provided that nothing in tills Act contained shall extend to charge the Probate of any Will, or Letters of Administration, of any Common Seaman or Soldier who shall be llain or die in his Majesty's Service, a Certificate being produced from the Captain of the Ship or Vessel, or Captain of the Trcop or Company, under whom such Seaman or Soldier served at the Time of his Death, and Oath made of the Truth thereof before the proper Judge or Officer by whom such Probate or Administration ought to be granted, wh ch Oath such Judge or Officer is hereby required and author iicd to administer, and for which no Fee or Reward shall be taken.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with the additional Duties by this Act imposed, any Legacy left by any Will, or other Testamentary Instiuracnt, or distributed by force of the Statute of Distributions, or the Custom of any Province or Place, which he so devised or distributed to or amongst the Wife, Children, or Grand-children of the Person making such Will or Testamentary Instrument.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the more efficlual levying, collecting, and paying all the said Duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the iir.e being appointed to manage the Duties charged on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to caale such new Stamps to be

fprovided, to denote the said several new and additional Duties respectively, as shall be requisite in thru be-lalf, and to do all other Things neectfary to be done for putting this Act in execution, with relation to ne said several Duties herein-before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a Manner, as they, cr tie major Part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former. Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parca-meat, or Paper.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, to prevent the Mu’ti-plication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheets or Pieces of Paper, on wn en several Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the find CoDm l-sioners, instead of distinct Stamps to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment, and Far cr, charged therewith, to cause, if they fee Occasion, one new Stamp to be'provkitd to denote the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, on every Piece of Vellum or Pa.eumeiH, or Sheet or i uccof Paper, charged with the said several Duties.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, hbi: to the Duties hereby charged, shall, before the same shall be engrossed, printed, or written upon, be cioj^.t 10 "to

557

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 51, 52.

to the Head Office for (Vamping or marking Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the said Commissioner-,’ by themselves, or by their CiFicers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon Demand to them nude by any Person or Persons, from Time to Time, stamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Pur-ptlsof Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, as shall he brought to them for that Furpole, the Ferions so bring-ingfthe same paying to the Receiver (General of the Stamp Duties for the Time being, or his Deputy or Clerk, the several Duties payable for the same by virtue of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Allowance shall be made on present Payment of the said ihvcral Duties granted by this Act, and in such Manner as by any former Law rebung to lumped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Stamps as the said Com ml (Turners ?re hereby directed and authorised to provide and ule, shall and may be altered and renewed, from Time to Time, in such Manner as any other Stamps under the Management of the said Commissioners are, by any former Law relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and-Paper, directed to be altered and renewed; and that all Persons who shall have in their Cuffnly or Possession any Vt!iumr Parchment, or Paper, marked with any Stamp er Mark before the same shall have been so altered or renewed, or on which, the same being already stamped or marked with a Stamp or Mark denoting any former Duty, a new Stamp is hereby directed to be impreiled, shall fvave the like Remedy and AHowar.ce as by any former Law, relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, is, in like cases, directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, tordemble any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any former Act of Parliament, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this or any such former Act of Parliament granted, or Hull counterfeit or refembie tire Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, cr Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit; or shall privately or fraudulently ule any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any such former Act of Parliament relating to the said Stamp Duties, with Intent to defraud his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of any of the said Duties; every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parch-mentfand Papar, on which any Probate of a Will, Letters of Administration, or Receipt, or Discharge for any Legacy, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, and not hereby altered, shall be of full Force and Eucct with relation to the additional and new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and rut in execution for the railing, levying, -collecting, and securing, the Lid additional and new Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said additional and new Rates and Duties.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from Time to Time, into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall pay the same, the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time, and in such Manner as the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be paid; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, moldted, or prosecuted, for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Blue, and give the fnecial Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become non-suited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have 'Preble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An Act to give further Powers to the Commissioners for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for erecting certain Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, the Commissioners therein named were enabled, for the Security of Navigation and the Fisheries, to erect (our Light- houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain, one at 'Knmaird*s Head in the County of Aberdeen,

one on the Island of North Ranaldfhaiv in the Orkneys, one on the Point of Sea fa in the Blind of Hcrrics, and a fourth on the Mull of Kintyre; and to collect and receive certain Duties upon Ships passing any of the said Lighthouses, and to exerede the Powers and Trusts therein mentioned: And whereas by another Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

Allowance Tor

prompt Payment to be made.

Sra-TH? may be al'ere.l and renewed.

Persons ecun-terfei i&g S'amps.’&c. fuller Dcatli.

Power! of former Acts not hereby altered, to extend to thii

A a.

Dutiei to b* pai&to the Receiver General of Stamp Dutiei, and carried to the Confo’.idatetl Fund,

General Issue* Treble Coflf.

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. 3. cap. 101. and

G'O. 3. tap. 15. rcuic4{

558

and the Commissioners authored toe rest a Lif hthouse on the Island of Arran or Island of PJada, Sec,

Commissionem to proceed in the Manner directed by the recited Act, where Differences arise relative to Pifcei of Land necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, &c.}

and may borrow a further Sum of 2,ooooL

Comm; Abners may erect other L’ghihcuh s, whenever the Duties will enable them,

and may elect the Chief Ma-g’strate of the nearest Royal Boroufh, and she Sheriff De-

C. 52. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the twenty sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intit uledy An Act for eretiing certain Lighthcsfes in the Northern Parts of Great Britain," certain additional Powers and Authorities were given to the said Commissioners: And whereas the four Lighthouses therein described have been erected, and particularly a Lighthouse at a Place called The Merchants, on the South-west Point of the Mull of Khityrc, which is found to be of great Importance to the Navigation of Skips passing to and from the Northern Channel, but not to Ships pa ding to and from the Frith of Clyd<\ 4 through the Southern Channel: And whereas it would conduce greatly to the Security of such Navigation through the Southern Channel, if another Lighthouse was erected upon the South End of the Island of Arran, or upon the little llland of Pladay near the same* which may be done without any In- crease of the Duties authorised to be levied by the said two recited Act s* :* May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, "That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, to crcdl, or cause to be erected, a Lighthouse in a convenient Situation upon the South End of the Island of Arran, or upon the llland of Piada near the same, with such other Buildings and Conveniencies as to them shall appear necessary; and also to erect, or cause to be erected, a Bread or Wharf for landing Materials ncccllaty for the building and maintaining the said Lighthouser and to make, or cause to be made, a Road or Roads from the said Bread or Wharf to the said Lighthouse, and to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners and Occupiers of Lands, lying and fttuated at the Places aforesaid, and tnod convenient for erecting the said Lighthouse and other Accommodations, for so much Land as may be necessary for the said Purposes, and shall pay such Rate and Con fide ration for the same as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners and the Owner or Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, either by absolute Purchase, or by Payment of a Rent or certain annual Sum for the same.

II. And whereas it may happen th2t the Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers of such Land may infid on too high Prices or Rents for the same, or through Infancy, Minority, Defe<3 of the Title Deeds, Incumbrances, Debts, or other Disabilities or causes, it may be difficult to obtain valid and legal Rights to some of the Properties necessary to be used for these Purposes:* For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That under any of the Circumstances before described, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised to apply to the Sheriff Depute of the County where the Lands lie, and to proceed in the Manner directed by the Lid first-mentioned Act, in order to have the Values thereof ascertained and the Right made effectual; and the several Powers and Authorities which are conferred upon them by the said two recited Acts, are hereby also given, and the same Modes of proceeding shall be followed relative to the aforesaid fifth Lighthouse, as with regard to the others already erected, no higher Duties being exigible for the whole five Lighthouses than those authorised by the said last mentioned Act, but which Duties shall be wholly exigible at the Times and in the Manner specified in the said last-recited Act, without waiting till the fifth Lighthouse authorised by this present Act shall be completed.

III. And v hereas it may be necessary, for the Purpose of completing the said fifth Lighthouse, to borrow 4 a further Sum of Money,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby impowered and declared to have full Power and lawful Authority at any Time or Times hereafter, by any Mortgage or Mortgages, or any Act or Acts, Deed or Deeds, under their Hands duly executed, to borrow or take up at a Rate of Interest not exceeding the lawful Interest, in addition to the Sums allowed to be taken up and borrowed by the said Acts, a further Sum not exceeding two thousand Pounds Sterling, upon the Security and Credit of the Duties granted as aforesaid, for answering the Expence of making and completing the Lid Lighthouse and other Works, and such further Sum as shall be sufficient to discharge the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act j and may assign such Duties to any Person or Persons, Body Politick or Corporate, who shall furniin or advance such Money, or any Part thereof, as a Security for Repayment of the same.

IV. And whereas the several Lighthouses already erected have been found of great Benefit to the Navigation of the North Seas; and whereas, considering the Danger of navigating these Seas, particularly in the dark tempestuous Season of the Year, more Lighthouses would conduce to trie Safety of Ships, and Preservation of the Lives of Seamen,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, whenever the Produce of the present Duties on the Tonnagfc of Ships will enable them toeredl other Lighthouses, to cause other such Lighthouses to be ertdted upon any Parts of the Coast of Scotland as they shall deem to be necessary, and for that Purpose to exerofe the same Powers which have been granted for erecting the Lighthouses mentioned in this and the aforesaid Acts of the twenty-sixth and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any new Lighthouse shall be erected on any Part of the Coast of Scotland, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being to cledl the Provost or Chief Magistrate of the nearest Royal Borough, and also the Sheriff Depute of the nearest County to the said new-erected Lighthouse, to be Commissioners for executing the Powers contained in this and the said former Acts.

pute of the &eareft County, to %c Commissioners.

No Person con-

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person concerned in any Contract for building or lightest*" under ,nS Ligllthuules, shall be a Commissioner for executing this or the said former Acts.

fete Act to be a Commissioner,

A.D. 17 $9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 53. 559

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall he deemed, taken, and FuUuk AlU allowed, in all Courts of Law or Equity, as a Publick Act; and all Judges and Justices of such Courts are hereby required to take notice thereof as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LIII.

An for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland^ Greenland^ and Southern Whale Fisheries.

WHEREAS, as well by immemorial Uftge as by the Provisions of former Laws, the Right and Preamble* Privilege of drying Fish on the island of Newfoundland do not belong to any of his Majesty's

drying Fife on the Shores of the Island of Newfoundland,’ be it declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre!cnt Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Fith, taken or caught by any of his Majidy’s Subjects, or other Persons, arriving at Newfoundland, or its Dependencies, or on the Banks of the said island, except from Great Britain, or one of the British Dominions in Europe, shall ne permitted to belauded or dried on the said Island of Newfounding, always excepting the Rights granted by Treaty to the Subjects of his most Christian Majesty on thitPurt of the Island of Newfoundland beginning at Cape Saint John, passing to the North and defeending by the western Coast of the said Island to the Place called Cape Raye.

II. And whereas it is thought expedient that the Owners of Ships employed in the Greenland Fishery should be allowed to receive the Bounty granted by an Act passed in the twenty- sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried cn in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, although such Ships depart from those Seas before the tenth Day of August then following, and although they be not laden with the Quantity of Whale Fins, and of Oil or Blubber in proportion thereto, required by the said Act, in case it shall appear by the Log Books of such Ships that they have not departed from those Seas till the End of sixteen Weeks from the Day they respectively (=sailed from the Ports where they were surveyed and cleared outbe it therefore further enacted, That any Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall be allowed and entitled to receive the Bounty granted by the said Act, for any Ship which shall have proceeded, or shall proceed upon the said Whale Fishery from any Port of Great Britain, or the Blands of Guerrfry, Jerfy, or Man, after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and shall have sailed, or shall sail from the Port where (he was surveyed and cleared out, directly on her intended Voyage, on or before the tenth Day of April in each and every Year, although (he shall depart from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights, or the adjacent Seas, before the tenth Day of August then following, and although (he shall not be laden, if of the Burthen of three hundred Tons, with thirty Tons of Oil, or Blubber in proportion thereto, the Blubber to be rated with respect to the Oil as three to two, and one Ton and a Half of Whale Fins or if (lie be of greater or lesser Burthen, with a Quantity of Oil or Blubber and Whale Fins in like Proportion to the Tonnage of such Ship, being the Produce of one or more Whale or Whales, caught by the Crew thereof, or with the Assistance of the Crew of some other licensed Ship, in case it shall appear by the Log Book of such Ship, that (he had continued with her Crew in the said Seas, diligently endeavouring to catch Whales or other Creatures living in those Seas, and did not depart from thence till the Expiration of sixteen Weeks from the Time of her fading from the Port where (he shall have been surveyed and cleared out; provided such Ship shall not have touched at any other Port during her Voyage, and shall have com; lied with all the other Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, imposed by the said Act.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, 1 An Act for amending an Act, made in the twentysixth Tear of Ids present Ala] fyd Reign, w for the Encou- raiment of the Southern IVhcde Fisheryf and for making further Provisions for that Putpcfe, the three Ships or Vessels, which are entitled to the Premiums therein granted on their doubling Cape Horn, or passing through the Streights of Magellan, are required not to return in less Time than eighteen Months, and it is thought sufficient that such Ships or Vessels should be obliged to continue out no longer than sixteen Months be it therefore further erased by the Authority aicresaid, That the Owner or Owners of such of the Pud three Ships or Vessels which shall fail after the passing this Act, shall be entitled to the said additional Premiums, granted by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, under the Conditions, Regulations, and Rtfti idlions, in the said Act mentioned, in case such Ships of Vef* fels shall not return in less Time than sixteen Months, from the Time of her dealing out, and on or before the first Day of Dec ember, in the iecond Year after that in which such Ship o; Vessel shall have fitted and cleared out.

than 16 Monih»*and by Dec. iof in the second Year

No Fish, onlefr c?ught by Subjects of Great Britain, or of the Bruifh Dominions in Eu ope, to be landed or c red at Newfoundland, the R as ceced to 1 he' French excepted.

zQ Geo. 3. C. 41, rccucd.

After Jin.

N 1790, ships to be entitled lo the Bounties granted by the recited Act, that shall fail by April 10,) early, the ugh they lease the Greenland Seat-or Davis's Streights before. Aug. 10 following, and shall not be laden agreeable to the Regulations of the recited Act. up n tl eCoodi--tion? Ik rein Specified.

aS Geo. 3. c. 7.0 recited, and aiiet passing this t\t\f the three Ships entitled to the B unties thereby pranted on doutsltug Horn, «i piling through me Streams of Magellan, to be,

en itlrd thereto, if they shall return in 1?(» after clearing out.

IV. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Owner of any Ship or Vessel shall be entitled to the Owner* of Vrf« 1 Premiums granted by the said last mentioned Acts, passed in the tweiuy-sixth and twenty-eighth Years

Condition*

560 C. 53, 54. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

of *hc recited

to be tn tithd to the Premium", 1h0* trey do n clear rut fp'cnlly f-r the L.«tUtiks

of h:s present Majesty's Reign, pnlef* such Ship or Vessel shall have cleared out specially for the relpec- tive Latitudes therein specified ;* be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thatcw Owner or Owners of any Sirp or Vessel shall not be obl-ged to clear out specially for the respectiveLittuitj specihrd in the Lid Acts hut shall be entitled to the Premiums thereby granted, on complying with all the ether Conditions, Regulations, and Restrictions, imposed by the said Acts.

ti.crf n f, eiified. *3 Glu, 3. t. 41.

t $ Geo. 3. c. 5c.

ana z% C;*>. 3. t 20. rttiecc.

Af'cr Jan. T. 1790,any Mai'er permitting an Apprentice, indentured purfumt to the mi ed Acts, to quit his Service lwtore the Expiration of his Term, to

V. And whereas by an Act made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present 4 IM.ijofiy, intituled, An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried m in wt Gieeidaml Seas and Davis's Streights, it is among other Things enacted, That every Ship shall have

on board Apprentices indentured for the Space of throe Years at the lead, who shall not exceed the Age of eighteen Yeats, nor be under fourteen Years of Age, at the Time they shall be so indentured, in the

Pr<; 01 lion of one Apprentice at the lead for every thirty-five Tons Burthen, and one fresh or green Man for every fifty Tons Burthens, which Apprentices and fresh or green Men shall be accounted in the Number of Men required to be on board such Ship as afore Paid: And whereas by another Act made and passed in the twenty-hxth Year of his present Majesty's Reign/, intituled, An Act for the Encoureymt if the Suiihcrn IE hale piper y, it is among other Idlings enacted, That no Premium granted by that Act shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons whatever, for or on Account of any Ship or 4 Will] employed in the aforesaid Fishery, unless such Ship or Vessel shall have on board an Apprentice indentured for the Space of three Years at the lead, for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Veiie!

by Admeasurement, every such Apprentice not exceeding the Age of eighteen Years, nor being uncer fourteen Years, at the Time lie shall be so indentured: And whereas by another Act, made and pulled in the twenty eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending an Al, modi m 4 th' twenty-fxt/j Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern IVhakfijhp and for unking further Pro j fens for that Pur pep, it is amongst other Things enacted, That the fevers additional Premiums granted by that Act shall be paid in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Conditions, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are directed and preficribed in and by the said Act, made and passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery; And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made to oblige the Mailers of Ships or Vessels, or the Persons to whom Apprentices shall be bound in pursuance of the ATs herein-before respectively recited, to keep such Apprentices in their Service for the Time they shall be indentured Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fir it Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, if the Master of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whatever, to whom any Apprentice or Apprentices shall be indentured pursuant to the said herein-before recited Acts, shall permit or fuller any such Apprentice or Apprentices to quit, leave, or depart, his or their-Service on any Pretence whatever, except as herein after is provided, before the Expiration of the Term for which he or they shall be bound, every such Mailer or other Person shall forfeit and pay,- for each and every Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which do Wager of Law, no Essoign, nor any more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed,.

toi fcit 50l. {

unlrfs such Apprentice be cf;!chj-prd bc-Pte a Ma£ f-trare, or tin rw d ovr;' t<* a..o?lv:r

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construerLto extend, to inflict the aforesaid Penalty in any Case where any Apprentice or Apprentices shall be legally discharged before a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, or shall be turned over from one Person to another Person, concerned in either of the aforesaid Fisheries, to serve the Remainder of his Tune in such Fisheries, pursuant to tire Directions of the said Acts herein-before recited.

Matter, in ti c said Fisheries.

1 m

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That no Bounty or.Premium shall be paid or allowed by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in any Case, unless there shall be inserted in the Indenture or Indentures of each and every Apprentice or Apprentices, who shall be indentured by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or who shall be turned over from one Person to another, pursuant to this Act, the Name or Names of the Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, on board of which such Apprentice or Apprentices is or are bound to serve.

Vo Premium to paid under the recited Act*, unless the Names of the Ships on buaid s»htch Apprentices are boord to serve, be inserted In the Indenture*.

This Act not to extend 10 $ >;ps cleared cut, and which shall have failed, before ih* Coinrnen<e-ftxnl thereof.

VIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take awry any Bounty or Premium which may become due by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, in any Cale where the Ship or Vessel shall have bona jide cleared out on the Fishery, and proceeded from Great Britain, before the Commencement of this Act.

CAP. LIV.

An Act for further continuing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

[Continued till March 25, 1793.]

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 55. 561

CAP. LV.

An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relative to the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain \ to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandize exported, and reducing other Duties; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo*, to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed, written, and printed in Great Britain; to securing the Duties upon foreign-made Sail Cloth, and charging foreign-made Sails with a Duty; to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrouglu Silks and Velvets; to the discontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Greale*, to the prohibiting the Exportation of Teols and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience; been found useful and bene-

ficial, and are near expiring f may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to continue an Afd made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Alaj esty ffB'een Anne, 3- Oo. 2 r. 17. intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail Goth in Great Britain," which was to for ths Enc« n-continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and ra^e7lr,t oMh? from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by three Acts made in the eighth, fourteenth, and tuenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued Britain, comi-frorn the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nued to Scpr. eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is 1795>

hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, and f/orn thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas by an Act made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty i* An«, S^r.

Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail doth in Great Britain, a c. 10. rcaud* 4 Reward or Recompence of one Penny is given for every Ell of British-made Sail Cloth or Canvas, fit for or made into Sails which shall be exported out of Great Britain by. way of Merchandize: And whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made to prevent the said Reward or Recompence from being received upon Sails made of Britifto-wzdc Sail Cloth, which may be entered for Exportation by way of Merchandize, but not truly exported, but made use of on Ship-board, or which may be relanded in Great Britain after having been so (Lipped for Exportation ft Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred From Srrt 29, and eighty-nine, the Reward or Recompence given by the said recited Act ill nil not be paid to any Person 17 - 9 > ,be Rc-or Persons whatever, for or upon Account or any Sails made up in Great Britain of British-made Sail r'v;,n Cloth, unless such Sails shall before shipping thereof be stamped or marked upon every Cloth of such Sails, not tT/r pjie ror in feme Place or Warehouse belonging to the Exporter thereof, by the Searcher or other Officer of the $j,n c*pPrre\ Customs appointed by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or u.-.icf* inev tie any’four or more of them, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time bung, A:nPed befrj{*., or any three or more of them, in such Manner as the said Commissioners respectively shall think proper to direct; and all and every Sail and Sails which shall be made in Great Britain of British*made Sail Cloth, ar^notVelu^ir and which shall be shipped-as aforesaid, in order to obtain the said Reward or Recompence, but shall not expor.ei, &. to bc bona fide exported according to the true Intent and Meaning of the {aid-recited Act, or which, after bs torieiucU having been exported, mail be brought back, and which shall be found in or on board any Ship or Vessel belonging, in the Whole or in Part, to any of his Majesty's Subjects within four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, or which shall be relanded in Great Britain, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and prosecuted and recovered in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like Methods, Ways, and Means, as any Goods are now prosecuted and recovered by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs, and the Produce applied, after deduding the Charges of Condemnation and Sale, equally between the King and tire Officer.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the eighth So much of 8 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the E'iift, for the Encouragement of me S;lk Manu- * c M*ai failures of this Kingdom, and for taking uff several Duties on Merchandizes exported, and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs imported, and for Importation of all 0t t^Vfik^u-Eurs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the two Corporations of n^cUre* < t Act'urance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to imgle Damages and Costs of Suit, this Kin-am, as relates to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and \o the taking off several and u'Utt

562

iy«ic» on M^rch Aod‘*e exported, c n-linaed <o J<ne 14, 1795, See,

7 Cm*'. * C. Io. f.>r the tret J rjt mif tat*on of C’o« hipc«l ind l.ing >, con i-rueo ro S-pt.

29, 179s> &c*

*£ much of 11 CJ *0 z c. 36. * relays t<» ?ht prohibiting lie I nv.o 1 a*»jn or Bodies reprint d A*> oad, anc first cotTipofrd or Vvticitn and pein'ed in Great corti-nu* d to Sepr.

»9i*79Si &c«

*9 Geo. *. c. 27* for the rr*ore effectual ff-curing the Dutict on foreign-made Sail Cloth imported, e- n i* «ued to June *4> *79$.

Geo. 3. c. *8. so far as relates to the prohibiting thr Impnrtation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, continued to June 14, 1795, &c.

7CC0. 3.C. it. to difeonunue the Duties payable upon the

C. 55. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Duties on Merchandizes exported, which was to continue in force for three Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the feeond, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty-sixth, and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the sixth, fourteenth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, hath been continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of Jure one thousand ft veil hundred and ninety-five* and Irom thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made, in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochirua/, during the Time therein limited \ and also for the free Importation of Indigo which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-lour, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and wmich, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of his (kid late Majesty's Reign, and of the seventh, fourteenth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it further jcnailed by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his lace Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act J’cr prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first compoj.d or written and printed in Great Britain; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the eighth Hat of the Reign f her late Ala] fly Queen Anne, as impozvert the limiting the Prices of Books; which Act was to continue in force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to die End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted Abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain, by several subsequent Acts made in the twentieth, twenty-seventh, and thirty-third Years of the Regn of his said I ate Majesty, and of the seventh, fourteenth, and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty. was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties nrto payable on foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first jetting out to Ssa, to hi furnished with one complete oet of Sails made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty-six, for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the twenty sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the sixth, fourteenth, and twenty-feeond Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,^;/ Act to prohibit the Importation of foreign-wnought Silks arj Fcivets, for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of I York men employed in the Silk Manufacture) which was to continue in force for the Term of five Years, from the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the eleventh and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Act, so far as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, was, by an Act made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, so tar as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets, and the same is hereby further continued until the fourteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to discontinue) fer a limited Time, the Duties payable ups* the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lardy and XIreaje^ which was to be in force for three Years, from the

A.D. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 55, 56. 563

twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by fever.;! subsequent Acts of the tenth, thirteenth, sixteenth, nineteenth, twenty.second, and twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his said Majesty, was further continued from the Expiration thereof, u®til the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nn Afl made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain* amend* and extend to other Tools and Utensils* an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* intituled\ u An Act to prohibit the 4t Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made i<Jc of in the L on and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen* employed in those Manufactures* to go into Parts beyond the Seas*" which was to be in force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by two Acts made in the twenty-seventh and twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

Importation of Tallow, '

continued 10 Match 2$, 1791, &c.

26 Geo. 5. c. 89. to extend o other Tools and I tcnfils,

25 Geo. 3. c. 67. for prohtciting the Exportation of Toi Is made use of in the Iron and S'cel Mjmjfi&orie?, continued to the End of the next Session.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Jin A A for making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wine] for the Stock of certain Foreign UPincs in their PoJJjfton at a certain Time* upon which the Du~ ties on Importation had been paid; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise* as elirefts, that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometers, commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excite, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in force until the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and which, by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, was revived, and continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the Knd of the next Session of Parliament.

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31.

directs that all Spititt (hilt bs deemed of the Stieng h denoted 6y Clarke’* Hydrometer, continued to the End of the next Scfljoa.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the lift Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the Weft-India lftands* and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign lftands in the West Indies.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, preamble.

intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Planta- 28 Geo. 3. C. 6. 4 tions in North America, and in the Weft-India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of recited, 3 4 America; and between his Majesty's Juid Subjects and the Foreign lftands in the West Indies, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That no Tobacco, Pitch, Ear, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Marts, Yards, Bow- fprits. Staves, Heading-boards. Timbe r, Shingles, or Lumber of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Pcafe,

Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, shall be imported or brought into any island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies* (in which Description the Bahama

Islands and the Bermuda or Somers Islands are included,) from any Island in the West Indies under the

Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, and of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with all her Guns, Furni- ture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided always, That it shall and may ue lawful for any of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief for the Time being, of any of the said Islands in the West Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with the Advice and Consent of their respective Councils, to authorise the Importation of Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Hemp, Flax, Masts, Yards,

Bowsprits, Staves, Heading Boards, Timber, Sningles, or Lumber of any Sort; Bread, Biscuit, Flour,

Pease, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat. Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, for a limited Time, from any Island in the West Indies under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, for the Supply of the Inhabitants of the said Islands; and provided always, that such Goods and Commodities, so authorised to be imported, shall not be imported, except by British Subjects, and in British-built Ships,

owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, under the Penalty of the For- feiture above mentioned: Alii whereas it was intended, that the said several Articles (herein-before particularly enumerated), allowed?to be imported from any Island in the West Indies under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into the said ifiands in the West Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty, should be for the Supply only of the Inhabitants of the Island into which the same were imported; and there is Reason to believe that, contrary to the Intention of the said Act, such Articles,

after having been so imported, have been re-exported to others of his Majesty's Islands in the West Indies \ for Prevention whereof, be it hereby declared and enacted by the King’s must Excellent Majesty,

564. 0.56, 57. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III# A.D. 1789.

From Jan, r, 1790, if any of the Articles pcimitttd by the recited Act 10 be imported into the British West-Indi 1 Islands from Foreign Writ* India IfJards

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in cate the said Articles, of any of them, which shall have been imported from any Island in the U'ejl InJhsy under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the said Islands in the ITc/i Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty, shall after such Importation be exported, or shall be shipped or laden on hoard any Ship or Vessel, or shall be put on board any Boat or other Veil'd, or shall be brought to any Quay, Wharf, or other Place whatever, with Intention to be shipped on board any Ship or Yeti el for Exportation, then, not only the said Articles, but also the said Vessel or Boat on board of which the same shall be shipped or laden, or intended to be shipped or laden, shall be forfeited and lost, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel.

shall be exported, they shall be ferfelted with the Veil'd, &c.

Exporters of imin Ar icln from the West Joules to rruke Oath that they have not been imported unr-er the Authority of the recited Act.

Persons taking a false Oath to be deemed guilty of Perjury.

By whom forfeited Vessels may be seized.

How Penaltie* tray be iccorer-cd and applied.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That before any Articles which may be legally exported from the said Islands in the West Indies under the Dominion of his Majesty, and which are of the Description or Denomination of any of the Articles herein-before particularly enumerated and described, whether in their unmanufactured or manufactured State, shall be shipped for Exportation from any of the said Islands, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall make Oath, before the Collector of his Majesty's Customs for the Island from which such Articles are to be so exported ( who is hereby authorised and empowered to administer the same) that such Articles, or any Part of them, have not been so imported as aforesaid into the said Island under such Authority as aforesaid, from any Island in the West Indies under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall be convicted of taking a false Oath, touching any of the Facts directed or required by this Act to be testified on Oath, such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall and may be prosecuted in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Judicature in the West Indies.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Goods or Commodities, and all Ships or Veflds forfeited by this A A, shall and may be seized by the Commander or Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant, or Petty Officer specially authorised by him or them, or by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs; and that every Forfeiture and Penalty incurred by this Act shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means, and Methods, and the Produce thereof rerpeflively disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of the Customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in this Kingdom, or in any of his Majesty's Islands in tie West Indus respectively, as the Case may happen to be.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

[Preamble.]

27 Geo. 3. C. 37.

28 Geo. 3. c. 50.

Pawn brokers allowed to take the following Rates for Profit.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers; which Afl was to continue in force for one Year, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty- seven: And whereas an Act was passed in the last Session. of Parliament, to amend and continue for a 4 limited Time, the above-mentioned Atl; which was made to expire on the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, or at the End of the present Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for further regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers:’ May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful horn ami after the End of this present Session of Parliament, for all Persons using and exercising the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, to demand, receive, and take, of and from all and every Person and Persons applying or offering to redeem any Goods or Chattels pawned or pledged with such Pawnbroker, a Profit after the following Rates, over and above the principal Sum and Sums which shall have been lent and advanced upon the respective Pledge or Pledges, before any such Pawnbroker shall be obliged to re-deliver the lame \ videlicet:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent any Sum not exceeding two Shillings and Sixpence, the Sum of one Halfpenny, for any Time during which the said Pledge shall remain in Pawn, not exceeding one Calendar Month, and the same for every Calendar Month afterwards, including the current Month in which such Pledge shall be redeemed, although such Month shall not be expired:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent the Sum of five Shillings, one Penny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seven Shillings and Sixpence, one Penny Halfpenny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent ten Shillings, Twopence:

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo *iono Georgii III. c. 57. 565

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent twelve Shillings and Sixpence, Twopence Halfpenny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent fifteen Shillings, Threepence:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, Threepence Halfpenny:

For every Pledge upon which there shall have been lent one Pound, Fourpence: And so on progressively and in proportion for any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings:

And for every Pledge upon which there shall have been Lnt any Sum exceeding forty Shillings, and not exceeding ten Pounds, at and after the Rate of Threepence, and no more, for the Loan of every twenty Shillings of such Money so lent, by the Calendar Month, including the current Month; and so in proportion for any fractional Sum:

Which said teveral Sums shall be taken in lieu of, and as a full Satisfaction for, all Interest due, and Charges for Warehouse Room,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any intermediate Sum lent upon any Pawn or Pledge shall exceed the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence, and not exceed the Sum of forty Shillings, the Person lending the same shall and may take, by way of Profit, as aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Fourpence, and no more, for the Loan of twenty Shillings by the Calendar Month, including the current Month as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Party or Parties entitled to, and applying for the Redemption of Goods pawned, within the Space of seven Days after the Expiration of the first Calendar Month after the same shall have been pledged, he, she, or they shall and may be at liberty to redeem the same, without paying any Thing by way of Profit to the Pawnbroker for the said seven Days, or such Part thereof as shall then have elapsed; and that in all Cales where the Party or Parties so entitled, and applying as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said first seven Days, and before the Ex-piratiorrof the first fourteen Days of the iecond Calendar Month, he, she, or they shall and may be at liberty to redeem such Goods, upon paying the Profit payable for one Calendar Month, and the Half of another Calendar Month to the Pawnbroker; but that in all Cases where the Party or Parties so entitled, and applying as aforesaid, after the Expiration of the said first fourteen Days, and before the Expiration of the said Calendar Month, it shall be lawful for the Pawnbroker to demand and take the Profit of the whole second Month; and that the like Regulation and Restriction shall take place and be in force in every subsequent Calendar Month wherein Application shall be made for redeeming Goods pawned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall take, by way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Goods or Chattels, of what Kind soever the same shall be, and whereon shall be lent any Sum of Money exceeding five Shillings, shall forthwith, and before he, she, or they shall or may advance or lend any Money upon such Pawn or Pledge, enter, or cause to be entered, in a fair and regular Manner, in a Book or Books to be kept by him, her, or them for that Purpose, a Description of the Goods or Chattels which he, she, or they shall receive in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, and also the Sum of Money to be advanced or lent thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom such Goods or Chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the Information of the Person pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same; and in all Cases where the Money lent on any such Goods or Chattels shall not exceed the Sum of five Shillings, such Entry shall be made in such Book or Books, by all and every such Person and Persons so taking the same by way of Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, as aforesaid, within four Hours next after the said Goods and Chattels shall have been so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, as aforesaid; and every such Person p.lwnbkers ta shall, at the Time of the taking of every Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange whatsoever, give to the Person or Persons so pawning, pledging, or exchanging the same, a Note or Memorandum, fairly written or printed, Thiagi paweed.

or in part written and in part printed, containing the rein, in like Manner, a Description of the Goods and Chattels which he, she, or they have received in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, and also the Sum of

Money advanced thereon, with the Day of the Month and Year on which, and the Name and Place of

Abode of the Person or Persons by whom such Goods or Chattels are so pawned, pledged, or exchanged, and also the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner or Owners thereof, according to the Information aforesaid, and upon Which said Note or Memorandum, or on the Back whereof, shall be moreover fairly

written or printed the Name and Place of Abode of the Pawnbroker giving the same; which said Note or

Memorandum the Party ancTParties pawning, pledging, or exchanging the said Goods or Chattels, shall,

and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to accept and take in all cases, and the Pawnbroker shall not receive and retain such Pledge, unless the Party pledging or offering to pledge the same shall accept and

take such Note or Memorandum; and every such Note, where the Sum lent shall be less than five Shillings,

shall be delivered gratn *, and where the Sum lent shall be five Shillings or upwards, and less than ten Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Halfpenny for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be ten Shillings or upwards, and less than twenty Shillings, such Pawnbroker shall and may take one Penny for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be twenty Shillings or upwards, and less than five Pounds, the Sum of Twopence for the same; and where the Sum lent shall be five Pounds or upwards, the Sum offourpencCi and no more; and which Note shall be produced to the Pawnbroker before he or she shall be obliged to redeliver the respective Goods or Chattels, except as herein after is excepted.

Pawnbrokers

Rates further regulated-'

Limiting the Profits for a Part of a Month.

Pawns to be entered ia Books.

566 C. 57. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Penalty against Unlawfully fawning Goods the property of others.

Penalty on Person* forcing r counteitcjtu-g Notes.

For punishing Performs not giving a good Account of themselves, on olTerine to pawn Gocdt, &. c.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and designedly pawn, pledge, or exchange, or unlawfully dispose of the Goods or Chattels of any other Person or Persons, not being employed or authorised by the Owner or Owners thereof so to do, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Person or Persons charged with such Offence, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Oath every such Justice or Justices as aforesaid is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), every such Offender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, and also the full Value of the Goods or Chattels so pawned, pledged, exchanged, or disposed of, such Value to be ascertained by such Justice or Justices; and in case the said Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall commit the Party or Parties so convicted to the House of Correction, or some other publick Prison of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall refute or be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of not more than three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, unless the said Forfeitures shall be sooner paid; and if, within thiee Days before the Expiration of the said Term of Commitment, the said Forfeitures shall not be paid, the said Justice or Justices shall, and is and are hereby required to order, upon the Application of the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, the Person or Persons so convicted to be publicldy whipped in the House of Correction or Prison to which the Offender or Offenders shall have been committed, or in some other publick Place of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Offence shall have been committed, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem proper; and the said respective Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be applied towards making Satisfaction thereout to the Party or Parties injured, and defraying the Costs of the Prosecution, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had; but if the Party or Parties injured shall decline to accept of such Satisfaction, and Colts, or if there shall be any Overplus of the said respective Forfeitures, after making such Satisfaction, and paying such Costs as aforesaid, then such respective Forfeitures, or the Overplus thereof (as the Case shall happen), shall be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, forge, or alter, or procure to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid, or shall utter, vend, or sell any such Note as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited, forged, or altered, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons whomsoever, every such Person shall be punished in Manner herein after mentioned, and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to whom any Note shall be uttered or offered, which he, she, or they shall have Reason to suspect to have been counterfeited, forged, or altered, to seize and detain such Person or Persons uttering or offering the same, and to deliver him, her, or them, as soon as conveniently may be, into the Custody of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who shall, and is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to convey such Person or Persons before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if upon Examination it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the Person or Persons charged with having committed any such Offence is or are guilty thereof, then, and in every such Case, the said Justice or Justicds is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding; Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding the Space of three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons who shall offer, by way of Pawn, Pledge, Exchange, or Sale, any Goods or Chattels, shall not be able, or shall refwfe to give a satisfactory Account of himself, herself, or themselves, or of the Means by wfiich he, she, or they became possessed of such Goods or Chattels, or shall give any false Information to the Pawnbroker, or to his or her Servant or Servants, as to whether such Goods or Chattels are his, her, or their own Property or not, or if there shall be any other Reason to suspect that such Goods or Chattels are stolen, or otherwise illegally or clandestinely obtained, or if any Person or Persons not entitled, nor having any Colour of Title by Law to redeem Goods or Chattels in pledge or pawn, shall attempt or endeavour to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Servants or Agents, to whom such Goods or Chattels shall be so offered, or with whom such Goods or Chattels are in pledge, to seize and detain such Person or Persons, and the said Goods or Chattels, and to deliver such Person or Persons immediately into the Custody of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who shall and is hereby required, as soon as may be, to convey such Person at Persons, and the said Goods or Chattels so offered, before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be supposed to have been committed; and if such Justice or Justices shall, upon Examination and Enquiry, have Cause to suspect that the said Goods or Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clan-dtftinely obtained, or that the Person or Persons oftenng and endeavouring to redeem the same shall not have any Pretence or Colour of Right to redeem the same, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit such Person or Persons into lafe Custody for such reasonable Time as shall be necessary for the obtaining proper Information on the Subject, in order to be further examined; and if upon either of the said Examinations it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, that the said Goods or

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57. 567

Chattels were stolen, or illegally or clandestinely obtained, or that the Person or Persons offering or endeavouring to redeem the same hath or have not any Pretence or Colour of Right so to do, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to Law, where the Nature of the Offence shall authorise such Commitment by any other Law: and where the Nature of the Offence shall not authorise such Commitment, by any other Law^then such Commitment shall be for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than one Calendar Month, at^the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Owner or Owners of any Goods or Chattels unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged, shall make out, either on his, her, or their Oath, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, or, being one of the People called Qidakers^ by solemn Affirmation, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace within his or their Jurisdiction, that such Owner or Ov/ners hath or have had his, her, or their Goods or Chattels unlawfully obtained, or taken from him, her, or them, and that there is just Cause to suspect that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of any Hich Justice or Justices hath or have, knowingly and unlawfully, taken to Pawn, or by way of Pledge, or in Exchange, any Goods or Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and without the Privity or Authority of such Owner or Owners thereof, and shall make appear, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, probable Grounds for such the Suspicion of the Owner or Owners thereof, then, and in any such Case, any Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their Jurisdiction, may issue his or their Warrant for searching, in the Day Time, the House, Warehouse, or other Place, of any such Person or Persons, who shall be charged on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, as suspected to have knowingly or unlawfully received or taken in Pawn, or by >vay of Pledge, or in Exchange, any such Goods or Chattels, without the Privity of, or Authority from, the Owner or Owners thereof; and if the Occupier or Occupiers of any House, Warehouse, or other Place wherein any such Goods or Chattels shall, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, be charged or suspected to be, shall, after the End of this present Session of Parliament, on Request made to him, her, or them, to open the same by any Peace Officer authorised to search there, by Warrant from a Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, in Which such House, Warehouse, or other Place shall be situate, refuse to open the same, and permit the same to be searched, it shall be lawful for any Peace Officer to break open any such House, Warehouse, or other Place in the Day Time, and to search, as he shall think fit, therein, for the Goods or Chattels lulpafted to be there, doing no wilful Damage; and no Pawnbroker, or other Person or Persons, shall oppose 6r hinder any such Search; and if upon the Search of the House, Warehouse, or other Place, of any such suspected Person or Persons as aforesaid, any of tire Goods or Chattels which shall have been so knowingly and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, shall be found, and the Property of the Owner or Owners from whom the same shall have been unlawfully obtained or taken shall be made out to the Satis-fiadion of any such Justice or Justices, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or if any such Witness or Witnessis shall be of the People called Quakers, by solemn Affirmation, or by the - Confession of the Person or Persons charged with any such Offence, any such Justice or Justices shall thereupon cause the Goods and Chattels found on any such Search, and unlawfully pawned, pledged, or exchanged as aforesaid, to be forthwith restored to the Owner or Owners thereof.

IX. And whereas Goods and Chattels are often pawned or pledged for securing the Payment of Money lent thereon, and the Profit thereof, and afterwards the Borrowers, or their Representatives, are desirous to repay the lame, and the Profit due thereon, and make Tender thereof to the Person or Persons with whom the same are so pawned or pledged; yet they are frequently under great Difficulties to get back the Goods and Chattels so pawned, and are often under a Necessity to commence Suits at Law for the Re- covery thereof, to their great Expence For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, if any Goods or Chattels shall be pawned or pledged for securing any Money lent thereon, not exceeding in the whole the principal Sum of ten Pounds, and the Profit thereof, and if within one Year after the pawning or pledging thereof (Proof having been made on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, by one or more credible Witness or Wic-nesses, and t y producing the Note or Memorandum directed to be given by this Act as aforesaid, before any Justice or Justices, to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices, of the pawning or pledging of any such Goods or Chattels within the said Space of one Year) any such Pawner or Pawners, who was or were the real Owier or Owners of such Goods or Chattels a: the Time of the pawning or pledging thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall tender unto the Person or Persons who lent, on the Security of the Goods or Chattels pawned, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the principal Money borrowed thereon, and Profit according to the Table of Rates by this Act established, and the Person who took such Goods or Chattels in Pawn, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall thereupon, without shewing reasonable Cause for (b doing, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, neglect or refuse to deliver back the Goods or Chattels so pawned for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said principal Sum of ten Pounds, to the Person or Persons who borrowed the Money thereon, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, then, and in any such Case, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid thereof made by the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns^or some other credible Person, any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Di-vilion. City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where the Person or Persons who took such Pawn as aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall dwell, on the Application of the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, is and are hereby required to cause such Person or Persons

Where Goods unlawfully pawned, tbs Pawnbroker to restore iheaa.

Punishing tht Pawnbroker wh> will lint deliver up Goods to the t’swiur.

568

C. 57. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Personi producing Notts rr Memorandums detmed the

On oefit

Where Notes or

Memorandum! loft, the Pawnbroker 10 deliver a Copy.

Persons who took such Pawn, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices, to come before such Justice or Justices; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to examine on Oath, or solemn Affirmation, as the Case may require, the Parties themselves, and such other credible Person or Persons as shall appear before him or them, touching the Premises; and if Tender of the principal Money due, and all Profit thereof as aforesaid, shall be proved by Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid to leave been made (such principal iMoftey not exceeding the said Sum of ten Pounds) to the Lender or Lendeft thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by the Borrower or Borrowers of such principal Money, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within the said Space of one Year after the said pawning or pledging of the Goods or Chattels, then, on Payment by the Borrower or Borrowers, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of such principal Money, and the Profit due thereon, as aforesaid, to the Lender or lenders, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and in Case the Lender or Lenders, his, her, or their Executors or Assigns, shall refuse to accept thereof, on Tender thereof to him, her, or them made, by the Borrower or Borrowers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, before any such Justice or Justices, such justice or Justices Dull thereupon, by Order under his or their Hand or Hands, direct the Goods or Chattels lo pawned forthwith to be delivered up to the Pawner or Pawners thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; and if the Person or Persons who shall have lent any principal Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of ten Pounds, on any Goods or Chattels pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall neglect or refuse to deliver up or make Satisfaction for the Goods or Chattels which shall be so proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, to have been so pawned, as any such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid shall order and direct, then any such Justice or Justices shall and is and are hereby authorised and required to commit the Party or Parties so refusing to deliver up or make Satisfaction for the lame, to the House of Correction, or some other publick Prison for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, wherein the Offender or Offenders shall reside or be convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, she, or they shall deliver up the Goods or Chattels so pawned and continuing redeemable as aforesaid, according to the Order of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid, or make such Satisfaction or Compensation as such Justice or Justices shall adjudge reasonable for the Value thereof, to the Party or Parties entitled to the Redemption of such Goods or Chattels so pawned and continuing redeemable as aforesaid.

X. And, to prevent any Inconvenience to Persons carrying on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, from several different Persons claiming a Property in the same Goods or Chattels,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons who shall at any Time produce any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons with whom the Goods therein specined were pawned or pledged, as the Owner thereof, or as authorised by the Owner thereof to redeem the same, and require a Delivery of the Goods or Chattels mentioned therein to him, her, or them, such Person or Persons shall be, and is and are hereby deemed and taken to be, so far as respects the Person or Persons having such Goods and Chattels in Pledge, the real Owner and Owners, Proprietor and Proprietors of such Goods and Chattels, and the Person or Persons so using the said Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker shall be, and is and are hereby directed and required, after receiving Satisfaction pursuant to the Provisions of this Act respecting Principal and Profit, to deliver such Goods and Chattels to the Person or Persons who shall so produce the said Note or Memorandum to him, her, or them, and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified for so doing, unless he, she, or they shall have had previous Notice, from the real Owner or Owners thereof, not to deliver the same to the Person or Persons producing such Note, or unless Notice shall have been given to him* her, or them, that the Goods and Chattels pawned have been, or are fui’pected to have been, fraudulently or feloniously taken or obtained, and unless the real Owner or Owners thereof proceeds or proceed in Manner herein after provided and directed for the redeeming of Goods and Chattels pledged, where such Note hath been loft, mif-laid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Pawnbroker shall have had such previous Notice as aforesaid, or in case any such Note or Memorandum as aforesaid shall be loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained from the Owner or Owners thereof, and the Goods and Chattels mentioned therein shall remain unredeemed, that then, and iji every such Case, the Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers with whom the said Goods and Chattels were so pledged or exchanged, shall, at the Request and Application of any Person or Persons who shall represent himself, herself, or themselves to the Pawnbroker as the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels in Pledge, or exchanged as aforesaid, deliver to such Person or Persons so requesting and applying for the same a Copy of the Note or Memorandum so loft, mislaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, as aforesaid, with the Form of an Affidavit of the particular Circumstances attending the Case, printed or written, or in Part printed and in Part written, on the said Copy, as the same shall be stated to him or her by the Party applying as aforesaid, for which Copy of such Note or Memorandum, and Form of Affidavit, in case the Money lent shall not exceed the Sum of ten Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the Sum of one Penny; and in case the Money lent shall exceed the Sum of ten Shillings, the Pawnbroker shall receive the like Sum of Money as he is entitled to receive and take on givine the original Note or Memorandum, such Money to be paid by the Party applying for the Came, at the Time of making the said Application: and the Person or Persons having so obtained such Copy of the Note or Memorandum, and Form of Affidavit as aforesaid, shall thereupon prove his, her, or their Property in, or Right to, such Goods and Chattels, to the Satisfaction of some justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, where the said Goods or Chattels shall have

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57. 569

been pledged, pawned, or exchanged; and shall also verify on Oath, or Affirmation, as the Case may be, before some Justice of the Peace, the Truth of the particular Circumstance» attending the Case mentioned in such Affidavit or Affirmation, to be made as aforesaid, the Caption of such Oath or Affirmation to be authenticated by the Hand Writing thereto of the Justice before whom the same shall be made, and who shall and is hereby required so to authenticate the same, whereupon the Pawnbroker shall fufter the Person or Persons proving such Property to the Satisfaction of such Justice as aforesaid, and making such Affidavit or Affirmation as aforesaid, on leaving such Copy of the said Note or Memorandum, and the said Affidavit or Affirmation, with the said Pawnbroker, to redeem such Goods or Chattels.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Goods and Chattels which shall be Pawned Goods pawned or pledged shall be deemed forfeited, and may be sold at the Expiration of one whole Year from the deemed forfeit lime of the pawning the same; and that all Goods and Chattels so forfeited, on which any Sum above £ lhe End ot a ten Shillings, and not exceeding ten Pounds, shall have been lent, shall be sold by publick Auction, but not otherwise, by the Order of the Person having the same in Pawn, at and after the Expiration of the said Year; but the Person employed to sell such Goods and Chattels by Auction shall, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be exposed to publick View, and Catalogues thereof to be published, and an Advertisement, giving Notice of such Sale, and containing the Name or Names of the Pawnbroker or Pawn-brokers with whom the said Goods or Chattels were in Pledge, to be inserted on two several Days in some publick Newspaper, two Days at least before the first Day of Sale, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Owner or Owners of the said Goods or Chattels, for every Offence in the Premises, the Sum of five Pounds.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by^he Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or On Notice from

Persons entitled to redeem Goods or Chattels in Pledge shall, before the Expiration of the said one Year, Persons bavin? from the Time of pawning the same, give Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons having the lame in Goods in Pledge Pledge, or leave the same at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, not to sell the same at the End of the "J* 10 frll> said one Year, then, and in every such Case, such Goods or Chattels shall not be sold or disposed of by the beyond

Person or Persons having the Lire in Pledge, until after the Expiration of three Months, to be computed t&e YeJr, for from the Expiration of the faiuiear; duting which said 'Perm of three Afonths the Owner or Owners of the Redempnoa. laid Goods and Chattels shall have Liberty to redeem the same upon the Terms stipulated and provided by this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons to whom Account of any Goods or Chattels shall have been pawned or pledged, shall, from Time to Time, enter in a Book Sales to be en-or Books, to be kept by him, her, or them for that Purpose, a true and just Account of the Sale of all pawnbLkers i* Goods and Chattels pawned to him, her, or them, for upwards of ten Shillings, which shall be sold as afore- a Book; said* expressing the Day when, and the Money for which such Goods or Chattels pawned were fold, together with the Name and Place of Abode of the Auctioneer by whom the same were fold, according to the Information thereof from the Auctioneer; and in case any such Goods or Chattels shall be sold for more *ndO»erflu* than the principal Monty and Profit aforesaid due thereon at the Time of such Sale, the Overplus shall, by o^Vjf the every such Pawnbroker, be paid, on Demand, to the Person by whom, or on whose Account such Goods or GoodVpawoei Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, in case such Demand shall or told/

be made within three Years after such Sale, the necessary Costs and Charges of such Sale being first dcdudled; and such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, for his, her, or their Satisfaction in this Matter, be permitted to inspect the Entry to be made as aforesaid of every such Sale, paying for such Inspection the Sum of one Penny, and no more; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit any such Person or Persons who pawned or pledged such Goods or Chattels, or who is entitled to such overplus Money, to inspect such Entry as aforesaid in any such Book or Books, such Person or Persons, if an Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, or Assignee or Assignees, at such Time producing his, her, or their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Assignment, or in case the Goods or Chattels were fold for more than the Sum entered in any such Book or Books, or if any such Person or Persons shall not make such Entry as aforesaid, or shall not have, bona fide, according to the Directions of this A Cl, fold the same, or shall refuse to pay such Overplus upon Demand to the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, he, she, or they producing such their Letters Testamentary, Letters of Administration, or Assignment, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Treble the Sum such Goods and Chattels shall originally have bien pawned for, to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account such Goods or Chattels were pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place where the Offence shall be committed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the End of this present Pawnbroker not Session of Parliament, no Person or Persons having any Goods or Chattels in Pledge shall, under any to purchase Pretence whatsoever, either by himself or herself, or by any other Person for him or her, purchase any such Goodiwh;lft Goods or Chattels so being in Pledge with him or her, during the Time the same shall remain in his or her Cu^dy10 Custody, as Inch Pledge, save and except at such publick Auction as aforesaid, nor shall fufter the same to u u

be redeemed with a V iew or Intention to purchase the lame; nor shall any such Person taking or having any Goods or Chattels in Pledge, make, or cause to be made, any Contract or Agreement with any Person or Persons offering to pledge, or pledging the same, or with the Owner or Owners of the Pledge, for the Purchase, Sale, or Disposition of the said Goods and Chattels, before the Expiration of one whole Year

57°

Time for taking iri Hawes limited*

P*wrbroker5 to piece in View the Table of Profits, &c.

Pawnbroker* Name? and Bu-frnefi to be placed over his Door.

Penalty on Pawnbroker* felling Good* before lin ited Time, or injuring (hem.

C. 57. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

from the Time of pawning or pledging the same; nor shall any Pawnbroker purchase, or receive, or ta^e any Goods or Chattels in Pledge'of or from any Person or Persons who shall appear to be under The Age of twelve Years, or to be intoxicated with Liquor; or purchase, or take in Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange, the Note or Memorandum aforesaid of any other Pawnbroker; nor buy any Goods or Chattels, in the Course of his, her, or their Trade or Business, before the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Evening, throughout the Year; nor receive or take in Goods or Chattels by way of Pawn, Pledge, or in Exchange, before Light of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after Nine of the Clock in the Evening, between Michaelmas Day and Lady Day following, or before Seven of the Clock in the Forenoon, or after Ten of the Clock in the Evening, during the Remainder of the Year, excepting only on the Evenings of Saturday throughout the whole Year and excepting on the Evenings preceding Good Friday and Christmas Day; nor shall any Person or Persons exercise or carry on the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker on any Sunday, Good Friday, ox Christmas Day.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, all and every Person and Persons, who shall follow’ and carry on the Trade and Buii-ness of a Pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or printed in large legible Characters the Rate of Profit allowed by this Act to be taken by him, her, or them, and also the various Prices of the Notes or Memorandums to be given by him, her, or them, according to the Rates aforesaid, and an Account of what Notes or Memorandums are to be delivered gratis, and of the Expence of obtaining a second Note or Memorandum, where the former one has been loft, millaid, destroyed, or fraudulently obtained, and place the lame in a conspicuous Part or Parts of the Shop or other Place wherein he, she, or they shall carry on such Trade and Business, so as to be visible to, and legible by, the Persons pledging Goods and Chattels (landing in the several Boxes or Places provided for such Persons coming to pawn or redeem Goods and Chattels at Inch Shop.

XVII. And, for the better manifesting by whom the Trade and Bufinefc of a Pawnbroker shall hereafter

be carried on,’ be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, all and every Person or Persons who shall follow or c+ry on the Trade and Business of a Pawnbroker, shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible Characters, over the Door of each Shop or other Place by him, her, or them respectively made use of for Carrying on that Trade and Business, the Christian and Surname or Names of the Person or Persons so carrying on the said Trade or Business, and the Word Pawnbroker or Pawnbrokers, as the Case may be, following the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of ten Pounds for every Shop or Place which shall be so made use of for the Space of one Week, without having such Name or Names, and the said Word, (o painted or written as aforesaid, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two Tullices of the Peace acting within the respective County, Riding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or rlace (which Warrant such Justices are hereby authorised and required to grant), updh the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be; and the said Penalty, when the Charges of recovering the same shall be deducted, shall be paid one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place in which the Offence shall be committed; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the County Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor less than fourteen Days, unless the said Penalty, and all readable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if, in the Cfturle of any Proceedings before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of or under this Act, it shall*appear, or be proved to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices, upon Oath or folcirm Affirmation, that aftyof the Goods cr Chattels pawned as aforesaid have been fold before the Time allowed by this Act, or otherwise than cr-cording to the Directions of this Act, or have been embezzled, or are become or have been rendered oflels Value than the same were at the Time of pawning or pledging thereof, by or through the Default, Neglect, or wilful Misbehaviour of the Person or Persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Agents or Servants, then, and in any such Case, it shall be lawful for every such Justice and Justices, and he and they is and are hereby required, to allow or aw*rd a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels, in respect thereof, or of f«ch Damage; and the Sum or Sums of Money so allowed or awarded, in case the same shall not amount to the Principal and Profit aforesaid, which shall appear to be due to any Person or Persons to whom the same were so pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be deducted out of the said Principal and Profit; and in all Cases where the Goods and Chattels pawned as aforesaid shall have been damaged as aforesaid, it shall be sufficient for the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to pay or tender the Money due upon the Balance, after deducting out of the Principal and Profit as aforesaid, for the Goods or Chattels pawned, such reasonable Satisfaction, in respect to such Damage, as any such Justice or Justices shall order or award, and, upon so doing, the Justice or Justices shall proceed as if the Pawner or Pawners, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, had paid or tendered the whole Money due for the Principal and Profit aforesaid; and if the Satisfaction to be allowed and awarded to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or Chattels shall be equal to, or exceed the Principal and Profit aforesaid, then, and in such Case, the Person or Persons to whom the same were lb pledged or pawned, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall deliver the Goods or

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 57.

Chattels so pledged to the Owner or Owners thereof* without being paid any Thing for Principal or Profit in resped thereof, and shall also pay such Excess, if any, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him on the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, where any Information shall be laid against any Pawnbroker for having offended against this Act, or respecting any Dispute between any Pawnbroker and Person havingpawrted Goods, or the Owner or Owners of Goods pawned, or rd‘pe£ling any Felony or other Matter, or on any other Occasion whatsoever, which, in the Judgment of any Justice or Justices, shall make the Production of any Book, Note, Voucher, or other Paper necessary, which shall or ought to be in the Hands, Custody, or Power of any Pawnbroker, to fmninon such Pawnbroker before him, to attend, with all and every or any iiook, Note, Voucher, or Paper, which he or she may or ought to have in his or her Custody or Power, relating to the same, which he or she is hereby required to produce before such Justice or Justices in the State the same was or were made at the "l ime the Pawn or Pledge was received, without any Alteration, Erafcment, or Obliteration whatsoever; and in’ calc such Pawnbroker shall neglect or refuse to attend, or to produce the same in its true and perfect State, such Pawnbroker shall, in case he or she doth not shew good Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for the Use, and to be levied in the Manner, herein after mentioned.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in caf* any Pawnbroker shall, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, in any wise offend against tills Act, every such Pawnbroker shall, for every such Offence, in neglecting to make or cause to be made, in a fair and regular Manner, in such Book or Books as aforesaid, any such Entry as is required to be made by him, her, or them, by this Act, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; and for every other Offence against this Act, where no Forfeiture or Penalty is provided or imposed on any particular or specific Offence against any Part of this Act, the Sum of live Pounds; and that all Forfeitures incurred by any Offence committed against this Act shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices to award to the Party complaining, out of the said Penalty, the Sum of two Pounds and ten Shillings, and the Remainder of the aforesaid Penalty or Penalties, not otherwise disposed of and applied by this Act, to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place for that Purpose.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further emitted. That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to any Prosecution or Information before any Justice or Justices of the Peace by virtue of this Act, for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within twelve Calendar Months next after the Offence committed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poot of any Parish Or Place where any Offence shall be supposed to have been committed by any Pawnbroker against this Act, or some or one of such Officers, at the Discretion or Direction of any Justice of the Peace, on having Notice from such Justice of the Peace of such Offence beine supposed to have been committed, shall, and they, or some or or.e of them, to be nominated by such Justice as aforesaid, are and is hereby required to prosecute every Offender for every Offence so to be suggested by such Justice to have been committed against this Act, at the Expence of the respective Parish whereof they or he are, is, or shall be, for the Time being, such Officers or Officer.

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall lend Adoney to any Person or Persons whomsoever, upon Pawn or Pledge, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, without taking any further or greater Profit for the Loan or Forbearance of such Money lent, on any Pretence whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be had, taken, or received, by any Justice of the Peace, or his Clerk, or by any Person whomsoever, for any Summons or Warrant, or other Proceedings whatsoever, to be granted or made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this ActL

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Provisoes, Regulations, and Clauses contained in this present Act, shall, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, extend to and include the Executors, Admin id rators, and Assigns, of all and every deceased Pawnbroker, in the same Manner as the lame extend to and include the Pawnbroker when living, save and except that no such Executor or Administrator of any such deceased Pawnbroker shall be answerable for any Penalty or Forfeiture personally, or to be paid out of his, her, or their own Monies or Estate, unless the same shall be incurred and forfeited by his, her, or their own Act or Neglect.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any Thing by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his, her, or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be- come non-suited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

571

Pawnbrokers to produce their Books when oe« c diary.

Penalty on Pawnbroker! offending against this Act.

Limiting the Time of Prose-ention or In* fcrmat:OB.

Churchwarden!, &c. topiofecutc,

Act not to extend to Persont tending Money at 51. per Cent, without further Profit.

Justices not to have any Fee* or Gratuities for ad ing under this Act.

The Act to extend to Executors, &c. of Pawnbrokers

[General Issue.]

572 C. 57, 58. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

InhaVrantiof

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions, Suits, In-OftVnce»C«orr»Cfe forrnat*ons, Trials, and other Proceedings in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any Matter or Thing mined dMmrd herein contained, any Inhabitant of the Parish, Town, or Place, in which any Offence or Offences Hull

competent Wit- be committed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of tvs Act, shall be achnitted to give Evidence, aesses. and shall be deemed competent Witnesses, not with Hanoi g his, her, or their being an Inhabitant or Inha-

bitants of the Parish, Town, or Place wherein ary Inch Offence or Offences shall be supposed to have been committed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th2t the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted, in Manner prescribed by this Act* shall cause such respective Conviction to. be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (tr.ct js to say),

Ferro of Conviction.

) 44 gE it remembered, That on this Day of in the

to wit. 3 u Year of his Maj city's Reign, A.B. is convicted before of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for (he fnu County of [V. for the

Riding or Division of the Paid County of or, for the City,

Liberty, or Town of cs the Cyc shall happen to he] for

and the said do adjudge him [<?rher] to pay

and forfeit for the Lime the Sum of

Given under the Day and Year

aforesaid.’*

And the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same, so drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to be fairly written upon Parchment, and transmitted to the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for the County, R;ding, Division, City, Town, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General or Quarter Section; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall appeal from the Judgment of the said Justice v or Justices to the said General or Quarter Session, the justices in such General or Quarter Section are hereby required, upon receiving the said Conviction, drawn up in the Form aforesaid, to proceed to the Hearing and Determination of the Matter of the said Appeal, according to the Directions of this Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and no Certiorari shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon, in pursuance of this Act.

Appeal.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act shall think him or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justice or Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have liberty to appeal to the Justices at the next General or Quarter Session of the Peace, which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, where such Judgment shall have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgment shall in such Case be suspended, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Conviction, with two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices in their said next General or Quarter Section, and to pay such Colts as the said Justices in such Session Hull award on such Occasion, which Recognizance the said Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had is and are hereby impowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or Quarter Section are hereby authorised and required to-hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if, upon the hearing of the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall immediately pay the Sum which he or she shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in the said General or Quarter Session shall award to be paid for defraying the Expences sustained by the Defendant or Defendants in such Appeal, or in default of making such Payment shall fufter the respective Pains and Penalties by thus Act infliiled upon Persons respectively who shall neglect to pay, or shall not pay, \he respective Sums or Forfeitures by this Act to be paid by or imposed upon Persons respectively who shall be convicted by virtue of this Act.

FttWick Ad.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be a Publick Act;.

and be judicially taken notice of as such* by all Judges, Justices* and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

h*5*/*0* °*

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be in force for one

1 l* whole Year and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also for better regulating the Exportation of Starch* and the Importation of Rape Seed.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty* *1 Geo. 3. cap, (intituled, An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Cone 50. recited. and Grainy within everal Ports and Places therein mentioned) % certain Rules and Regulations are eltablrfbed

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 573

c for ascertaining the common Average Prices of Middling Wheat, Rye, Peak, Beans, Barley, Malt,

Beer, Bigg, and Oats, at the Market called The Corn Exchange, within the City of London, with the Intent and for the Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas it is by the said Act directed and provided,

that the common Prices of En^lish Corn and Grain, of the said several Sorts respectively, as well within the said City of London and Port thereof, as at or in the several Towns, Places, and Ports within the Counties of Kent and EJ/ex, wherein foreign Corn or Grain of the said several Sorts respectively shall or may be imported, shall, for the Purpose of regulating the Duties payable and to be paid on the Im- portation thereof, and the Bounties payable and to be paid on the Exportation thereof, be made there- after to depend upon and be governed by the Prices of the said several Sorts of British Com and Grain reflectively, as the same shall be afeertahed within the City of London, by the Provisions in the said Act contained: And whereas the said recited Act requires Amendment, Explanation, and Alteration;

and it will be beneficial to the Publick that proper Powers and Provisions be estab) dried for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within the several Ports and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England not comprized in the said recited Act, and in the Town of Berwick upon Tweed:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by vthe Authority of the same, That fb So much «r re-much of the said recited Act as relates to chusing by Lot two Corn Factors, and as requires their personal cited.Atta« re-Appearance at the Court of General Quarter Sessions, for the Purposes in the said recited Act contained, chusing,

shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that, indead thereof, every Corn Factor, from whom any cornfaa'r/and Return is required by the said Act, shall, within one Calendar Month next after the pading of this Act, requite* ihe’ir or within one Calendar xVlonth from the Time he shall begin to deal by Commission in the Sale of Appeannceat Corn and Grain, take the following Oath, or (being one of the People called Quakers) affirm; videlicet, *br Q2»,erSer-

fjor.B, repealed;

and infield thereof Coin Fa&ers are to take the following

I A.B. do swear [or affirm], That the Returns of the Prices and Quantities of British Corn and Grain, which henceforward shall be by or for me fold and delivered, shall, to the bed of my Know-4fc ledge and Belief, contain the whole Quantity, and no more, of the Corn bona fulc fold and delivered by or for me within the Period to which they mall refer, with the Prices and Names of the Buyers respectively, and, to the belt of my Judgment, conformable to the Directions of an Act passed in the twenty- first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, within the several Ports and Places therein nun- timed/' -

Which Oath or Affirmation the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being is hereby impowered and required to administer, and to grant a Certificate thereof, to be registered by the Inspector of Corn Returns; and in case any Person shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Corn Factor without taking the said Oath, agreeably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty 0o Penalty of Pounds, to be recovered by Warrant of Distress and Sale, and applied in like Manner as the Penalties 50l. and Forfeitures imposed by the said recited Act are therein directed to be recovered, levied, and applied.

II. And whereas the Returns of Corn and Grain will be defective and incomplete, unless all Persons dealing as Corn Factors are obliged to render their respective Accounts to the Inspector of Corn Returns/ be it therefore enacted, That the Inspector of Corn Returns for the Time being shall and may demand, Inspector of take, and receive, of and from every Person who does or may hereafter carry on the Trade or Business of Cor? a Corn Factor in the City of London, or in the Suburbs thereof, a true weekly Account or Return of the eves^raFic--several Quantities of Corn or Grain that shall be brought into the River Thames, eastward of London Bridge, for In London, of the respective Sorts (mentioned in the before recited Act] by him bona fide fold and delivered during me and the Soburb% preceding Week; in which weekly Return shall be inserted the Price per Quarter, and the Amount of weekly Re-every Parcel, with the total Quantity and Value of each Class, as also the Name or Names of the Pur- £rn °/thent chafer or Purchasers thereof; the said weekly Accounts or Returns to be charged with the Sum of one jn^heTifanies Halfpenny for every Last or ten Quarters contained in them, and be delivered to the Inspector of Corn tad ward of Lon-Returns at the Corn Exchange, or lent to his Office within the Time limited by the said recited Act. doa Bridge,

which wa* fold

by him during the preceding Week; which Return i« to be charged with one Halfpenny for every Last contained therein,

III. And whereas the Sum of one Halfpenny for every Last or ten Quarters, directed by the said recited Act of the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be collected and received on all Corn and Grain fold and delivered, hath been found insufficient to reimburse the Proprietors of the Corn Exchange the Expences thereby imposed upon them; and as it is reasonable that all foreign Corn and Grain, on the Delivery thereof out of the Ship or Ships in which they shall be imported, should be liable Foreign Corn to Duties or Charges* as well as Cornand Grain of British G rowth / be it therefore enacted, That all foreign to Corn and Grain, when delivered out of any Ship or Ships in the Port of London, shall be charged with one l2 f<^ Penny for every Last or ten Quarters, aria that it shall be lawful for the Inspector of Corn Returns to de- belaid by the mand, collect, and receive the lame from each and every Corn Factor, or Importer of Corn, on whose Faaoror Im-Account such foreign Corn or Grain shall be delivered out of the Ship or Ships in which the shall have been porter, whoi« imported; and that the Corn Factor or Importer shall deliver a foil and true Account of the Quantity of ddlvcr the said Corn or Grain to the Corn Inspector, within one Week after the Delivery thereof from the Ship or to tbTlnfpeac* Ships; and the Inspector of Corn Returns may be paid such an additional Salary of any Sum not ex- within»w«k

F 2 ceeding after un&ippiiif*

574

Corn Inspector may be paid an additional Salary of So 1.

The Avenge Prices Torn ed from the weekly Returns to be deemed the commnn Price of midcling Bri-ti fh Corn witi in I.oncon, Essex, Kent, and Su(Tex# Average Pri.es to be published in the Gaze te, and certified to the Collector of the Customs in London, who ia to trarfnii Copies thee »f to the (VHeftors at the Ports in ifft x, Ken?, and Surtax, when foreign Corn may be imported.

When, from the Returns, it >p pears the Price of any Kind of Grain enumerated in the recited Act is at nr above the Price specified in 13 Geo. 3. c. 43. it may be i

Inspector of Corn Rc’umsto send to the Collector of the Customs in Lon don, who is to transmit Copta* to the Colleton in Eltax, Kent, and SnfTex, the Week’s Account Pe is direct *d to fjlce, which is to be the Guide for the Bounty to te paid on the Exportation of Corn.

From Nov. t, 1789, the In-fseftor of Com Returns to mnlce -up from the fix, weekly Accounts Jirecrd-iag each Sessions of the l'e.ice for London, the general Aggregate Quantity and Price of Corn (Oats excepted) fold in that Pc* vied, &c.

C. 58. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

ceeding eighty Pounds per Annum more than he is at present allowed, as the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, at any Quarter Sessions held for the City of London, shall order and direct, out of the Monies that shall be collected and received by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the general Average Prices of British Corn or Grain, so thereby formed, computed, and distinguished, on the whole Number of weekly States or Returns, shall be taken and deemed to be, and to have been, the common Price of middling British Corn or Grain, of the respective Sorts therein mentioned, in and during the Time to which the said General Average Prices shall refer, as well within the City of London, and Port thereof, as within the several Ports, Towns, and Places within the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Sussex, wherein foreign Corn or Grain of the said respective Sorts may be imported; and which said general Average Prices, it shall he lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace of and for the said City, and they are hereby required to cause to be published in the London Gazette, once in each of the four several Weeks immediately succceding such Sessions respectively; the Expences of which Publication shall and may be paid out of any of the Monies in the Hands of the said Inlbedtor of Corn Returns, by virtue of the said recited Act; and also immediately to certify the same unto his Majesty's Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs for the Time being for the Port of the said City of London, who shall thereupon transmit a Copy or Copies thereof to the several Collectors and other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being, reading in the several Ports, Towns, or Places within the said Counties of Essex, Kent, and SujpXy wherein foreign Corn or Grain of the same respective Sorts so certified may be imported, a Copy of which Certificate shall be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom Houses thereto belonging, to which all Persons may relbrt for their Information; and whenever it shall appear, from fuel) Returns so published, cr so certified as aforesaid, that the Prices of all or any of the several Kinds of Grain in the said recited Act enumerated are at or above the respective Prices specified in an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn)y then, and in such Case, it shall be lawful to import, at any Port or Place where Corn hath been usually, or may be imported, within the City of London and Port thereof, and the said Counties of EJfixy Kent, and Sussex, all such Species of Corn and Grain as shall be so certified to be at or above such Rates as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Duties commonly called or known by the Name of the Low Duties; and the Duties and Customs payable and to be paid as aforesaid, on the Importation of foreign Corn or Grain of the several Sorts therein mentioned, shall be collected and paid according to such general Average Prices so published in the London Gazette, or so certified as aforesaid, and by no other Rule, Regulation, or Provision whatsoever; any Thing in this or the said last recited Act, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof in anywifenot-withstanding.

mported into London, Essex, Kent, and Suftax, on Payment of the Low Duties.

V. And whereas, by the fiiJ recited Act of the twenty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, it is

enacted, That the Bounties shall be paid on any British Corn exported, according to a subsequent Return; whereby Inconveniencies and belays have arisen to the Exporters be it therefore enacted, That the said Inspector of Corn Returns shall, every Week, feud to his Majesty's Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs for the Time being, for the City of London and Port thereof (who shall thereupon transmit a Copy or Copies thereof to the several Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being at the several Ports, Towns, and Places, within the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Sussex), the Week’s Account which by this Act he is directed to take in Manner before mentioned; and whenever any British Corn or Grain shall be exported from the said City of London and Port thereof, or from any Port, Town, or Id ace within the said Counties of Essex, Kent, and Sussex, the Entry for Exportation may be made, and the Bounty thereon shall be ascertained, regulated, and paid, according to the weekly Average of the Price of such Corn and Grain within the said City and Port, as the same shall appear fro® the Accounts hereby directed to be transmitted to the said Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs respectively, by the said Inspector of Corn Returns, Until a new Average shall be so formed and transmitted to such Collectors or other Chief Officers, and by them received.

VI. And whereas the Term of three Months, limited by the said recited Act, hath been found to be too long for properly ascertaining the Average Prices of Corn and Grain (except Oats) for the Purpose of determining the Expediency of allowing the Importation thereof at the Port of London, and the several Ports and Places within the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Sussex \ be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Inspector of Corn Returns for the Time being shall and may, and he is hereby required to make up, compute, and distinguish from and upon the fix weekly Accounts immediately preceding each and every Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City of London, which he is by the said recited Act directed and required to keep, the general Aggregate Quantity, and Price thereof, of each respective Sort of British Corn or Grain (Oats only excepted) that shall appear to have been bona fide fold or delivered in and during the said fix several Weeks, and also the Average Prices thereof respectively; and the same being made up, formed, and computed in Manner and Form by the said recited Act prescribed for the quarterly Returns by him required to be made, shall deliver to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices, of the Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the City of London, whenever such Sessions shall be held, and shall also verify the same upon Oath in such and the same Manner as by the kid recited Acts prctcribed.

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 575

VII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes hereby intended and herein after expressed, the /ever&l maritime Counties within that Part of Great Britain called England shall be divided into DistricSls, in the following Manner; (that is to say), The Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge shall be the first District; the County of Norfolk shall be the second District; the Counties of Lincoln and York shall be the third District; and the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be the fourth District; the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland shall be the fifth Dif-trudl; the Counties of Lancaster and Chester shall be the sixth District; the Counties of Flint, Denbigh, Anglesea, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, shall be the seventh District; the Counties of Cardigan, Pembroke, Carmarthen, an d Glamorgan, shall be the eighth District; the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and Monmouth, and the City and County of the City of Bristol, shall be the ninth District; the Counties of Devon and Cornwall shall be the tenth District; and the Counties of Dorset and Hants shall be the eleventh Dif-twcl; and that in the several Counties forming the Districts herein-before enumerated, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be included in, and be considered as Part thereof, all such several Cities, Towns, or Places, within the said several Counties, as are Counties of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt or peculiar Jurisdiction; and the Justices of the Peace for the several and respective Counties, at the General Quarter Sessions to be held after the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next ensuing, shall feiccl and nominate a Number of principal Market Towns within each County or Riding respectively (such Number not being more than twelve, nor less than eight, and so as in no District the Number be less than eight, except as herein after is excepted), from which Towns so to be nominated, and from which several Cities, Towns, or Places being Counties of themselves, or having or enjoying an exempt or peculiar Jurisdiction, and being Sea Ports, the Price of Corn for such County, City, Town, or Place, shall be taken in Manner hereafter directed: Provided always, That in such Counties where there shall not be four Market Towns, the Prices of Corn for each such County shall be taken from every Market Town within the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in that Part of the third District which consists of the County of York, two Markets for the East Riding, and two Markets for the Nea th Riding, shall be leledted and nominated for the Purpoess of this Act by the Justices of each respective Riding; and also, that in the fifth District, confiding of the Counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland, it shall be lawful for the Justices of each respective County to select and nominate such Markets for the Purposes of this Act, as they shall think fit, provided the Number does not exceed four for the County of Cumberland, and two for the County of Westmoreland.

Westm Ireland such a Number as the Justices may think fit, not exceeding four for the former, and

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices in their said Quarter Sessions assembled, shall, and they are hereby authorisid and required to appoint, from amongst the Chief Constables, or such other Persons as to them shall appear more expedient, within thetr respective Jurisdictions, one or more Person or Persons, redding within or near each and every of the Towns so leledted and nominated as aforesaid, to

For the Purposes of this Act, the maritime Counties to be divided into the District* herein specified.

to the Receiver of Corn Returns appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the Jveral Comities of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported, the weekly Prices and (Quantities of Corn and Grain, on pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect therein, the Sum often Pounds; which Returns shall be lodged with, and remain in the Custody of, the ibid Receiver of Corn Returns, fur the Purposes of this Act; and the inspector or Inspectors of the Prices of Corn and Grain aforesaid, Hull also return Duplicates of such weekly Prices of Corn and Grain to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at all the Ports within their respective Districts; and such Collector or other Chief Officer shall cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in tive CuTom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may freely re fort: Provided always, That no Miller, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person buying Corn for Sale, shall be capable of being appointed or of acting as an inspector under this Act; and that the said Justices shall have Power to discharge any Inspector or Inspectors appointed or to be appointed as aforesaid, for Misbehaviour or Neglect, on Complaint being made before them, on Oath, by one or more credible Witnesses or Witnesses, which Oath such Justices are hereby author it.-d to administer: Provided also, That in case of the Death, Discharge, or Resignation of any such Inspector or Inspectors of the Prices of Corn «md Grain in the several Districts, it shall be lawful to and for two Justices of the Peace acting for the Division where such Vacancy shall happen, to appoint a fit and Proper Person or Persons in the Room or Place of such Inspector or Inspectors so dying, or resigning as aforesaid; which laid Inspector or Inspectors, so to be appointed, shall act in the Execution of the Duty appointed by this Act, until the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace after the Appointment is made.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person appointed inspector of the Pr ices of Corn and Grain as aforesaid shall, previous to his taking upon him the said Ofiic ’, take a.id subscribe, before two Justices of the Peace for the Town, County, or Division, where such Inspector shall relide, the following Oath (or, being of the People called Quakers, affirm); videlicet,

I A.B. dofwear [or affirm], That I will at all Times make due and true Returns to the Receiver of Oath. 44 Corn Returns appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of an Act passed in the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign (intituled, An Act for registering tie Prices at which Corn is fold in the several

Counties

Justices at the next Michaelmas Sessions to fcleft a Number of principal Market Town*, from which, and the Sea Ports having peculiar Jurisdictions, the Price of Corn for each County shall be taken.

Two Market*

for the East; Riding and two for ti c Ncnh Riding of Yorkshire to be fc-lc&e I, and for Cumt eland and two for the Jatie

Quarter Session* to appoint Persons to collect weekly Account of Corn at the several Towns so felefled, who are to make Return* to the Receiver of Com Reiurnv, on Penalry of 10 1.1

and transmit Diiplita?i-s to the Cc!!eftor of the Customs at the Ports within thr-ir rcrpe^i?e Distn^t*.

No Mi Per, &c. to an inspector.

Inrpcctors he Jr (charged. Vacancies may be fil'rd up by two Justices.

Inspectors to take ibc following

57§ C. 5&, Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Counties of Great Britain, ami the Quantity exported and importedJ, of the weekly Quantities and Prices of Corn and Grain at the Market held at according to the Account*

delivered to me by the several Buyers of Corn and Grain at the said Market; and that I will use my u be(V Endeavours to procure true Accounts of such Quantities and Prices, from such Buyers, and in al <l Things, to the best of my Skill and Judgment, ad conformable to the Piredions of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third (intituled, An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also for better regulating u the Exportation of Starchy and the Importation of Rape Seed)"

Such Infpfflort And also that every such Inspector of the Prices of Corn and Grain shall duly and regularly enter in a 'h'acV umsof* or to be provided and kept for that Purpose, the several Accounts of the Quantities and Prices

the Quan^Uic* of ^'orn an^ Grain received by him from the respective Buyers, and of the Returns made up thereon and and Price* of transmitted by him to the said Receiver of Corn Returns in London; which said Accounts, Book or Books, Com received by and Returns, shall not be made publick, or shewn by the said Inspe&or, or by his Privity or Content, to any them, and of the person or Persons whatever, unless called for or required by the said Receiver of Corn Returns, or by an Return* made Qrjcr *m Writing, under the Hands of two Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Inspector bu/noMo^ew shall reside, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of the Sum of twenty Pounds.

the same viiibou' proper Older, on i cnalry of 201.

Receiver of Corn Re urns >0 make up at the Times herein speahed the general aggregate Quantity and Cod of Brit ifh Corn and G tain;

and to transmit a Copy thereof, &c. to the Collectors of the Ciiftoim, at the Places in each Distritl where foreign Corn may he imported, who are to enter the same, &c. and from which the Importation is to be governed.

Till the Epiphany Sefiiom, 1790, the ul'ual Returns for ascertaining the Duties on Importation, and the Orders now authori fed by Law, may be

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall, and he is hereby required on the Hr(t Day of February, the first Day of Afay, the first Day of August, and the first Day of November^ in each and every Year, to make up, compute, and distinguisti (rom and upon the last fix weekly Accounts or Returns by him received, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, immediately preceding such respective Periods, the general aggregate Quantity and Cost of each respective Sort of British Corn and Grain (Oats excepted) that shall appear to have been bona fide fold or delivered, in and during such six Weeks, within each respective District, and which Account he. is by this Act required to receive and enter in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose; and in like Manner the general aggregate Quantity and Cost of all Oats that shall appear by the last twelve weekly Accounts or Returns preceding such Periods to have been so fold or delivered withip each respective District; and such Accounts being so made up, forthwith to transmit a Copy thereof, together with a general Average of the Prices of each respective Species of Corn and Grain computed therefrom, withirfrcach respective District, during the several Terms aforesaid, to his Majesty's Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being, residing in the several Ports, Towns, and Places, in each District wherein foreign Corn or Grain may be imported; and the said refjxzdive Collectors or other Chief Officers aforesaid, are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause a Copy thereof to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which all Persons may resort; and also to cause a Copy thereof to be advertised in some Newspaper circulating within each rc-foedive County; and from such general Averages the Importation of Corn and Graiu within that District shall be governed and regulated, until a new Average shall be formed, and transmitted to such Collectors or other Chief Officers, and by them received.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent or hinder the usual Returns of the Prices of British Corn or Grain, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Duties payable on Importation thereof, from being made until the Epiphany Session in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety, in the Manner now directed by Law, or to prevent the Justices, or other Persons, from making such Orders, or doing such other Acts thereupon, as they or any of them respectively are now by Law required or authorised to make or do; and such Orders or Acts so made or done shall have the same Force and Effect as they have by the Laws now in force, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

DldCi

Whenever it

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall appear, from fijdt shill appear from Returns and Averages as aforesaid, that the Prices of all or any of the several Kinds of Grain, in the said the Returns and recited Act enumerated, are at or above the respective Prices specified in an Act passed in the thirteenth Avenges that Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corny Grainthe then anc* *n »uch Case lt be lawful to import, at any Port or Place where Corn ham been usually or recited Act may be imported, within the several Districts before mentioned, such Sorts of Corn and Grain respectively, enumerated it upon Payment of the Duties commonly called or known by the Name of the Low Duties; and the Duties at or above the anj Customs payable and to be paid, as aforesaid, on the Importation of foreign Com and Grain of the i? GeoTe!lt! ^evcral Sorts therein mentioned, shall be collected and paid according to such general Average Prices, within it may be im-3* each District respectively, and by no other Rule, Regulation, or Provision whatsoever, any Thing in ported within this or the said recited Act, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof in anywde notwith* the several (landing.

Distri&i, on

Payment of the Low Duties.

Receiver of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall every Week send to

Coro Returns his Majesty's Collectors, or other Chief Officers of the Customs for the Time being, within the respective CoileOorsefthe District, the Week’s Account which by this Act he is directed to take in Manner before mentioned, with Customs in their the Average thereof; and whenever any British Corn or Grain shall be exported from any Port within respective any of the Districts before mentioned, the Entry for Exportation may be made, and the Bounty thereon D.ftrids the shall be ascertained, regulated, and paid, according to the weekly Average of the Price of such Corn and weekly Account Gnjfl

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 58. 577

Grain within that District, as the same shall appear, from the Returns hereby directed to be madfe to such he *s ^efled 10

Collectors or other Chief Officers; and the respective Collectors or other Chief Officers aforesaid are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and to cause ,0e‘

a Copy thereof to be hurg up in fouie publick Place in the Custom House thereto belonging, to which regulate the

ail Ferffins may rsfort; and from such weekly Average the Exportation of Corn and Grain within that Exportation, &c.

L' iilriit shall be governed and regulated, until a new Average shall be formed, and transmitted to such Col-

Icdlors or other Chief Officers, and by them received. oTons of

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding the Prices of Wheat B?rcuit°and°ioo or Pease shall be respectively above the Rates at which the same may be exported, it shall and may be lawful, Queers of from and after the passing of this Act, t6 ship and export, from the Port of Greenock to the Island of New- Fcafc may be fzundland) any Quantity of Biscuit not exceeding one hundred and fifty Tons, and any Quantity of Pease nnually ex-not exceeding one hundred Quarters, in any one Year, for the Benefit of the Fisheries there, under the

fume Regulations as Biscuit and Pease are, by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of t:ie Reign of his Newfoundland-present Majesty (intituled, An Act to allow the Exhortation of a limited Quantity of Biscuit and Peajs to the and Starch may IjLind of Newfoundland, for the Btnvfit of the Fishery there), allowed to be exported from certain Ports be exported to therein mentioned, for the Benefit of the said Fisheries; and also that it shall be lawful, at all Times, to adPansm*. Clip and export Starch to all Places whatsoever, notwithstanding the Prices of Corn or Grain, of which prie«a^cJn such Starch may be made, shall be above the Rates for Exportation; any Thing contained in this, or any or Grain should other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding. be above the Exportation Ratesf v

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding the Prices of Wheat* and airothe Peale, Oats, or Barley, (h.dl be respectively above the* Rates at which the same may be exported, it shall Quantities here~ and may be lawful, from and after the passing of this Act, to ship and export to the Bay of Honduras, for specified of the Sustenance and Life of the JJ.> itish Settlers there, from such Ports in that Part of Great Britain called FhlyUD*&c^to England, and in such Proportions from each of such Ports as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs Honduras by shall deem proper, and for which they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, mail grant a Licence irom Licence under their Hands, any Quantity of Flour, Bread, Pease, Oatmeal, or Barley, not exceeding, in the Commis-one Year, one thousand thiee hundred and fifty Sacks of Flour, thirty Tons of Bread, thirteen Tons of fiooen of the Pease, thirteen Tons of Oatmeal, and thirteen Tons of Barley, under the same Securities, Rules, Regula- Custoont&c* tions, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as those under which the like Commodities are

now allowed to be exported to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, by an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act to allow the Exportation of Corn, Gram, and other Articles, to his Majestys Sugar Colonies in America; and to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the last Sefion, of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exhortation of Corn,9* allowing the Exportation of JVhcat, Meal, Flour, Rye, Barley, or Malt, to the If anas of Guernsey and Jersey, to Bread, Biscuit, and Pease; and to allow the Exportation of all the said Articles io the If and a/* Alderney).

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Security gwen for the due Ex- Security giver*

portation of any of the before-mentioned Commodities shall be discharged, on a Certificate from the Super- the due intendant at the said Bay of Honduras, or from any other Person who shall be appointed for that Purpose ^xP°rtat-°.n of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, in like Manner as the Securities given for the due Export- te?ifchareed\>» ation of the like Commodities to the said Sugar Colonies in America are now by virtue of the said Act Certificate from discharged, by a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector, or of any other of the Officers the Sup-rirreod-therein mentioned; which Certificate the said Superintendant, or other Person lb appointed as aforesaid, ant at ihe Bay of is hereby authoris'd and required to grant from Time to Time, under his Hand and Seal; and any Person Hondur«>&c* granting or making any false Certificate, or counterfeiting, erasing, or falsifying any Certificate, or know- psrfm* granting ingly publishing such Certificate lb counterfeited, eraled, or fall died, shall be subject to the same Disabilities, or nkin? fa, fc Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said Act with respect to the u>#

Certificates therein mentioned; and that the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be food for, pro- the Penahicf ° fccuted, recovered, and applied, in the Manner directed by the said Act, with reject to the like Penalties &c.

and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding the Prices of Wheat, Before jan. r,

Barley, Rye, or Oats, shall be respectively above the Rates at which the same may be exported, it ftnll and 1790, the Qu*n-may be lawful^in confederation of the present Scarcity in the Province of Quebec, at any Time or Times «it*« herein^ before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to export to the said Province of (orlt

Quebec any Quantity of Corn or Grain, not exceeding in the whole the following Quantities; that is to be expound* say, two thousand Quarters of Wheat, two thousand Sadks of Wheat Flour, and eight thousand Quarters of Quebec, oor-Pcafe, under the same Securities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, withstanding the as those under which the like Commodities are now allowed to be exported to his Majesty's Sugar Colonies Price* of Wheat, in America;, by the said Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and that all ^c'umayhbc Persons granting or making any false Certificate, in respect of such Exportation, or counterfeiting, erasing, importation or falsifying any such Certificate, or knowingly publishing any such Certificate £b counterfeited, erased, Pricea,* or falsified, shall be subject to the same Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are respectively prescribed and directed by the said Act, with respect to the Certificates therein mentioned; and that all the above-mentioned Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and applied* in the Manner directed by the said Act> with respect to the like Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned.

5-/8

Corn Faftcri in London, and Inspectort of the Prices of Corn end Grain at oil er Market#, to include R«pe Seed in their weekly Account*, iVc.

Rape Seed may he imported from Irthnd, and lodged In Warehousei, ,wiihcut P*y-ir.ent of Duty, under the like Re;

Millers, 4c. buying Corn for Sale, to deliver to the inspetfors an Account of the Quantities of Corn received by them during the ihe Week, &c. on Penalty of Jol. j

ard to take the following

Oi h,

on like Penalty of iol.

No Debenture for a Bounty on F.xporatio.o of any Corn, &c. to be granted, while foreign Corn of the same Species i« permitted to be i

Avenges to be infer ted in the Gaeette.

In the Re'urnt, Coro and Grain to be computed by the Rulhel of 8 Gallons, and 57 lb. to be deemed equal to a Buftel.

Inspectors to receive such Allowances at the Quarter Sessiont shall direct*

C. 58. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

XIX. And whereas the Duty payable upon Rape Seed imported from Ireland is regulated by the Price, to be ascertained in the same Manner as the Prices of Corn and other Grain are by Law directctl to be ascertained be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Corn Faaors, or Seilers of Corn, in the Port of the City of London, and all Inspectors of the Prices of Corn and Grain at other Markets, shall and they are hereby required and directed to include and return the Quantities and Prices of British Rape Seed fold and bought at such respective Markets, in their weekly Accounts, to the Receiver of Corn Returns in London, vvno shall thereupon compute the Average Price of such Rape Seed at the Port of London, and within the several Districts herein-before mentioned, and transmit Accounts of the same at the Periods and Times herein-before diic&ed for the transmitting of the Returns of Corn and other Grain to the respective Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs, for the Purposes aforesaid; and also that it tbali and may be lawful to import, enter, and land such Rape Seed from Ireland, and to lodge and secure the same in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty, under the joint Locks of the King and the Importer, and under such and the like Regulations, Provisions, and Restriction$, as Corn or other Grain is permitted to be so imported and landed.

guDtions as Corn may be.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Appointment of Inspectors of the Prices of Corn and Grain, as before mentioned, all Millers, Factors, Merchants, Clerks, Agents, and other Persons, beii g Buyers ot Corn for Sale, shall, and they are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, upon Demand, to the said lnfpcdicr of the Prices of Corn and Grain for the Town whereat they shall respectively buy any Corn or Grain, an Account in Writing, signed with their own Name, of the Quantities so by them received during the Week, with the Prices thereof, and by what Measure or Weight the same was bought; in default whereof every such Miller, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person, being a Buyer of Corn for Sale, shall, for every such Offence, foilcit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; and the several Returns so to be made by virtue hereof shall be allowed and received in evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Fadlor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent, or other Person, being a Buyer of Corn for Sale, shall, within three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, or within one Calendar Month from the Time he shall begin to deal in Corn and Grain, at any of the Markets to which the Regulations of this Act are meant to extend, take and subscribe the following Oath (or, being one of the People called Quakers, affirm); videlicet,

T A\ B. do swear [or affirm], That the Returns of the Prices and Quantities of British Corn and Grain, which henceforward shall he by me bought, shall, to the bed ot my Knowledge and Belief, be true and just, and, to the belt of my Judgment, conformable to the Directions of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for better regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and a (Jo for better regxlat* 44 ing the Exportation of St it ch, and the importation of Rape Seed

Which Oath or Affirmation any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the respective County or Counties, within the above described Districts, is and are hereby authorised and required to administer*, and every Oath or Affirmation so taken shall be returned to, and hied by the Clerk of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place respectively; and in case any Person shall buy Corn for Sale, without taking the said Oath, agreeably to the Directions of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Debenture shall be made out or granted, for the Allowance of any Bounty on any Com, Grain, or Flour, entered or shipped for Exportation from any Port within any of the said Districts herein before mentioned, during the Time that foreign Corn or Grain of the same Species shall be allowed to be imported into such DitfriS at the Low Duties, agreeable to the Regulations of this Actany Thing in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 ported at the Low Duties in the same District.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Averages so computed as aforesaid, for the said several Periods, for each District, shall be published by the said Receiver of Corn Returns in the London Gazette four several Weeks immediately succeeding the respective Periods of computing such Average.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the more easily and effectually carrying of this Act into execution, the Inspectors of the Prices of Corn and Grain, to be appointed by virtue hereof, shall, in all Returns to be by them made, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, compute the Quantities of Com and Grain by the Bushel of eight Gallons, commonly called or known by the Name of The Winchester Bushel; and in all Cases where Wheat shall have been sold by Weight, nfty-seven Pounds Weight shall be deemed equal to one Bushel of such Winchester Measure.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Inspectors of the Prices of Com and Grain to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall be entitled to, and shall receive such Sum and Sums of Money for their Care and Trouble therein, as the Justices of the Peace for the respective Counties before mentioned, in Quarter Sessions assembled, shall respectively order and direct, out of the publick Rates for each County, Riding, or Division, in Manner prescribed oy an Act, passed in the tenth

How Penalties are ro be tcc»« vend and i»p- pled.

A.D. 1?^9« Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 58, 59. 579

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for registering the Prices at which Corn is fold in the federal Counties of Great Britain, and the Quantity exported and imported\) for paying for the Returns by that Act oulered to be made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, except where it is otherwise directed by this Act, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace acting in and for the County, Division, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; which Warrants such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon tnc Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; (which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer;) and the Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be), upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whole Goods and Chattels shall be so di drained and fold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being tirft deducted), shall be paid to the Treasurer for the County, and be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Main prize, for any Time not exceeding three Calendar Months, nor left than thirty Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XXVII. And whereas by an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn,) Wheat, and Wheat Flour, Rye, Peale,

Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, and Oats, are allowed to be imported without Payment of the Duties therein mentioned, in the Manner and under the Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act specified, into the several Ports of Bristol, Berwick, Beaumaris, Dover, Exeter, Falmouth, Harwich, Hull, London, Lynn Pegisy Lane after, Liverpool, Milford, Newcastle, Newhaven, Poole, Southampton, Stockton, Whitehaven,

Yarmouth, Ayr, Leith, Port Glasgow, Aberdeen, Kirkwall, any or either of them: And whereas it is expedient that the said Privilege should be extended to the Port of Bsfton be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, Wheat or Wheat Flour, Rye, Pease, Beans, Barley, Beer, Bigg, and Oats,

shall and may be imported into the said Port of Boston, without Payment of Duties, at the same Times, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as are by the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty specified, provided, and enacted, for the lame being imported into the said several other Ports.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August in this present Year and until the twenty-ninth Day of September in this present Year, it shall not be lawful to export from this Kingdom, or to load, ship, or lay on board, in any Ship or other Vessel or Boat, in order to be exported from this Kingdom, any British Corn or Grain, except Barley or Malt exported under the Regulations of the Laws now in force, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof; and that all Corn or Grain so forfeited, shall and may be seized, (ued for, prosecuted, and condemned, in such and the like Manner, and by such and the like:Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Corn or Grain forfeited by any JL»aw now in force may be seized, sued for, prosecuted, and condemned, and that the Produce thereof shall and may be applied in the same Manner as the Produce of any Corn or Grain forfeited by any Law now in force may be applied.

XXIa. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whereas by the Laws now in force, and by the Provisions herein-before contained, certain limited Quantities of certain Sorts of Corn or Grain are allowed to be exported to particular Places specified in the said Laws, and in this Act, notwithstanding that the Prices of such Corn or Grain respectively shall be above the Rates at which the same may be exported, it shall and may be lawful, at any Time previous to the said twenty-ninth Day of September in this present Year, to export to such Places respectively the whole of such limited Quantities of such Sorts of Corn or Grain, or such Quantities as may be still necessary to complete such limited Quantities; or to export Corn or Grain for the tJle of any of his Majesty's Garrisons or Forces, in the same Manner as the same may now by Law be exported; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Regulations, Powers, and Au- Art to com-thorities of this Act, shall commence and take place, and be had, done, executed, apd performed, imme- mmee Sept. 29, diately from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-n;nc, un- ,789* less otherwise specially directed by this Act.

13 Geo. j.e. 4?» recited.

and the Prm* lege thereby granted to

Bristol, &c. extended to Botfos*

From Aag. r, to Sept. 29, 1789, it shall not be lawful to export any BritiQa Coin or Grain, except Barley or Milt, under Penalty of Forfeiture thereof j

except certain limited Quantities allowed by Law to be caponed to par* ticoUr Places, sod I 01 n or Grain for the Use of hit Miiefly’s Gar-rilona cr Forces,

CAP. LIX.

An Act for allowing the like Drawback on Teas, exported to the Islands of and

Jersey, and to Gibraltar, and other Places on the Continent of, and to as

is now allowed on Teas exported to Ireland ox America.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS a Drawback of the Whole of the Duties paid upon Teas, which have been regulai Iy

imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

Indict, and for which the Duties of Customs and Excite have been paid, is allowed to the Exporter on the due Exportation thereof to the Kingdom of Ireland, into the Colonies in America, on certain

580

From Auf. 1,

1789, on Tea expjnerf to J^rley, Guern-try, Gibraltar, or any Place in Europs where there is a British Consul, there shall be allowed the I ke Drawback a* on Tea exp -rted to Ireland or America, on the Conditions herein pre-fcr:bcU«

A like Drawback shall be allowed on the Exportation of Tea to Africa*

How Bonds given for the

Exportation of such Tea shall be discharged.

If such Tea be reUndrd in Britain, or at any Place for which it was not shipped, the Master to forfeit Treble the Value.

No larger Quantities of Teas to be exported than shall be allowed by the Ticafury,

C. 59, 60. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Conditions: And whereas it is expedient that the like Drawbacks should he allowed on the Exportation of such Teas to the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, to Gibraltar, or to any Port or Place on the Continent of Europe where there shall be a feritish Consul resident for the Protection of Trade;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, there shall be paid or allowed to the Exporter or Exporters of Teas, which shall have been regularly imported into this Kingdom by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and on which the whole Duties of Customs and Excise shall have been paid, in case such Teas shall be exported to the Klands of Jersey or Guern fey, or to Gibraltar, or to some Port or Place on the Continent of Europe where there shall be a tiritifl) Consul resident for the Protection of Trade, the like Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise as is now allowed on the Exportation of such Teas to Ireland, or to the British Colonies or Plantations in America, on Condition that the same shall be exported in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Teas are now subject and liable to upon the Exportation thereof for a Drawback to Ireland, or to the British Colonies or Plantations in America: And provided also, That a like Bond shall be given for the due Exportation thereof, with further Condition that the Exporter thereof shall produce a Certificate for such Teas as shall have been entered for Exportation to the Blands of Jersey and Guernsey, under the Hand and Seal of the Lieutenant Governor, or other-Chicf Officer, and of the Principal Officer of the Customs of such Klands reflectively, within the Space of six Months from the Exportation thereof, that the same have been duly landed there \ for such Teas as shall be entered for Exportation to Gibraltar, that the Exporter thereof shall produce a like Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or other Chief Officer there, within the Space of twelve Months from the Exportation thereof; and that for such Teas as shall so be entered for Exportation to any such Port or Place on the Continent of Europe, the Exporter shall produce a like Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the British Consul resident at such Place for the Protection of Trade, within the Space of twelve Months from the Exportation thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a like Drawback shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation of Tea to Africa, as is now allowed on the Exportation thereof to his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, on Bond being entered into by the Merchant Exporter, with sufficient Security to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of such Tea, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall (the Danger of the Seas excepted) be well and truly exported to, and landed in so me Part of the Coast of Africa, and not in any other Port or Place beyond the Seas.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bond which shall be entered into for the Exportation of Tea to Africa, in pursuance of this Act, shall be discharged or delivered up until Prcof is made, by the Oath of the Matter, Mate, Purfcr, or other Person having charge of the Ship or Vessel during the Voyage in which such Goods were exported, that the said Goods, and every Part thereof, were fairly landed or disposed of, in or on some Part of the Coast of Africa, and that no Part thereof had been relanded in any Part of Great Britain, or the Klands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sari, or Man, or any other Part or Place beyond the Seas; and by the Oath of the Merchant Exporter (if living), that to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief, such Goods had been disposed of at the Place or Places mentioned in the Oath of such Master, Mate, Purser, or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel during the Voyage, which Proof shall be made within three Years from the Date of each respective Bond, before the Collector and Comptroller, or other Principal Officer of the Customs at the Port for the Time being where such last mentioned Bond shall be entered into, who are hereby respectively impowered to administer the same; and in case no such Proof shall be made as aforesaid within the respective Times before limited, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain to cause such Bond to be put in (u\t, unless they shall find sufficient Cause to forbear the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Teas, which shall have been shipped for Exportation by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be relanded in any Part of this Kingdom, or landed at any Place other than that for winch the same shall have been ffiinped for Exportation, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel, in or on board which such Tea shall have been shipped for Exportation, shall forfeit Treble the Value thereof: Provided always, That no greater Quantities of Teas shall be exported under the Authority of this Act than the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them for the Time being, shall, twenty-one Days previous to each Quarterly Sale of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, authorise by Warrant under their Hands, directed to the Commissioners of the Customs in England.

CAP. LX.

An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Coffee, imported by the EajU India Company, in the Ship Lord Camden, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 61.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine for farther appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills* Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

1,530,000l. may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the current Year; which may be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills on the Credit of the said Fund. Money lent on Security of this Act not to be rated to any Tax. Tallies of Loan to be {truck, izfc. Orders for Repayment to be registered and paid in course. No Fee to be taken for registering, &c. on Penalty of Treble Damages, with Coils. Not to be deemed undue Preference which Orders of the same Date, brought the same Day, are 44. entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent Orders are paid before prior ones not brought for 4C Payment, if Money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the Sum hereby granted to be raised by Exchequer Bills, in the Manner prescribed by the Malt Act of this Session; 44 the Provisions of which Act (except uich as charge the Bills on the Malt Duty, and limit the Rate of Interest) to extend to this. Bills and Interest, iAc. to be discharged out of the Consolidated Fund. Bank may advance Money on the Credit of this Act. 398,769 /. 1 x. 3 d. remaining in the Hands of the Paymaster General, to be applied in Discharge of the Extraordinaries of the Army, from December 24, 1787, 44 to December 24, 1788. Monies arising by the Malt Act, Land Tax Act, Tontine Act, Annuities, Lottery, Loans, 3,500,000l. farther Loans, 2,000,000l. and 1,530,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund, shall be applied (with the Residue of the Sale of French Prizes) to the Uses hereafter expressed. 44 2,328,570l. for Naval Services for 1789. 220,576l. 15l. 8d. for the Ordinary of the Office of

Ordnance for Land Service, 1789. 9,306l. 4x. id. for Expence of Ditto not provided for, 1788. 44 218,017l. 6s. 4d. for Extraordinaries of Ditto, 1785. 9,620l. and 1,924l. 1 x. 8a. for Military Arti- ficers. 1,518,293l. i6x. 6d. 37. for Land Forets; viz. 638,562l. 14./. id. for 17,448 efedlive Men, Officers, tsV. in Great Britain, &c. 1789. 315,915 /. 8 s. ad. for P orces in the Plantations, &c. 44 1789. 2,891l. 17X. 11 d. 2 q. for Difference between British and Irish Establishments, 1788. 8,245l.

iox. id. for Ditto, 1789. n,43f / 12s. 10d. 2 q. for Regiments serving in the East Indies, 1789,

1,023/ 1 ix. 10d. for Supernumerary Officers, 1788. 10,871l. 14X. 10d. 3 q. for Ditto, 1789.

6,409l. 8x. for General and Staff Officers in Britain, 1789. 63,043l. 5X. to the Paymaster General,

Secretary at War, &c. 172,787l. cx. 5d. for reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines.

212l. 14X. 7d. to reduced Officers, &c. of the Horse Guards, 1789. 3,392l. 14X. 2d. for Officers

late in the Service of the States General. 55,092l. 10 x. for reduced Officers of the British American Forces. 4*907l. 10 x. for Allowances to Ditto. 9,943l. 3*. 3 d. for Widows Pensions. 177,468 /. 8 A. 44 for Chelsea Hospital. 36,093 /. 15X. to the Landgrave of Hesse. 3,500,000l. to discharge Exchequer Bills, 28 Geo. III. 2,000,000l. to discharge further Ditto. 191,3427. 13x. for Secret Services. 35,200l. 44 for the Works at Carleton House. 34,370l. 1x. 4d. issued in pursuance of Addresses of the House of Commons. 6,218l. 17 x. 6d. for the Civil Establishment of Nova Scotia. 5,400l. for New Brunswick. 44 1,900l. for Saint John in America. 2,100l. for Cape Breton. 1,182l. 10 s. for Newfoundland. 4,080l. for the Bahama Islands. 580l. to the Chief Justice of Bermuda. 600l. to the Chief Justice of Dominica.

2,877l. 10 x. for New South Wales. 13,000l. for Forts in Africa. 4,000l. for Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. 3,000l. for the British Miifeum. 2,111 /. 6d. for Money paid to T. Dundas and

J. Pemberton, Efors. Commissioners for American Claims. 41,559l. 11 x. for Money issued for the Relief of American Civil Officers. 1,286l. 19X. 9 d. 3 q. for Money issued to pay Bills drawn by the Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, &c. 2,075l. 6x. id. for Money issued to discharge Bills drawn

" by A. Adillar, Esq. Commissary at New South Irales. 313,659l. 2x. 5 d. for Payment on Orders for Relief of American and East Florida Sufferers. 8,180l. 14X. 4 d. for Money issued to Henry Bradley, Esq.

for maintaining Convicts at Plymouth. 48,417 /. 13 x. 5 d. for Money issued to Duncan Campbell, Esq.

for Convicts on the Thames. 761l. ix. for Money issued to Mr. James Mouatt^ for Expences in the Office of the Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, &c. of publick Offices. 500l. for Money issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed by 28 Geo. III. Cap. 54. 3,000l. for Money issued to

the Commissioners of the Land Revenues, goo I. to the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses in East Florida. 4,693l. 8x. 6d. for Money issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses of American Loyalists. 3,000l. for Losses sustained by John Reeder^ Esq. in Jamaica.

20,312l. 6 s. 4d. for Money issued on Account of the Trial of Warren Hqjiings, Esq. 331,649l. i8x.

3^« 3 7* for Deficiency of Grants, 1788. By 28 Geo. III. Cap. 26. a Sum not exceeding 172,770l. 3 s.

was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers for 1788. The Overplus of which Sum to be disposed of to Officers maimed, isle, or to their Widows and Children, as his Majesty shall direcE Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, KAc. lost or destroyed, may be made out under certain Regulations."

<2. 62, 63. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have fuftered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Distensions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

ic John I hi If not Esq. Colonel Robert Kin"ft on. Colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh E(b. Jeremy Pem- i>crt:n Esq. and Robert Mackenzie Esq. are constituted Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and may examine Parties on Oath. Persons delivering in fraudulent Claims to be excluded from any Compensation. Persons giving falle Evidence to be liable to the Penalties of Perjury. Commissioners to enquire into Claims made previous to June 3, 1788, for Losses by furnishing Provisions for the Navy or Army in America during the late War, &c. Commissioners may receive the Claims of certain Persons named in the Act; but not to report on their cases, unless they receive Proof of the Parties having been 14 prevented from.delivering their Claims in due Time. Commissioners to give an Account of their Pro- ceedirigs to the Treasury and Secretaries of State. Treasury to pay 2,000l. to the Commissioners for paying Clerks, £sV. Commissioners may receive Half Pay. In case of the Death, £&. of a Com- ini (Goner during the Receb of Parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. This Act to continue till Jlarch 25, 1790."

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to exempt all Piece Goods wove in this Kingdom, and which shall be sold by Auction, from the Duty imposed on such Sales 5 for exempting Persons licensed to retail Spirituous Liquors from the Payment of the Duties imposed on such Licences, who shall leave off retailing such Liquors before the Expiration of the Time for which such Licences shall be granted; and for obliging Persons who shall deal in Brandy, not being Retailers, Rectifiers, or Distillers, to take out Licences for that Purpose.

[Preamble,

*7 Geo. j. c. 13. recited.

From Oct. I,

1789, Piece Gcodf wove in (hit Kingdom may be (old in the Quantity taken tiora the Lootr, and in Lott of the Price of «ol. or upwards, without paying the Auction Duty im-posed by the recued Act j but not in any o;her than entered Places, nor unlrfs the Gouda ere expo fed at the Sale,

Aur inneer t« give Security for delivering at ti e next Excise Office, an Account of the Sale of such Goods, fee.

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, JVares, and Merchandise, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the Natisnul Debt,) an Excise Duty of Sevenpence is chargeable for every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain (among other Goods and Chattels) of all Piece Goods, and other Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in Great Britain: And whereas it would greatly encourage the Manufacture of such Goods in this Kingdom, if the same were allowed to be sold by Auction entire as the same were taken from the Loom, and in Lots of a certain Price, for or on Account of the Manufacturers or first Purchasers thereof respectively, free of the said Duty Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, all Goods whatsoever, woven or fabricated in the Loom in this Kingdom, which shall be fold entire in the Piece or Quantity in which the same were taken from the Loom, and in Lots, each Lot whereof shall be of the Price ot twenty Pounds Sterling or upwards, shall and may be sold by publick Sale, by way of Auction, in Lots as aforesaid, for or on the Account of the Manufacturers or first Purchasers thereof respectivcrly, by any Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, but not otherwise, free of the said Duty.

II. Provided always, That no Person shall be exempted from the Payment of the said Duty, for or io respect of any such Goods sold by way of Auction, unless such Sale shall be carried on in some Ware-house. Room, or Place, whereof a true and particular Entry in Writing shall have been made with the proper Officer at the next Office of Excise within the Limits where such Warehouse, Room, or Place shall be situated, and unless such Goods shall be openly shewn and exposed at the Time and Place of such Sale.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That every Person acting as Auctioneer, at every such publick Sale by way of Auction as aforesaid, shall, over and besides the Bond now directed by Law to be given on receiving his Licence, give further Security by Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, ifl tue Sum of five thousand Pounds, with two or more Sureties, which Security the Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them for the Time being, in England and Scotland respectively, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners respectively shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, are hereby authorised and impowered to take, that he will, within fourteen Days after such Sale at Auction of any Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom as aforesaid, deliver, at the next Office of Excise within fadI Limits as aforesaid, a true, exact, and particular Account in Writing of the several Lots and Parcels of such Goods which shall have been fold, the Amount of the Money bid at such Sale, and the Price of cadi Lot and Parcel; and further, that he will not at apy Time knowingly offer or put up for Salc1 or fell it

Audios,

Bonds to be put

ir» Suit for Brrach thereof.

*7 Hen. 3. reci ed.

3°«

A.D. 17^9*. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 63. 583

Auction, any Piece Goods or other Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom out of this Kingdom, or any Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in this Kingdom which shall not be offered or put up for Sale c*r fold entire in the Piece or Quantity in which the same were taken from the Loom, and in Lots as aforesaid, for or on the Account of the Manufacturer or first Purei.afer thereof, without charging, for every twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money thereof, the said Duty, according to the Rules and Directions of an Act of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, (intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences i: Is f ken out by all Persons acting as Auctioneers \ and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, HouJ'cs, Gv* r, and other Things sold by Auction; and upon Indentures, Leaf's, Bonds, Deeds, and other In/lrutnents,) and that he will not be concerned in any untrue or fraudulent Contrivance or Device with Intent to sell any Piece Goods, or other Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear that the Party entering into such Rond hath acted contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of such Bond, and of this present Act, it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners of Excite to cause every such Bond to be put in Suit.

V. And whereas by an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

(intituled, An Act for laying additional Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Persons dealing by Retail in Spirituous LiquorsJ reciting, that it was expedient that additional Duties should be paid by all Persons who should take out Licences to deal by Retail in Spirituous Liquors, it is enacted, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven, there should be raised, levied, collected,

and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Sums in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, for and upon ail Licences to be taken out annually in Manner in the said Act mentioned, by all Persons who shall retail any diililled Spirituous Liquors, or Strong Waters,

within Great Britain: And whereas divers Persons who take out such Licences do afterwards, and before the Expiration of such Licences, leave off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, and thereby cease to derive any Profit to themselves from such Licences, although they still continue liable to make good the future Payments by the said Act directed to be made for or in respect of such Licences ;* be it therefore enacted.

That no Person or Persons who now is or are, or hereafter shall be, duly licensed to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors, and who shall, before the Expiration of any such Licence by the said Act directed to be taken out, give to the Collector or Supervisor of Excile of the Collection or District in which such Person or Persons shall reside, one Month’s previous Notice of his, her, or their Intention to leave off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, and shall also, within such one Month, leave off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, shall be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever by the said Act directed to be paid, at any Time after he, she, or they shall so leave off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors; and all and every such Licence shall, from and immediately after the Expiration of such one Month, become null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whose Licence or Licences to retail distilled Spirituous Liquors, granted under or by virtue of the said Act, is or are now expired, and who, before the Expiration of such his, her, or their Licence or Licences, actually left off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors, shall be liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever by the said Act directed to be paid, at any Time after he, me, or they, so left off the retailing of Spirituous Liquors: Provided always never-thelels, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any such Person Or Persons to the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been at any Lime heretofore actually paid by him, her, or them, In pursuance of the said Act.

the Itepiyraent of any Sum actually paid.

Pei fbn< e’v:n» a Month's Nj-tics'to the Super vi for of tji-cifr, of ihcir Intention to leave oil rerail-irg Spirituous L’quors, not ;o be liable »o rfe Payment of any Morey imposed by rrci'ed i-fter hey shall have so left < ti j nor Pe fons wh *fe Licen e*

re expired, snd who, b< fore the Expiration thereof, left flf retailing Spirituous Liquor*; but no Prrion 10 be entitled to

VII. And whereas, by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, (intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by the Makers of and Dealers in exciseable Commodities therein mentionedJ it was enacted, That, from and after the tenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, no Person or Persons who then did, or at any Time thereafter should deal in Brandy, not being a Retailer, nor a Rectifier, nor a Distiller, should presume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Benefit, either publickly or privately, to deal in Brandy, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose in Manner therein-after mentioned, before he, she, or they f 4 should so deal in Brandy, for which Licence he, she, or they should immediately, on taking out thereof, pay down for the same the Sum of five Pounds: And whereas no pecuniary Penalty is by Law provided, for or imposed on Persons guilty of Offences contrary to the said recited Clause, and it is expedient that such pecuniary Penalty should be provided and imposed be it therefore enacted, That, from and after v the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, no Person or Persons who now doth or do, or at any Time hereafter shall deal in Brandy, not being a Retailer or Retailers, nor a Rectifier or Rectifiers, nor a Distiller or Distillers duly licensed, shall prelume, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, cither publickly or privately, to deal in Brandy, without first taking out such a Licence for that Purpose in Manner in that Behalf directed in and by the said Act; and if, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, any Person or Persons who now doth or do, or at any Time hereafter shall deal in Brandy, not being a Retailer or Retailers, Rectifier or Rectifiers, or a Distiller or Distillers* shall presume, by him. her, or themselves, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their Benefit, cither publickly or privately, to deal in

Brandy,

Ge*. 3. Srir. a. c. 41.. recited.

From ©&. 1 Of

1789, Persons de.ling in Uriody without being licensed according to recited Act, rot being Retailer* Redifier*, or Distiller*, to forfeit look

---

584 C. 64 - 66. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Brandy, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose, in the Manner in that Behalf directed by the said Act, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to authorise the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and one of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue.

"The Lords of the Treasury may appoint two Commissioners of the Customs in England, and one in Scotland, to enquire into the Emoluments of their Officers upon Oath; who shall lay the Result of their Inquiry before the Treasury. Treasury may issue 1,500l. to pay Clerks, &c. Persons taking a false Oath to be guilty of Perjury, &c. This Act to continue in force till September 1, 1790, and no longer; except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in consequence of any Offence committed in Violation of this Act."

CAP. LXV.

An Act to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing their Capital Stock.

---

The East India Company, with the Approbation of the Treasury, may increase their Capital Stock 1,000,000l.; and may pay the like Dividends on the additional as on the present Stock of the Company. Preference in subscribing for the additional Stock may be given to the present Proprietors. At September 1, 1789, if the Subscriptions shall exceed the Sum proposed to be sold, a proportionable Deduction to be made from each Subscription; and if they fall short, the Deficiency to be disposed of to others. The Directors may contract for the Sale of the Whole to one or more Persons. Receipts to be given for Payments, which shall be transferable, &c. If Subscribers fail in making good all Payments, their Stock may be sold to any other Persons, and the Deposits to be forfeited."

a8 Geo. 3’C 54.

From A up. t. 1789, no Vessel clearing out from Great Britain to carry SUtret from Africa in greater Numbers tha t herein specified.

Vessel? to be

dti-.m-d of he Tonnage set for h in 'feir Certificates oi Rfgi.Uy. Maliers of Vef-leij to fcrfe.t 30l. for ererjr Slave exceeding the li iced Number.

If more ti>an a-sih if tte biases t>c Chil-dr* n, 5 or the Sure m to k,t dt n.ei tq al f0 4 Slaves.

---

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament,

[28 Geo.3. c.54.]

---

intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And whereas it is expedient to continue the said Act, and further to regulate the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Exeunt Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port of this Kingdom, from and after the first Day of August one thouGmd seven hundred and eighty-nine, to have on board at any one Time, or to convey, carry, bring,* or transport Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Part beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of five such Slaves for every three Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and moreover of one such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel, ovej* and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons, or Male Slaves who shall exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, in any greater Number than in the Proportion of one such Male Slave to every one Ton of the Burthen of such ship or Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one Tons, and (moreover) of three such Male Slaves (who shall exceed the said Height of four Feet four Inches) for every additional five Tons of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of two hundred and one Tons; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the rdpedive Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in purfiance of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; and if any such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall act contrary hereto, such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every such Slave exceeding in Number the Proportions herein-before limited, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons whofti^ll first sue for the same; Provided always, That if there mail be in any such Ship or Vessel any more than two-fifth Parts of the Slaves who shall be Children, and who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height, then every five such Children (over and above the aforesaid Proportion of two-firths) shall be deemed and taken to be equal to four of the said Slaves, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

C.

A.D. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 66.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Arrival of any such Ship or Vessel in any island in the West Indies, belonging to or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, from the Coast of Africa^ carrying or conveying any such Slaves as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, before any of the Paid Slaves shall be unthipped or landed from such Ship or Vessel, repair to the neared Custom House, and thtre declare on Oath, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel, and shall at the same Time shew to such Officer the Certificate of the Registry thereof, and shall also deliver to the said Officer upon Oath (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) an exact and true Account of the greatest Number of such Slaves (distinguishing the Number of Males and Females, and specifying the Number of such Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Height of four Feet four Inches), who were or shall have been at any one Time in or on board such Ship or Vessel, before, when, or after such Ship or Vessel quitted or departed from the Coast of Africa for that Voyage; and if such Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall unship or land, or shall cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such Slaves, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every such Ostence, and one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety shall go to the Person or Persons who shall first lue for the lame; and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and he is hereby required to search, or to cause Search to be made in every Part of such Ship or Vessel, to fee and to take an Account of the Number of such Slaves on board such Ship or Vessel, and to fpreily in such Account the Number of Males and Females, and also the Number of Slaves not exceeding four Feet four Inches in Height, and without Delay to transmit such Account, attested under his Hand and Seal, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds: Provided always, That in case the said Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall be absent, or that there shall be no such Officer in any such island where the said Ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no other Officer of the Revenue, then any Civil Officer in the said island shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon Application as aforesaid, to administer the said Oath to such Matter or other Person taking or having the Charge of such Vessel, and to receive the said Declaration of the Burthen of such Ship as aforesaid, and to perform all the other Duties aforesaid which the said Collector, or other Chief Officer of the CJustoms, is hereby required to perform.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, which shall be cleared out from any Port in Great Britain after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, to take or have on board such Ship or Vessel, or convey, carry, bring, or transport any Slaves from the Coast of Africa to any Parts beyond the Seas, in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, unless such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time of her so clearing out, have been entered for such Purpose at the Custom House of the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel cleared out, and unless the Surgeon of or belonging to such Ship or Vessel shall have given Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall have left the same in the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall depart for such Voyage to the Coast of Africa, in the penal Sum of one hundred Pounds, with Condition that such Surgeon shall keep a regular and true Journal, containing an Account of the greatest Number of Slaves which shall have been at any Time during such Voyage on board such Ship or Vessel, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa as aforesaid until her Arrival at the Port of her Delivery, distinguishine the Number of Males and Females, and of the Deaths of any such Slaves, or Crew of the said Ship or Vessel, and of the Cause thereof, during the Voyage, from the first Departure of the said Ship or Vessel to her Arrival on the Coast of Africa, during her Stay on the said Coast, and after her Departure from thence to the said Port of Delivery, or during such Time as such Surgeon shall have been on board such Ship or Vessel: and that the said Surgeon shall deliver such Journal to the Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, at the first British) Port where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive after leaving the Coast of Africa^ and (hartl make Oath to the Truth of such Journal, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, before such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the said Oath; and such Collector, or other Officer as aforesaid, mail deliver to such Master or other Person as aforesaid, and to such Surgeon respectively, Copies of the Oath of such Master or other Person as aforesaid, and also of the said Journal; which Copies shall severally be attested (as true Copies) by such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, under his Hand and Seal, and Duplicates of the said Copies, attested in like Manner, shall be transmitted by the said Collector, or other Chief Officer, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London: And if such Master or Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall carry his Cargo of Slaves to, and land the Whole or any Part in, any Port or Ports not subject to the Crown of Great Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any British island or Port, having delivered his whole, or any Part of his laid Cargo, such Master or other Person, and also the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, shall make the same Declaration, deliver in the same Journal to, and take the same Oaths before, the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs, or Civil Officer, of the island or Port, and receive the same attested Certificate, in like Manner as if he had first arrived at such island or Port; and if the said Ship or Vessel shall not arrive at any British island or Port before her Return to Great Britain, then the said Master or other Person, and Surgeon, shall make the said Declaration, deliver in the said Journal to, and take the said Oaths before, the ly Collector

585

M.fler of Vrf-I 1 f, bef< re h X I and any Mjvc» in the Wcl 'n-die*, tr» declare u pnn Oar h be -so e the Officer of the Cui’.om?, the Hurtheo of the Vessel,

and if they land Slaves contrary herrto, to forfeit

500l.

Offirerof the Customs to rake an Account <‘t the Mav-s on hoard such Vessels, Scc. of Penal.v of $ol. Where there is no t.fficerof the Customr, any Civil Officer to receiveth: Oath of the Master, &c.

No Vessel to Carry any Slaves, unhfs entered for that Purpose at clearing cur, a^d unless the Surgeon give Bond to keep a Jourrr I of the Slave during the Voyage j

which Journal ii 10 be delivered to the Officer of the Cnft 'ms at (he first British Port of Arrival, &c.

Officer to deliver to the Master a Copy of hia Oath, and to the Surgeon a Copy of h>» Journal, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioneri

of the Custeois.

586

C. 66. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Mist^rsor Sur* (eons a ling conttary hereto to forfeit tool.

Ad (o extend to

Ship v» hich failed before Au*. 1, 175"'9»if a Copy be delivered to the Co 1 minde*- before he has taken in more than the limited Number;

and if at ruch U« livery there shall be oft board a Number or any Drfoip-ti m beyond the allowed Proportions, no more of that Description is to be re-

Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port where they shall first land, which the Cdl^or or other Chief Officer is hereby impowered and required to receive and administer, and the said Collector or other Chief Officer shall forthwith transmit the lame to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in London; and if such Mailer or Surgeon shall act contrary hereto, such Master or Surgeon shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety whereof shall go to his Majestyv his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety thereof shall go to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Provisions contained in this Act shall extend and be in force with respefit to such British Ships as aforesaid as shall have failed before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, from any Port of Great Britain, and shall on the Coast of Africa take on board and convey any Slaves to any Parts beyond the Seas, in all Cases where a printed Copy thereof shall be delivered to the Commander or principal Officer of any such Ship, before such Ship shall have taken in a greater Number of Slaves than in the Proportions herein-before limited: Provided always, That if any such British Ship as aforesaid shall have on board a greater Number of the said Slaves than in such Proportions as aforesaid at the Time the Copy of this Act is delivered to such Commander or principal Officer, or other Person having charge of the same as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for such Commander or principal Officer as aforesaid, or any ether Person having charge of the same, to receive on board any more of the said Description of Slaves than shall have been on board at the Time of the said Copy of this Act being delivered as aforesaid, or of any other Description of Slaves, so as to exceed in the whole the Proportions herein-before described, reckoning five Children who shall not exceed four Feet four Inches in Height as equal to four grown Slaves as aforesaid; and if any such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall act contrary hereto, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of thirty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for every such Slave so taken on board, one Moiety of the said Forfeiture shall ro to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

ceived, nor of any other, so as to exceed in the wh. le the p*escribed Proportions. Master* ailing contrary hereto, to forfeit 301* for each Slave.

Admiral ? to V. And, in order to the due Execution of this Act with respect to such Ships as shall have failed previous a; pom: erf ni first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High thef «rnmincer* Admiral of Great Britain to appoint a proper Person or Persons to deliver Copies thereof to the Corner ship* (hat manders or other principal Officers who shall be on board such Ships or Vessels, which Person or Persons so luilid pri, r to appointed shall be and he and they is and are hereby authorised to take an Account of the Number of the

A«jg 1, »7‘*9» Slaves, their Sex, and such of them as shall exceed the Height of four Feet four Inches, on board such

Account of the Ships as they shall find on the Coast of Africa, or the Seas adjacent thereto, at the Times the/ shall deliver

Slave-. the printed Copies of this Act on board the same, by muttering the said Slaves; and the said Person or

Such; erfonsto Persons to be appointed as aforesaid shall, with as little Delay as possible, transmit to each of the Collectors Oou Lists of the of the Customs in the Brit if) Islands in the West Indies a List of the Ships on board of which Copies of Ships to which this Act shall have been delivered as herein-before directed, and of the Names of the Commanded the vtf h-.s been thereof, together with such Account so taken in each Vessel as aforesaid, Copies of which Lifts and Ac-toIh-T-oi c lots C;VJ, US Coliedors shall forthwith transmit to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in

©I the: u.'toin* Loni.cn, i 1 it.e ijiiulli West indies, &c.

Comrrand-*r*, tec. obstrueful? t-ie P rl m ap jtotr.ted by he sidmirjity, to forfeit ico U

Act not to extend to Ships Sa ving on b< ard Sla* trs f^un I shipwrecked, &c.

The upper and lower Cabin, and the space between Decks, to be also ted to the Slaves.

If any Person take the Charge of Vessel, who is not qualified

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commander or Officer, or other Person on board of any such British Ship as aforesaid, shall obitrud or hinder any Person or Persons to be appointed by the Commissioners (or executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, as herein* before diredeJ, from examining and ascertaining the Number of Slaves in any such Ship or Vessel in Manner aforesaid, such Commander or Officer, or other Person so obit rut ling or hindering as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, one Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the same: Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Cale of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or insurrection among the Slaves or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship or continuing the Voyage, the Proof of which shall lie upon the Master or other Person having charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Ship or Vessel the upper as well as the lower Cabin, and the Space between Decks, shall be allotted and properly prepared for the Reception of such Slaves; and that after any such Ship or Vessel shall have taken two-third Parts of her Complement of Slaves on board, in the Proportions herein-before limited, no Goods, Wares, or Merchandise shall ever be flowed or put in any such Cabin or Place in which any such Slave shall be.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, it shall not be lawful for any Person to become a Master, or take or have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel at the Time he shall clear out from any Port of Great Britain for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless (ueb Master or

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 66. 587

Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall have delivered in to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall clear out, a Certificate attested by the respective Owner or Owners, Surgeon, Chief or other Mate of the Vessel or Vessels in which he shall have made such Voyage or Voyages, that he has already served in such Capacity during one Voyage, or shall have served as Chief Mate or Surgeon during the Whole of two Voyages, or either as Chief or other Mate during three Voyages in purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such Mailer or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, and also the Owner or Owners who shall hire or employ such Person, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, it shall ni t be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel to infuie any Cargo of Slaves, or any Part thereof, on board the same, against any Loss or Damage, save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Inlurre&ion, or Capture by the King's Enemies, Barratry of the Mailer and Crew, and Destruction by Eire; and that all and every Policy of insurance hereafter made contrary to this Act, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to dear out, unless it shall appear to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port that there is one Surgeon at lead engaged to proceed on board such Ship or Vessel, and unless such Surgeon shall have produced and delivered to such Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs, a Certificate of his having pa (led his Examination at Surgeon’s Hall, or at some Publick or County Hospital, or at the Royal College of Physicians, or Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, of which Certificate the said Collector or other principal Officer shall give to the said Surgeon an auefted Copy gratis.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made ap|>cnr, to the Satisfaction of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be discharged, that there shall not have died more than in the Proportion of uvo Slaves in the hundred, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Veiled on the Coast of Africa, to the lime of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in any of the Islands of the West Indies belonging to, or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in such Case the Collector or other principal Officer shall and he is hereby authorised and required to make out Certificates, specifying the Number of Slaves that appear to have been taken on board the said Ship or Vessel, and the Number that have died within the Period above-mentioned, one of which Certificates shall be delivered to the Mailer, and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel; and on Production of such Certificates the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively, shall and they are hereby authorised and required to direct the Sum of one hundred Pounds to be paid to the Master, and the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, out of any Money that shall be in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs of England and Scotland respectively; or if it shall be made appear to the Collector or other principal Officer as aforesaid, that there shall not have died more than in the Proportion of three Slaves in the Hundred, from the Time of the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel on the Coast of Africa, to the Time of her Arrival at her Port of Discharge in any of the said West India Islands, in such Case the Collector or principal Officer as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required and authorised to make out like Certificates, and to deliver one to the Master, and the other to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel, and the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, on Production of such Certificates, to direct the Sum of fifty Pounds to be paid to the Master, and the Sum of twenty-five Pounds to be paid to the Surgeon of such Ship or Vessel.

dred, which will entitle the Master to 50b and the

at herein directed, he Dull forfeit 501. at also the Owner who shall employ him.

No In fa ranee to be made against any Lofi, except the Peiili if ihc Se Ac,

No Vessel to be cleared out that has not a Surgeon who has passed his £*-aaojL.aiioo.

If the Officer at the Fort of Discharge shall be faiished thst there have not died oa the Voyage more than ft Slaves in the loo, he is to give Certificate* 10 the Master and Surgeon, and on Production thereof to the Commissioners of the Cuf-tomi, they are to order the Master tool* and the Surgeon 501.

Like Certificates to be given where the Mortality has not been more thart 3 in the bun* Surgeon to *51.

XII. And whereas it is just-and warrantable that Compensation should be made to Individuals who may Commissioneri have sustained Losses in consequence of the Act made in the fail Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to It0(ing!1’«c lnt, regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africaconh^owee be it further enacted, That Brook Watson Esquire, Samuel Beachcrtfl Esquire, and fVHHam Roe Esquire, of *8 Geo. 3. shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of enquiring into any Loiles which c 54. by Ter-may have been sustained in consequence of the aforesaid Act, by any Merchants or Owners of any Ships or f°«» *hob»?e Vessels engaged in the African Trade, who shall have made Application to the said Commissioners before *PP,edPr l# the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight; and that all Persons having made Socb Perilmto such Applications shall, as soon as they are enabled so to do, lav before the said Commissioners full State- Uy befo e the tnents of the Grounds of their respective Claims, specifying the Particular* of all the Expences, net Pro- Commissioners ceeds, Profits, or Lodes attending the Voyage or Adventure in respect of which such Application shall the Grouni* of have been made, together with all such Circumstances as shall appear to the said Commissioners necessary for ^crlr CUll"v their Information, in order to ascertain the Loiles of the Persons so applying; and the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall have Power to examine upon Oath, touching the Matters of the said Claims, all Persons whom the said Commissioners shall think fit, and all Persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall appoint; and commissioner* the said Commissioners, as soon as they shall have completed the Examination of the several Claims laid to^tcrin^e the before them, shall determine the Amount of the Losses which bona fide have been sustained by any of the said Amount of *9 Geo. III. 4 H Claimants, Lffir, <c-

588 C. 66. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

port to Parliament the is. om. pcnf.iion to be mjde.

Corntmllicner* to <*ke tnc lolloping

Claimants, in consequence of the aforesaid Act, and which the said Claimants shall not hava, been able to avoid, and shall report, as soon as conveniently may be, to both Houses of Parliament, what Compensation IhHl appear to the said Commissioners to be reasonable to be made to such Claimants* and the said Commissioners, before they proceed to take any Step in pursuance of this Act, shall take an Oath before the Matter of the Rolls for the Time being, or one of iris Majesty's Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or one oY the Barons or tiic Exchequer (which they or tuner of them are hereby authorised and requited to admimiUr), in the Form following \ (iuat i? tohy,)

Oath, "I A.B. do swear. That, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, 1 will faithfully and im-

46 pania-iy execute the several rowers and Trusts veiled in me by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act to

4C continue a i.nitca Prne, and amend an Act, mane in the last Scfon of Pornament, in tunic a, " An Act 41 to rtgtdoie, fj. a tea Pi me, tnc Jurying and car? yin* Staves in Bruifil I'rjfels from the Cutft of ct Africa."

Trfafmy t»* order 2,1 cel, «o be >(lu-d lot ihe P»> ment ot CJtilti, Sec,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, or the Lord High Trealm tr for the Time being, is ai d are hereby author ffied and required to dice and cause to be paid all such Sums or Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons

by W

under their Hands, tic lire or diie^t, out of any i'art of toe

His Majesty to spj tint ir> V »-car rie* of Corr.-m ffiorers during the Reeefi of Parliament*

Before any Vessel is cleared outwards. the K1 after, Othcen, and Mariner!,

H execute Articles of Agreement, Sec in the Forms hereunto annexed j and no «iher Form to be used, n Penalty of 50I,

Muller Rnil to be regularly kept, dec.

Penalty for signing fa'.fe Muller Kelli, &c.

No Officer, &c. to be turned ter or discharged, hut under the Cir-eumft^ncei herein mend-cned.

No Slops, &c. t > be 1 u/p tied beyond 1.4th of the monthly Wa^et,

as the said Commissioners than,

Publick Monies remaining in his Ivi.ijdty's Exchequer* winch Sum so iffiatd and paid shall be employed l\»r the Payment of Clerks, Alehengers, ai.ci other Officers, and m defraying ah other neceiLry Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, and in such Manner, and, in such Proportions, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, by Writing unuer their Handi and Seal? in:that behalf; the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall be lifuctl and paid, according to the Course of his Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fee or other Charges to be taken or demanded for cue hilling and Payment of the same, or on the passing or the luH Accounts, other than loch Sum as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and which Money lo issued shall not be subject to any 1 ax, Duty, Rate, or AiLiiment what-loever nnposed by Authority of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Resignation of any one or more of the Lid Commissioners during the Receis of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his i\l a jesty to nominate and appoint such person or Pencils as he may think proper, to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies, and that every Person lo nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be inveited With all the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act.

XV. And for the better Regulation, Encouragement, and Preservation of the Health of the Officers and Seamen employed in Ships and Vessels trading to the Coast of Africa for Slaves* and from thence to the West Indies and America,* be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-niue, before any Ship ,or Vefei is cleared outwards from any Port in Great Britain, the Mailer, Udicers, and Manners, shall sign and execute Articles of Agreement, and a Muller Roll, in the Presence of, and: witnessed by the Clearing Officer, and one of the Tidesmen of the Port from whence the Ship departs, and :a Duplicate of the Articles of Agreement and Muller Roll, duly ligned and executed, shall be delivered to tire aforesaid Clearing OiEcer, in order to its bcifig lodged with the proper Officer in the Custom House, according to thtf Forms hereunto annexed, which Agreement shall be conclusive to all Parties for the Time contracted for; and no other Form whatsoever of Articles of Agreement or Muller Roll shall be used, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, one PL It to be paid to the Use of Greemiich Holjmal, and the other Half to the informer, or other Person who shall lue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Continuation of the Muller Roll shall be regularly and duly kept during the Voyage, also a Log Book, wherein all Penalties, P'orteitures, and Charges, against any Officer or Seaman, shall oe regularly, entered, and ligned by the Mailer, Chief Mate, and Surgeon, and delivered in upon Oath, together with the Muller Roll, on the Arrival ol* the Sffip or Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain, to the Collector or outer Chief Officer thereof* and K any Mailer, Chief Mate, or Surgeon, shall be convicted of signing fdlfe M.ufter Rolls, Articles of Agreement, or Log Book, he or they mall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also fuher iix Months imprisonment. ’

XVII. And be it further enacted, 1'hat no Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall be turned over or dffi-charged upon any Pretence* whatsover, unless to aihlt a Ship jn, actual Dillrels, which is to be certified by the principal Officers of both Ships concerned, and an Agreement made in Writing with the said Officers or Men so ient, or upon Preferment, with the Content of the Party, for which a Certificate shall be given from the Captain of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels (if any are present), or in their Absence two Justices of the Peace, or the ColiedYor and Comptroller of the Cuiloms at the Place or Port where such Ship or Vessel shall be or shall rirfl arrive; which Certificate shall be returned wim ffie Muller Roll and Log Book, 00 the Arrival of the Ship at her delivering Port in Great Britain* ,.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer, Commander, or dther Person shall supply the Officers or Mariners, Seamen, or Seataring Men, with more Slops, Tobacco, Spirits, or any other Article whatsoever, than to the Amount of one-fourth Part of the monthly W ages of such Officer, Mariner* Seaman, or Seafaring Man.

2 XLX. And

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. -C. 66. 5^9

---

[Regulations with regard to Officers, &c. behaving in a riotous seditious, or mutinous Manner.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious, or mutinous Manner, it shall be lawful for the Commander or Commanding Officer to put such Officer, Mariner, or Seaman into Confinement for a Time not exceeding twenty-four Hours, before the same is reported to the Captain or Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels (being present, or within a convenient Distance), who is hereby authorised to inquire into the Cause of such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath, if found necessary, and to grant such Relief and Remedy therein as the Circumstances of the Case may require; and in case none of his Majesty's Ships are present, the Cause of Complaint shall be fully examined into by the Master and two Officers, in the Presence of the Ship's Company; and if it shall be judged necessary for the Safety of the Ship and Cargo to continue the Offender or Offenders in Confinement, such Determination shall be drawn up in Writing, with the Reasons for coming to such Resolution stated at large, and signed by the Master and two Officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to report without Delay to the Captain or Commander of the first Ship or Vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the same to the Governor or Chief Officer of any British Fort on the Coast of Africa, or to the Governor of any of the West India Islands, on their Arrival at any Port or Road therein, that such Measures may be taken to bring the Offender or Offenders to Justice as the Nature of the Case will admit.

[Master to cause a printed Abstract of this Act, &c. to be hung up in the most publick Place in his Vessel, on Penalty of 20l.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, shall cause a printed Abstract of this Act, and also a Copy of the Schedule (A), and of the Muster Roll respectively annexed to this Act, to be hung up and affixed to the most publick Place of such Ship or Vessel; and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that at all Times they may be accessible to the Officers and Seamen on board of such Ship or Vessel, upon pain that every such Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

[If mutinous Officers, &c. be taken into Custody by Order of a Governor in Africa, or the West Indies, a Statement upon Oath to be lodged with the Governor, &c. and if the Master shall not appear at the Trial, he shall incur such Penalty as the Court shall adjudge.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Mariner, or Seaman, charged with Mutiny or Sedition, shall be delivered over or taken into Custody by the Order of the Governor or Chief Officer of any Port on the Coast of Africa, or the Governor of any of the Islands in the West Indies, a full Statement upon Oath (which they are hereby empowered to administer) shall be made out and lodged with the said Governor, together with the Names of the Witnesses who are to support the Charge alledged against the Prisoner or Prisoners, in order to their being sent Home for Trial in the High Court of Admiralty for the Offence or Offences alledged against him or them; and in case the said Master or Commander of the said Ship or Vessel shall neglect to appear at the Trial, upon being duly summoned, or publick Notice of Trial being given in the London Gazette, he shall not only be nonsuited, but shall incur such further Penalty as the Court shall adjudge.

[Officers, &c. to continue in full Pay until the Vessel is cleared inwards.]

---

Mjft-r focauCe a printed Ah.

of this Act, &c. to be hung up in 1 he rroU pub.ii k Place in hi*

tody by Order of a Governor in Africa, or the West Indies, a Statement upon Oath to be lodged with the Governor, Scc. and if the Maf-

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Arrival of every Ship or Vessel at her discharging Port in Great Britain the Officers and Seamen therein shall be continued in full Pay and Provisions until the Ship is cleared Inwards, or their Accounts Settled and paid; and that all Wages due to Run Men shall be forfeited and paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and all other Forfeitures shall be applied as is specified in the Articles of Agreement, any Custom, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed in Breach or Violation of this Act may be tried in an^ Court of Oyer and Terminer in any County in England wherein any such Offence shall have been committed, or in case such Offence shall have been committed in Parts beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which such Offence shall have been committed shall have, cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex; and any Penalty or Forfeiture infixed by this Act may be prosecuted, died for, and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain; and in every such Action or Suit the Party against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff or Defendant) shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards; and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay.

[Persons taking false Oaths to incur the Pains of Perjury, &c.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person taking any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury.

[Continuance of This Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force till the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, and no longer, except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, or hearing and determining upon such Causes and Claims as shall have been made or come before the Commissioners appointed by this Act, for Compensation of Losses sustained under the Regulations of and within the Time limited by this Act.

Where Offences may be tried an4 Penalties fue4 for.

AfHoni miy he

brought within, three Year> after thr Offence.

C. 66. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

SCHEDULE (A).

ARTICLES of Agreement between the Matter, Officers Mariners, Seamen, and Seafaring Men, of the Ship bound from the Port of upon

an intended Voyage to the Coast of Africa^ for from thence to the Weft

Indies or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering

Port in Europe.

pIRST, the Matter does hereby covenant, agree, and engage with the said Officers, Seamen, Seafaring Mjii, Landsmen, and Boys, That he wui pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them at the Kate of the Wages per Month, Sterling Value, as against each Person's Name is expressed in the Mutter Roll.

Secondly, The said Matter does further agree and engage with the said Officers, Mariners Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, That they shall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome Victuals, and a Portion of Wine or Spirits, as hereafter specified; the said Provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual Manner in which it is done on board his Majesty's Ships of War, and served out to the Ship’s Company in the Manner following; videlicet,

Sunday*

Monday. Tuesday.

Wednesday.

Thursday.

Friday.

Saturday.

One Pound and an Half of Beef, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and Half a Pint of Flour.

One Pound of Pork, containing sixteen Ounces to the Pound, and Half a Pint of Pease. One Pint of Oatmeal, and two Ounces of Butter, and four Ounces of Cheese; or one Pound of Stock Fish, with oiu-eighth of a Pint of Oil, and a Quarter of a Pint of Vinegar, in lieu of Butter and Cheese.

The same as Monday.

The same as Sunday.

The same as Tuesday.

The same as Monday.

Each Person besides to have six Pounds of Bread per Week, and a Quarter of a Pint of Spirits, or Haifa Pint of Wine, per Day, during the Voyage.

In lieu of Pease and Oatmeal shall be served Rice, Indian Corn, Yams, or Calavances.

In case of being put to Short Allowance, the Matter, Officers, and Seamen are to be at the same Allowance of Provisions or Water, and to be allowed Short Allowance Money, at the Rate of Threepence/er Day if at two-thirds Allowance, and Fourpence Halfpenny per Day per Man if at Half Allowance, and to be paid their Short Allowance Money ten Days before the Vessel fails from the West Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenacted and agreed by and between the said Parties, That the Matter of the said Ship, at his or the Owners proper Cost and Charge, will hire and employ the Natives in their Craft to wood and water the said Ship during her Continuance on the Coast of Africa, if such Natives can be procured, under the Direction of a Patroon belonging to the said Ship.

And it is further agreed on the Part of the said Matter, That whenever the Officers and Seamen are employed trading in Craft up the Rivers, that the said Matter will on the Part of the Owners fumish the Parties so employed with a sufficient Quantity of painted Canvas or Tarpawling for an Awning, and Provisions for the Time, in the Proportion per Diem as is let forth in the foregoing Artidef with proper UtenGJs and Fire to dress the feme; and upon Failure thereof, for every such Negleii he shall forfeit double the Value of Provisions.

The said Matter does further agree and engage. That there shall be a Space reserved for Half the Ship’s Company to (helter themselves while the Slaves are on board; if a Frigate-built Ship, it shall be under the Half Deck; or in the Steerage, or under a (landing Awning of Wood well caulked, in any other Ship or Vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said Matter, That he will not, upon any Pretence whatsoever, turn over or discharge any of the Officers or Ship’s Company belonging to the said Ship, unlefe on Promotion, or to assist a Ship actually in Distress, and not then, unkds properly certified as before expressed in this Act: And the said Matter does hereby further agree to advance one Month's Pay

to the Officers and Ship’s Company before the said Ship departs from Great Britain, at the Time of settling the River or Harbour Pay, and that the monthly Wages shall commence from that Period: And it is further agreed by the said Matter, that he will pay or cause to be paid one Month's Pay after the landing of the Slaves in the West Indies or America, ten Days before the Sailing of the said Ship in her homeward-bound Passage; and afio the said Matter engages to make the general Signal for failing twenty-four Hours before the Departure of the said Ship, videlicet, by fooling the Foretop-feil and firing a Gun.

59*

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 66.

And wc the Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen,.and Boys, in Consideration of the monthly or other Wages, foregoing Stipulations, and Engagements, do severally promise and agree, and bind ourselves by these Presents to behave with due Subordination and Respect, and to obey the lawful Commands of our Commander or superior Officers on board the said Ship, or Boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful Seamen and Mariners, and at all Places where the said Ship shall touch at, put into, or anchor, during the said Voyage, to do our utmost Endeavours for the Preservation of the said Ship and Cargo, and not to neglect or refuse doing our Duty by Night or by Day, nor go out of the said Ship oil board any other Vessel, or be on Shore, under any Pretence whatsoever, without Leave first obtained of our Commander or Commanding Officer on board; and further, that we will, on no Account whatsoever, leave or desert the said Ship without the Matter’s Content (unless to serve on board any of his Majesty's Ships) till the abovesaid Voyage be ended, and the said Ship discharged, under the Forfeiture of our Wages: And we do further agree, that when absent upon Leave we will immediately repair on board, when required so to do by our Commander, or any of our superior Officers, on Failure whereof to forfeit for such Disobedience seven Days Pay, to be charged against our Wages for every such Offence: And we do further agree and acknowledge, that forty-eight Hours Absence without Leave shall be deemed a total Desertion from the said Ship, and our Wages forfeited as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient Cause can be assigned for such Absence.

And it is further agreed, by us the said Officers and Mariners belonging to the said Ship, That we will not demand our Wages, or any Part thereof, except the Value of a fourth Part of our Wages to be supplied in Slops or other Necessaries, and one Month’s Pay with our Short Allowance Money then due, in the West Indies or America, until the Arrival of the said Ship at her delivering Port, except we should be impressed or enter on board any of his Majesty's Ships, or be discharged by mutual Content, agreeable to the foregoing Certificate, as specified in the Act.

And it is hereby further agreed, by us the said Officers, Mariners, Seamen, Seafaring Men, Landsmen, and Boys, That whatever Stores, Furniture, or Apparel, each or any of us receive into our Charge belonging to the said Ship, shall be accounted for; and in case any thing should be loft or damaged by our Negligence or Carelessness, it shall be made good to the Masters or Owners out of the Wages of such Officers or beamen by whose Negligence it has happened.

SCHEDULE

(B).

MUSTER ROLL.

X

Officers and Men’s tNanui, Quality. Where born. & < Years at Sea. Time of Entry, and Place where. Time when, and Place where discharged, died, run, or drowned. Cause of Discharpe, Death, or drowned. Number of Months and Days on Board. Wages per Month. Advance Money Nospital Duty. Amount oT Slops) supplied. Amount of Dead Men’s Cloaihs. Amount of Short Allowance Money. Total Amount of Wages due when discharged. Scc. dec. Amount of Run Men’s Pay.

5th Nov. 1715, Died 5th January M.D. £. /. £ s- £ ' d. £ / £ >d. 1416 9i £ t- d. fs /. d. £ ' d.

John Jones, Matter. 3° *5 Bristol. 1786. Cape Coast. Fever. — Goo 6 0 0 0 a 0 OOOO OOOO 1% 00 OOOO

592 C. 66. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1786.

---

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 67. 593

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for the more effectual Execution of the Laws respecting Gaols.

[Preamble.]

FOR the more effectual Execution of the Laws now in being for the well ordering of Gaols, and securing the Health of Prisoners, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[At the Quarter Session next after this Session of Parliament, and at the Michaelmas Session annually, a Certificate in the Form annexed, to be delivered by every Gaoler to the Chairman, read in open Court, and entered upon Record.]

That at the General Quarter Session of the Peace throughout England and Wales, to be next holden after the End of this Session of Parliament, and at the first Session of the Peace to be holden after Michaelmas in every succeeding Year, the Gaoler or other Officer having the Care or Superintendance of any Gaol within the Jurisdiction of the Court holding such Session, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Chairman or other Magistrate presiding in such Court, a Certificate according to the Form hereunto annexed, subscribed by himself and verified by him, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, on his Oath, to be taken either before such Court, or in case of Sickness, or Inability from any other Cause to attend, then before some Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or District in which such Gaol shall be situated, and that such Certificate shall express, after each of the Provisions therein enumerated, whether such Provision is or not complied with or observed within such Gaol; and such Certificate shall be read publickly in open Court in the Presence of the Grand Jury, and entered upon Record as Part of the Minutes of the said Session.

[The Court to take the Certificate into Consideration, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Quarter Session shall thereupon take the said Certificate into their Consideration, and summon any Person or Persons named therein to appear before them, and shall give such Directions, and make such Orders relative to any of the Matters contained in such Certificate, as to such Justices shall seem meet, and shall and may take Security from any Person or Persons whom the same may concern for his or their due Compliance therewith.

[Penalty on Gaolers neglecting to deliver Certificates.]

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Gaoler or other Officer, having the Care or Superintendance of any Gaol, being a County Gaol, shall neglect or deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Certificate as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds, and, not being a County Gaol, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who shall sue for the same in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Great Session in Wales, or the County Palatine of Chester, if the Offence shall arise there, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

CERTIFICATE referred to in the Body of this Act.

to wit,

AT the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the ________ holden at ________ this ________ Day of ________ in the Year of our Lord ________ the Certificate of ________ in pursuance of the Statute in this Case made and provided, respecting the Gaol of ________.

22 & 23 C. 2. c. 20. enacts, That

Felons and Debtors shall be kept separate, under Penalties upon the Sheriff or Gaoler.

24 G. 2. c. 40. enacts, That

1. No Gaoler shall sell, lend, use, give away, or suffer Spirituous Liquors within any Gaol, under a Penalty.

2. Copy of the Clause last mentioned, as also of two other Clauses respecting the same, shall be hung up in the Gaol, under a Penalty.

32 G. 2. c. 28. enacts, That

The Clerk of the Peace shall cause a List of the Fees payable by Debtors, and the Rules and Orders for the Government of Gaols and Prisons, to be hung up in the Court where the Assizes or Sessions shall be held, and send another Copy to the Gaol; and the Gaoler shall cause the same to be hung up in a conspicuous Place in the said Gaol.

13 G. 3. c. 58. enacts, That

Clergymen may be provided to officiate in Gaols.

24 G. 3. c. 20. enacts, That

Persons acquitted, or discharged upon Proclamation for want of Prosecution, shall be discharged immediately, in open Court, and without Fee.

594 C. 67, 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

14 G. 3. c. 59. enacts, That

1. The Walls and Ceilings of Cells in Gaols shall be scraped and white-washed once in the Year at least.

2. That the Cells shall be kept clean; and

3. That they shall be supplied with fresh Air, by Ventilators or Otherwise.

4. That there shall be two Rooms set apart for the Sick.

5. That a warm and cold Bath, or bathing Tubs, shall be provided.

6. That this Act shall be hung up in the Gaol.

7. That a Surgeon or Apothecary shall be appointed, with a Salary.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

[27 Geo. 3. c. 13. recited.]

---

From Oct. 10, 1789, the Outiei imposeo oy veci'ed Act on the Importation nf Tobacco and Snuff, and the Drawback allowed on ti e Exportation of Tobacco, to ccale j

and the following Duties of Customs and Ex-ife to be paid, viz.

For every Pound of

Spanish or Portuguese Tobacco imported, is. 6 d. Customs, and as. Excise; and when delivered from the Warehous.* for Exportation, 1 d. Customs, and zd. Excite: For every lb. of Irish or American Tobacco imported, 6 d. Customs, and 9d. Excite:

For every lb. of Snuff imported by the East India Company, is. 3d. Customs, and at. Excise 1

From Britisha America, or the Spanish West Indict, 6 d. Customt, and 1 s. Excise:

And from any o her Place, lod. Custom*, and 1 s. 4d. Excise.

intitule J, <1n A ] for rtpi iuin* the frueral Duties of Gi/loms and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, m.d for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Publick Revenue \

for permitting the impc> tuiion of certain Goods, 1Fares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture tf the European Dominions of the Jtench King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unchrinud Monies, remai\ng in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National 4 7V>/, certain Dune* are imposed upon Tobacco imported into Great Britain and certain Drawbacks are allowed upon the Exportation thereof; and certain Duties are also by the said Act imputed upon Snuff

import; d into Great Britain: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Duties and Drawbacks, and 4 in li>*u thereof to impose the several Duties, and allow the several Drawback?, herein mentioned:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the said Duties by the teiiJ Act impoted upon Tobacco imported into Great Britain, and the said Drawbacks by the said Act allowed upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, together with the said Duties by the said Act imputed upon Snuff lo imported, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, favc and except in all Cates relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof re-1‘psitively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Line, Penalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, in lieu and instead of the Duties and Drawbacks hereby repealed, there shall be raii'ed, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Dil'count or Abatement whatever, the several Duties of Customs and Excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say,)

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported or brought into Great Britain, there shall be paid a Custom Duty of one Shilling and Sixpence; and also an Excise Duty of two Shillings:

For every Pound Weight of the like Tobacco, which shall be delivered for Exportation out of the Warchjufc or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of this Act, there shall be paid a Duty of Customs of one Penny; and also ail Excite Duty of Twopence:

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco, of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or of the Growth or Production of his Maj city’s Colonies, Plantations, Elands, or Territories in America, or of the United States of America, impoited into Great Britain, there shall be paid a Custom Duty of Sixpence; and also an Excise Duty of Ninepence:

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, there shall be paid a Custom Duty of one Shilling and Threepence; and a*ib an Excise Duty of two Shillings:

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, wbfeh shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any British Plantation in Amenta, or from the Spanish West Indies, theie shall be paid a Custom Duty of Sixpence; and also an Excise Duty of one Shilling:

For every Pound Weight of Snuff, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain from any other i lace, there shall be paid a Custom Duty of Tenpence; and also an Excise Duty of one Shilling and Fourpence.

Dime* on Tobacco and

Snuff impoited and

III. Provided always, That if any Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Pbnt-

T*t4h.uufed nest pa, all* aliens or Dominions of Sjain or Portugal, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, and wanr-

tiU deliver ti thereout. * r 0 J l ,* j

595

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 6

housed according to the Directions of this Act, then, and i« such Case only, the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such Tobacco shall be delivered, cither for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, or for Exportation (as the Case may be), out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of this Act; or if any other Tobacco, which may be lawfully imported into this Kingdom, shall be imported and brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to the Directions of this Act, then, and in such Case only, the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such Tobacco shall be delivered, for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of this Act: Provided also, That if any Snuff shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, and warehoused according to the Directions of this Act, then, and in such Case only, the Duties imposed by this Act upon the Importation thereof shall not be paid or payable until such Snuff shall be delivered out of the Warehouse in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and lccured, according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, as shall rife or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being; and that such of the Excise Duties determined by this Act imposed as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

V. And whereas the Regulations already provided by Law to prevent the fraudulent and clandestine Importation of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff, into Great Britain, and to prevent the fraudulent Re-landing of Tobacco, after the same has been shipped for Exportation, or actually exported, have been found ineffectual be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, no Tobacco whatever shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any Port or Place whatever, other than feme Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or some Port or Place within the United States of America, although the lame shall have been legally imported into and exported from Great Britain, and returned for want of Sale or otherwise, upon Pain of Forfeiture thereof, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages, respectively, containing the same, and also the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the same shall be imported or brought, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; and such Tobacco, Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages, respectively, and also such Ship or Vessel, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Taokle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise*

VI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spring or PortugaL or of the Growth or Production of Ireland, imported respectively in the Manner, and under the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions [except where other Rules, Regulations, Re-strictions, or Provisions are in that Behalf provided by this Act) which such Tobacco was subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Tobacco or Snuff shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harbour, Haven, or Creek thereof, from foreign Parts, in or on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat of left Burthen than one hundred and twenty Tons, on Pain of forfeiting all Inch Tobacco and Snuff respectively, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages reflectively containing the feme, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which such Tobacco or Snuff shall be so imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; and such Tobacco, Snuff*, Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages respectively, and also such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco Stalks, whether manufactured or unmanufactured, or Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from foreign Parts, in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, on Pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snutf Work respectively, with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, Cales, and other Packages respectively, containing the same, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which the same shall be io imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; and such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk ¥ lour, Snuff* Work, Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, Cales, and other Packages respectively, and also such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, Guns, Furniture^ Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco or Snuff* shall be imported or brought into Great Britain in any Hogshead, Calk, Chest, Case, or other Package, except in an Hogshead, Calk, Chtft, or CJafe, or in Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or cases, each of which shall contain at the least four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight nett of Tobacco or Snuft, not packed in Bags or Packages within any such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, nor separated or divided within any such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, or in any Manner whatever, on Pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco and Snuft* respectively, with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests. Cales, and other Packages reircdively, containing the feme, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat in

Do ic* to be under the Management of the Commissioner* of the Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively.

From 10, 1789, no Tobacco to be imported, but from America, on Penalty of ita Forfeiture, with the Vessel, &c.

except Span? A Portuguese, and Irish Tobacco, under the present Regulation*.

From Aug. y,

1790, Tobacco or Sni ff imported in Ships of left Burthen than iso Tons to be forfeited with the VeflTd.

No Tobacco Stalk*, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, to be imported on Penalty of its Forfeiture, with the Vessel, ice.

nor Tobacco or Snuff in Ci-flea containing left than 4,olb. on like Penalty j

596

but not to extend to loose Tobacco brought for the Use of the Crew, not exceeding 5 lb. for each Person

nor shall the Vessel be forfeited, if Prrof be made from the Smaller fs of the Quantity, &c. that any Tobacco or Snuff was on board without the Knowledge of the Owner or Matter.

VeflVlt with more than jeo lb. of Tobacco and Snuff, or any Tobacco Stalks, &c. on board, to be forfeited, if found at Anchor or hosefing within four Leagues of the Coast.

Regulation* for the impona’i A of American Tobacco.

Tobacco or

Snuff to be forfeited if iro-por'td in’o any other Part of Great Britain, than the Placet

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

which the same shall be so imported or brought, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; anti such Tobacco and Snuff, Hogsheads, Casks, Chests. cases, and ether Packages respectively, and also such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, Guns, b urniture. Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, or Apparel, for or by reason of any Tobacco being imported or brought in such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, into Great Britain, look, for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or for the Use of the Passengers then being on board such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, not exceeding five Pounds Weight of Tobacco for each Pei (cm; nor to forfeit any such Tobacco.

XJ. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent Evidence from beingrtfceived in any Suit or Information brought for the Forfeiture of any Ship or Vessel, for or on account of any Tubiccoor Snuff imported or brought in any Ship or Vessel, in order to shew, from the Srnallness of th: Quantity of the said Tobacco or Snuffi, and under the Circumstances of the Case, that the said Tobacc > or Snuff was on board such Sniper Vessel without the Knowledge and Privity of the Owner, or of the iYlafter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, and without the wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care in the Discharge of the Duty of such Owner, Master, or other Per ion having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel; and in every such Caie, where Proof shall be made, from the Srnallness of the Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff, and other Citcumftunces, that such small Quantity was on board without the Knowledge, Privity, or Consent, either of the Owner, or the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, and without any wilful Neglect or Want of reasonable Care, either in the Owner, or in the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Veste!, then and in every such Case such Ship or Vessel shall not be forfeited (or or on account of such final) Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be found at Anchor, or hovering, within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or shall be discovered to have been within such Limits or Distance, and not proceeding on her Voyage, Wind and Weather permitting, unless in case of unavoidable Necessity, or Distress of Weather (of which Necessity or Distress the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of fucu Snip, Vessel, or Boat, shall give Notice to, and make Proof before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port within the Limits of which such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be found, immediately after the Arrival of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat within the Limits of such Port), having on board any Tobacco or Snuff, which, taken together or separately, shall exceed one hundred Pounds Weight, or any Tobacco Stalks, whether manufactured or unmanufactured,'or any Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff Work, then not only all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, and Snuff, respectively, together with the Hog-heads, Casks, Chests, cases, and other Packages respectiv&y containing the same, but also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat on board which the same shall be found as aforesaid, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, whether Bulk shall then have been broken or not, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, unless the same (if it be Tobacco of the Growth or Production of his Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, islands, or Territories) shall be imported into Great Britain directly from some Part of the said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, or if the same be Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the said United States, unless the same shall be imported or brought into Great Britan directly from some Part of the said United States; nor shall any lucti Tobacco be imported or brought into Great Britain from any Part of the said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories, unless the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought shall be British-built, registered according to Law, and navigated with the Master and three-fourths of the Mariners British; nor shall any such Tobacco be imported or brought from any Part of the said United States, unless the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought shall be either British-built, registered and navigated as aforesaid, or shall be built in the Countries belonging to the United States of America, or any of them, and owned by the Subjects of the said United States, or any of them, and navigated with a Master and three-fourths of the Mariners, at least, Subjects of the said United States, or any of them, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Tobacco as shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, contrary to the Directions of this Act, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and other Packages respectively, containing the same, and the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the same shall be imported or brought, together with ail her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel; and such Tobacco, and the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and other Packages respectively, containing the same, together w.th the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought, and her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XIV. Arui be it further enacted, That no Tobacco or Snuff whatever shall be imported or brought into any Part of Great Britain, except tl?e Ports of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes, Falmouth* Whitehaven^ Hud, Port Glasgow, Greenock, and Leith, upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Tobacco and Snuff respectively as shall be imported or brought into any Fart of Great Britain, except some or one of the said Ports herein-before enumerated, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and other Packages respectively, containing such Tobaccp or Snuff respectively, and the Ship or Vessel in or on bcuid

winch

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 597

which the same shall be so imported or brought, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, herein enu.iae. and Apparel; and such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, and the Hogsheads, Cask% Chests, cases, and other Packages respectively, containing the same, together with the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That if any Tobacco, of the Growth or Production of the said United States, which shall, in the fair and lawful Way of Harter or Traffick between the People of the said United States and any of the People of his Majesty's Islands in the IVc/i Indits, be imported or brought from any Part of the said United States into any of the said Islands by British Subjects, and in British-built Ships owned by his Majesty's Subjects, and navigated according to Law, it shall and may be lawful to export from any of the said Islands, the same Tobacco, and to import it directly from thence into some one or attain other of the said respective Ports herein-before enumerated, in a British-built Ship or Vessel of the Burthen un7e7tbe IU-of one hundred and twenty Tons or upwards, so registered and navigated as aforesaid, fuhjed nevertheless to the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions in this Act contained and provided for the Importation into Great Britain of Tobacco directly from his Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America,

XVI. Provided also, That the Name or Names of the several and respective Ships or Vessels, in which such Tobacco shall be so imported from any Part of the said United States, into any of the said Islands in the Wesi Indies, and also the several and respective Names of the several and respective Matters of such Ships or Vessels, shall oe particularly specified in the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, accompanying into Great Britain such Tobacco so imported, according to the Directions of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel whatever shall have taken on board Tobacco at any Port or Place whatever within his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, in order to convey the same from thence into Great Britain, the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at such Port or Place where such Ship or Vessel shall have taken on board such Tobacco, if there shall be such Collector and Comptroller resident at such Port or Place, and, in default thereof, two other Chief Officers of the Customs at such Port or Place, shall, at and on the Clearing of every such Ship or Vessel by the proper Officer of the Customs appointed for that Purpose, deliver to the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, a Manifest or Content in Writing, under their Hands and Seals of Office, which Manifest or Content shall contain the Name of the Port or Place where such Tobacco in such Manifest or Content mentioned shall have been so taken on board, the Name and Built of the Ship or Vessel so taking the same on board, and the true Admeasurement or Tonnage thereof according to the Register of the same, together with the Christian and Surname of the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Port and Place to which such Ship or Vessel truly belongs, and a true Account of all the Tobacco so laden on board such Ship or Vessel, with the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, and cases, containing the same, and the particular Weight of the Tobacco contained in each such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, toge* ther with the Marks and Numbers set on each and every such Hogsfield, Cask, Chest, or Case, with the Tare of each such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case; and such Weight of the Tobacco and Fare respectively shall also be marked on each such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case; which said Manifest or Content, and none other, shall be required for such Tobacco imported in pursuance of and according to the Directions of this Actt, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the tenth Day of October.one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no Tobacco' of the Growth or Production of the United States of America shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any Part of the said United States, unless the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel importing such Tobacco, shall have on board a Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, made out and signed by such Master or other Person, on or before the Clearing of such Ship or Vessel, at all, each, and every the Ports or Places within the said United States where such Tobacco shall be laden on board, containing the Name or Names of the several and respective Ports or Places where the Tobacco in such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents mentioned shall have been so respectively laden on board, the Name and Built of such Ship or Vessel, together with the Christian and Surnames of the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel truly belongs, and also the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel; which Tonnage, if such Ship or Vessel shall be British-built, shall be deemed and taken to be the true Admeasurement according to the Register thereof; and which Manifest shall also contain a true Account of all the Tobacco so laden on board such Ship or Vessel, with the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, and Cases respectively, containing the same, and the particular Weight of the Tobacco contained in each such Hogshead, Cask, Chi It, or Case, together with the Marks and Numbers set on each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, with the 'I are of cadi such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case; and such Weight of the Tobacco and '1 are respectively shall also be marked on each such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case; upon which Lid Manifest or Manifests, or CJontent or Contents in Writing, there shall be indorsed the Oath of the Matter or other Person ha\ ing or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, testifying the Truth thereof, and sworn to by such Matter or other Person, on or before such Clearing of such Ship or Vessel in the said United States, before the British Consul, if there shall be any British Consul then resident at or near the Port or Place whcie such Tobacco shall be so laden on board, or before some Magistrate or publick Officer rctiding at or near to such Place or Port, if there be not any British Consul resident at or near to such Port or Place; which Manifest, and none ether, shall be rccjuiitd for such Tobacco imported fruf|i the said United States of

American Tobacco imported into the West India lflandish Traffick, may be from thence

(trillions herein men ioned.

Name* of the

Vesseli, &c. so importing Tobacco into the West Indie*, to be fpscitied in the Manifest*,

Officers of the CuHo/rts in his Majesty's Colonies in America todelirer to the Maffei* of Vessel* at theft Clearing a Manifest which shall authe rife the Importation of the Tobacco into Great Britain,

F.om Of>. 10, 1790, no Tobacco of the Growth of the American State* t-» be imported without a Maai-fefl, f*orn to by the M^rter of the Vessel*

June', ica.

598

From 0£. 10,

1790,

cf Vessels importing Tobic<*« from America, without Manifests, to forrcit 200 I.

Master* of such Vesselx, on their Arrival within four Leagues of the Coatt, to produce their Manifest* to the proper Officers, &c.

Officer of tht Cuflams to fatten down the Hatchways.

If the Mailer

refuse to pro* dure his Ma-nifcA, &c. or if the Hatchway,

after being fattened down, shall be improperly opened, he ttiali forfeit 2001,*

If Hulk, be broken within four Leagues of the Ooatt, &c. the Vefid, &c. to be forfei»ed, and tht Matter to pay 200I,

Penalties on breaking Bulk anl opening Hatchways n:t toeitrnl to Vessel* where the same has been dr*ne t»y vnavoid ble A' ci 'em or Koceftny.

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

America, in pursuance of and according to the Directions of this Act, any Law, Custom, or Usege to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousiwdleffft hundred and ninety, if any Tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any Ship or Vessel whatever, from any Port or Place within his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or from any Port or Place within the United States of Americar without such Manifestor Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, as is in that Behalf herein; directed, the Matter or other Person having or talcing the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety, every Master or other Person having or talcing the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, in or on board which any Tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, either from any Port or Place within his Majesty's said Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or from any Port or Place within the said United States of America^ shall, upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, produce to all and every Officer and Officers of the Customs, and also to all and every Officer and Officers of Excise, who shall come on board such Ship or Vessel within such Limits or Difiance, all and every such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, for his and their Examination and Inspection; and all and every such Officer and Officers, to whom such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents shall have been so produced, shall certify such Production upon the Back thereof; and such Matter or other Person so having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, as aforesaid, shall provide, give, and deliver to the first Officer of the Customs who shall come on board such Ship or Vessel, on the Arrival thereof within the Limits of any of the said PoFts herein-before enumerated, and shall also in like Manner provide, give, and deliver to the first Officer of Excise who shall come on boardTuch* Ship or Vessel, on the Arrival thereof within the Limits of any of the said Ports herein-before enumerated* a true Copy of such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents; and each such Officer shall certify upon the Back of such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, the Receipt of such Copy or Copies thereof, with the particular Day and the Time when each such Officer so received the same; and such Officer, of the Customs, who shall first come on board such Ship or Vessel, shall batten, fasten, and lock down the Main and other Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage in such Ship or Vessel; and if such Officer shall Deleft so to do, then and in that Case any other Officer or Officers of the Customs shall batten, fasten, and lock own the Main and other Hatchway and Hatchways leading to the Hold or Place of Stowage in.such Ship or

Vessel; and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, and he is hereby required to a (lift or cause to be assisted such Officer or Officers, by and with a sufficient Number of the Crew of such Ship or Vessel, in the battening and locking down such Hatchway or Hatchways: And if any such Master or other Person shall neglect or refuse to produce such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents, or to give any Inch Copy thereof, or to aifift or emit Hylic assisted any such Officer or Officers in battening, fattening, or locking down such Hatchway or Hatchways, according to the Directions of this Act; or if any such Hatchway shall, after the same shall hare been so battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, be opened; or if any Fattening or Lock affixed to any such Hatchway, for the Purpose of fattening or locking the same, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be opened, broken, or damaged, after such Hatchway shall have been so battened, fattened, or backed down as aforesaid, and before the same shall have been opened by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs; the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel having Tobacco on board, within the Limits of any of the Ports in Great Britain, or within four Leagues of the Coal! thereof, Bulk shall be broken, or any Part of the Tobacco laden on board such Ship or Vessel ftu'l be unladen or unshipped from or out of such Ship or Vessel, within the said Limits or pittance, and if within the Limits of any of the Ports first herein before enumerated, before such Ship or Vessel shall have been moored according to the Directions of this Act in that Behalf, or before the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, with the Consent of the Coovrniffioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of tfeem, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose, shall have duly authorised the unlading thereof, every such Ship or Vessel, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, and all the Tobacco then in or on board such Ship or Vessel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and such Master or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXII. Provided always, That no such Ship or Vessel, nor her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, or Apparel, nor any such Tobacco then in or on board such Ship or Vessel, shall be forfeited for or by reason of Bulk being broken, or any of the Tobacco being unladen or unshipped as aforesaid, nor Dull such Miffter or other Person incur the said last mentioned Penalty of two hundred Pounds, in case the same was occasioned by unavoidable Accident, Necessity, or D.ttrefs, and Proof thereof shall be immediately made, by the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and two or more of the Mariners belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, upon Oath, before the Collectur or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port within the Limits of which such Accident, Necessity, or Distress shall havd happened, or before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of the first Port of Great Britain within the Limits of which such Ship or Vessel shall afterwards arrive, if such Accident, Nc-

ceftty.

599

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

cefficy, or Distrtfs shall have happened not within the Limits of any British Port; nor shall the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, whose Hatchway or Hatchways, shall, after the same shall have been battened, fattened, or locked down as aforesaid, incur the said Penalty of two hundred Pounds herein imposed on such Master or other Person for or by reason of any such Hatchway being opened, or for or by reason of any Fattening or Lock affixed to any such Hatchway, for the Purpose of locking the same according to the Directions of this Act, being opened, broken, or damaged, in case the same shall have been occasioned by unavoidable Accident, Necessity, or Distress, and like Proof shall be made upon Oath, before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at such of the said Ports herein-before enumerated within the Limits of which such Ship or Veiled shall first arrive; and all such Collectors, and other Chief Officers respectively, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer the Oaths respectively by this Act directed or authorised to be made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Tobacco or Snuff, which shall be imported or brought Tobicroor into Great Britain, shall be landed or put on shore in Great Britain, or unshipped or delivered from or out Snuff landed of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with Intention to be landed or put on (bore in Great Britain, without a without a W«r-Warrant for the Landing or Delivery of the same first lTgncJ by the proper Officer or Officers of the r^le,r(^fil|>*r f Customs in that Behalf, and without the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, ail beTor^iicd^InJ such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, together with the Hogtt.cads, Cask% Chests, cases, and other Packages the Pioprieror, whatever, containing the same, and the Ship, Vetted, or Boat in or on board which the lame shall be so im- *c. to toise t ported or brought, and from which the same shall be so unshipped, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat into Treble which the same shall be so unshipped, and likewise all and each and every Ship, Vessel, and Boat by which uc* or from which the same, after having been so unshipped, shall be landed or delivered, with all their Guns,

Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Exafe; and the Proprietor or Proprietors, Importer or Importers, Consignee or Consignees of any such Tobacco or Snuff, and the Master, Mate, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and all and every Person or Persons who shall be in anywise concerned, or aiding or assisting in the Unftlipping, Landing, or Delivery of any such Tobacco or Snuff, or to whose Hands, Custody, or Possession any such Tobacco or Snuff shall come after the same shall be so unshipped, landed, or delivered, or put on shore as aforesaid, he, she, or they knowing the same to have been so unshipped, landed, or delivered, shall for every such Offence forfeit treble the Value of such Tobacco or Snuff refjvclively, to be estimated according to the best and Vighcft Rate and Price which Tobacco or Snuff reflectively, of the best Quality, shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time Commissioner* being, or any four or more of them, shall, and they the said Commissioners, or any four or more of them, of the

are hereby required, from Time to Time, to fix and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from pj^s^Moor-Time to Time continued, at each and every of the respective Ports in England herein before enumerated, jrg0f VeflVII (that is to say,} London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes, Falmouth, Whitehaven, and Hull, a certain importing To-Place for the mooring all Ships or Vessels, in or on board which any Tobacco shall be imported or brought b*cco» ‘>11 into Great Britain, according to the Directions of this Act, or which shall come to or arrive within such clcare* respective Ports; and the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby required, from Time to Time, to fix and appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from Time to’Lime continued, at each of the said respective Ports in Scotland he rein-before enumerated, (that is to fayj Port Glasgow, Greenock, and Leith, a certain Place for the Purpose of mooring all such Ships and Vessels, in or on board which any Tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, according to the Directions of this Act, and which shall come to or arrive within such respective Ports; and the Matters, or other Persons respectively, having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ships or Vessels, shall, at their respective Costs and Charges, immediately on such Arrival of such Ships or VefleU, cause all such Ships or Vessels respectively to be conducted to and moored at such Places so fixed and appointed, at the said Ports respectively to which such Ships or Vessels shall so come, or within which such Ships or Vessels shall respectively arrive; and all such Ships or Vessels shall, at the Costs and Charges of such Matters, or other Persons respectively, remain and continue at such Moorings until all the Tobacco on board the same shall have been landed and delivered therefrom, in Manner herein mentioned, and until such Ships or Vessels shall have been regularly cleared by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs for that Purpose; and if Marten nearly such Master or other Person shall omit, neglect, or refuse to cause any such Ship or Vessel so to be con- gicdtmgio dudted or moored, according to the Directions of this Act in that Behalf, or if any such Ship or Vessel their shall depart from or leave such her Moorings, contrary to the Directions of this Act in that Bvhalf, thi c to

Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit the or c‘l ,oc " Sum of one hundred Pounds, unless, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, such Matter or other Person shall be prevented from such Compliance by means of any unavoidable Accident.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That on the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel, in which any. Tobacco If on Arrival at shall be imported or brought into any or either of the Ports herein before enumerated, at such her Moorings, her Mooring*, at any or either of the said Ports herein-before enumerated, the Master or other Person having or taking the

- Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall make a just and true Entry or Report upon Oath, with *(r*

the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port, openly at the Custom House of such iu<h Veird, &c. Port, of the Burthen, Contents and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, with the particular Marks, Numbers, he shall forfeit Qualities, and Contents of every Parcel of Goods then laden in or on board such Ship or Vessel, to the *°o1 *nd the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and do and perform every Act and Thing in relation thereto, before the r°b'cco# Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such Port, openly in the Custom House at such Pon,

5 in

6oo

Marten neglect. ing to deliver Manifest? to the Dfficer of the Custonn?, to forfeit tool.

Importer! of Tobacco to make En ry with the Officers of the Customs and Excite of the Quantity, &c. within the Time herein Limited af er the Arrival thereof

and Importers of Snuff to make like Entry.

If such Entry be not made, the Tobacco and Snuff to be conveyed to the King’s Ware-house, and 6d. per Week for esch Hog (head to be paid for Warehouse Rent.

0.68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

in the Manner and as the Owners, Matters, Pursers, or other Persons taking charge of Ships or Vessels are directed and required by an Adh made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act limiting the Time for laying on Land Merchandizes from beyond the Seas, and touching Customs of Sweet Wines, and by an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in his Il'gejlys Cufoms, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds; and all Tobacco found on board any such Ship or Vessel, of which no such Report shall have been made with the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, shall he forfeited, together wkh the Hogsheads, Casses, Chests, cases, and other Packages respectively, containing the same; and such Tobacco, Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and other Packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs cr Excise.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall, at the Time when such Entry or Report upon Oath shall be or ought to have been so made, deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at such Pons respectively, such Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing as herein mentioned; and if any such Master or other Person shall omit, neglect, or refuse to deliver such Manifest or Manifests, or Gon-tent or Contents, to such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, according to the Directions of this Act, every such Master or other Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of Tobacco imported or brought into any or either of the Ports herein-before enumerated, shall respectively, within ten Days, if the whole or the major Part of the Lading of the Ship or Vessel in which such Tobacco shall be so imported or brought be Tobacco, or within fifteen Days if the major Part of the Lading of such Ship or Vessel shall consist of other Goods, and not of Tobacco, after the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall have or ought to have made such Entry or Report upon Oath, make, with the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and also with the Collector of Excise of such of the said Ports herein-before enumerated, into which any such Tobacco shall be imported or brought in any such Ship or Vessel, a true Entry in Writing of all such Tobacco in or on board such Ship or vessel, belonging to such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, specifying in such Entry, whether the same be Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Stain or Portugal\ or of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or of the United States of America, and also the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, and cases, with the particular Marks and Number of each of them, and the Weight and Quantity of Tobacco contained therein, agreeably to the several and respective Marks, Numbers, and Contents as specified in the Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing relative to such respective Tobacco, and also agreeably to die Particulars set forth in such Entry or Report upon Oath of the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in or on board which such Tobacco shall be so respectively imported or brought into either of the Ports herein-before enumerated.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That within ten Days next after the Master or Purser for that Voyage, of the Ship or Vessel wherein any Snuff' shall be imported or brought into any or either of the Ports herein-before enumerated, shall have or ought to have made a just and true Entry or Report upon Oath of the Burthen, Contents, and Lading of such Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Acts made in the first Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of such Snuff shall make, with the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, and also with the Collector of Excise, of such of the said Ports herein-before enumerated into which any such Snuff shall be so imported or brought in or on board such Ship or Vessel, a true Entry in Writing of all such Snuff in or on board such Ship or Vessel, belonging to such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, specifying in such Entry, whether the same be Snuff imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or Snuff imported from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies, or Snuff imported from any other Place, and also the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, and cases, with the particular Marks and Numbers of each and every of them, and the Weight and Quantity of Snuff contained therein; and if the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any Tobacco or Snuff imported or brought into any or either of the Ports herein-before enumerated, shall omit, neglect, or refuse, contrary to the Directions of this Act, to make, with the Collector < r other Chief Officer of the Customs, and with the Collector of Excise, of such of the said Ports herein-before enumerated, into which any such Tobacco or Snuff shall be brought or imported as herein directed, such true Entry in Writing of any such Tobacco or Snuff' in or on board any such Ship or Vessel, belonging to such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise to convey all such Tobacco and bnuff respectively, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, and Cases containing the same, to some or one of the respective Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, and such Tobacco shall he deposited, lodged, and secured therein for the Space of twenty-four Months, and such Snuff’ shall be deposited, lodged, and secured therein for the Space of one Month, unless such Tobacco and Snuff reflectively shall be cleared and taken from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, by the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof, before the Expiration of such

twemy-

6or

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

twenty-four Months, or one Month, respectively; and no such Tobacco or Snuff* shall be cleared or delivered from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, unless the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Confit nees thereof shall first pay, into the Hands of the proper Custom Ware-home Keeper, Wareholife Rent for such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Week for each and evciy Hogshend, Calk, Chest, or Case, of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, for such Time as the same respectively shall remain in any such Warehouse or Warehouses.

XXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or he deemed or conftxued to extend, to prevent any Tobacco or Snuff, legally imported or brought in or on board my Ship or Vessel into any or either of the said respective Ports herein-before enumerated, from being earned or conveyed in or on board the same Ship or Vessel from thence to any other of the said rt-spective Ports herein before er.u-meiated, for the Purpose of being landed there, and deposited, lodged, and secured in the Warehouse or 'Warehouses lo to be provided at such last mentioned ;>ort, according to the Direct.ons of this Act, if such Tobacco or Snuff shall be originally reported for that Purpose by the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command for that Voyage of such Ship or Vessel, with the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at such original Port of importation.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or tae construed to extend, to prevent any Ship or Vessel laden in the whole with Tobacco, from coming into the following Pons of this Kingdom, or either of them, to wait for Orders, (vidt licit,) the Pons of Caves and Falmouth, and there to remain for the Space of fourteen Days and no longer, without being subject or ] iable to the Regulations or Restrictions of this Act, on Condition that the Matter or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship c r Vessel so coming or arriving within the Limits of the said Ports of Cones and Falmouth respectively for the Purpose aforesaid, do, immediately on coming or arriving within the said Limits, make the same known to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the said Ports; and also make a just and true Entry in Writing, on Oath before luen CV lector or other Chief Officer (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), of the Burthen, Contents, and landing of his said Vessel, in Manner directed by this Act; on Failure whereof, or in not departing from tiic laid Ports respectively at the Expiration of the said fourteen Days, unless in case of unavoidable Necefihy, every such Ship or Vessel, and the Matter or other i^erson having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, and also the Cargo in or on board the same, shall be subject and liable to all and each and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Snuff* whatever, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, shall be entered or reported for Exportation in the same Ship, or exported therein to foreign Parts; and all Entries and Reports which shall be made of such Snuff, contrary to the Directions of this Act shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or mote or them, and the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorised and required, out of a\\y of the Duties or Revenues of Customs under their Management respectively, to provide, from Time to Time, such Warehouse and Warehouses as they respectively shall deem requisite and necessary for depositing, lodging, and fccurii g therein, at each and every of the said respective Ports first herein-before enumerated, in England and Scotland respectively, all such Tobacco and Snuff' respectively as shall be imported according to the Directions of this Act at such respective Ports.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorised and required to appoint one or more Officer or Officers of the Customs, in England and Scotland respectively, to attend all and every such Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided, according to the Directions of this Act, in England and Scotland respectively, and one or more of such Officers to be a Custom Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers of each and every such Warehouse; and the said Commissioners of Excite in England and Sect and respectively, or the major Part of them respectively for the Time being, fhdl, and they re-fpcdively aie hereby in like Manner authorised and requited to appoint ore or more Officer or Officers of Kxc.fe to attend all and every such Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided, according to the Directions of this Act, in England and Scotland respectively, and one or more of such Officer or Officers to be an Excise Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers of each and every such Warehouse.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs on board every such Ship or Vessel in which Tobacco shall be imported according to the Directions of this Act, shall mark or cause to be marked every Hoefhead, Case, Chest, and Calc of Tobacco with such Mark or Im-prefiion as the said Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them* or the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall direct, and also with progressive Numbers; and no Hogshead, Calk, Lhett, or Case of Tobacco shall be unshipped, landed, or delivered from or out of such Ship or Vessel, before the same ftiatt have been (o marked; and when the same shall have been so marked, the Importeis, Pi of: icto:>, or Conhgnces of such obacco respectively shall forthwith (provided the same Hull have been duly entered), in the Prese nce of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, unship and land, or cause to be unthipped and landed, in the usual Manner, all such 1 'obacco, and shall carry and convey the same, or cause the same to be carried and conveyed to, and deposited in, some or one of the respective Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided as directed by this Act, at such of the Ports full herein-before enumerated at which such

Tobacco

Tobacco or Snuff b'oujhf to orr o' the Port! enumerated in this A *, rr.ay be Cnive fd in the same Vessel to another P rt, if it be so originally reported.

V'flVl* laden wholly with Tobacco, may into Co acs and Fal-m uth to wait for Order?, under the within specified Regulation?.

No Snuff im* pored shall be entered for Ex-p ration, or e*« ported in the same Ship. Commissioners of Customs to provide Ware— houses f.*r depo-filing Tobacco ad Snuff.

Commissioners of Customs and Excise to appoint Officers to attend Ware-houics.

Officers of the CuHons on b ard Vrff.l?,.fO‘ mark be H«»|f-he^d*, v hich are t'» be landed in their I re-fen e and convey- Mo f he W,r h tfe, w-e e tb. Tobacco is 10 betaken ou, fe— pirated, a cl weigh.d, tec.

6 02

Importers ik-pleding to take Tobacco our of Hog (heads lodged in such Warehotifetydcc. to pay 6d. per Week for each Hog (head.

The Stalk not to be frparatrd from the Leaf of damaged Tobacco, which is to be burnt, if the Duties are retufed to be paid, &c.

After Tobacco has been weigh ed. Samples may be taken} which must be returned.

Snuff imported to be conveyrd to the proper Warehouses, to be weighed, &c.

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Tobacco shall be imported 5 and the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall attend such Tobacco from the Time of the unrtiipping thereof until the same shall be so deposited, and the same shall be forthwith lodged and secured in such Warehouse or Warehouses; and the proper Landing Waiters of the Customs shall, upon the respective Hogsheads, Casks, Cherts, or Cases of Tobacco being so brought as aforesaid to such Warehouse or Warehouses, and within the same, cause proper Landing Marks and Numbers to be set, stamped, or affixed upon each and every such Hogshead, Caflc, Chest, or Case of Tobacco; and such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees respectively, lnall forthwith take or cause to be taken all such Tobacco from and out of the Hogsheads, Casks, Cherts, or Cases respectively containing the same, and also separate all the damaged and mean Tobacco, for which they respectively shall refuse to pay the Duties by this Act imposed, from the Residue of such Tobacco, and also forthwith bring such Tobacco, or cause the lame when lb taken out to be brought to and put into the proper Scales, to be weighed in such Warehouse or Warehouses; and such Landing Waiters, together with the proper Officer or Officers of Excise belonging to such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall forthwith within such Warehouse or Warehouses weigh, or cause to be weighed, and take an Account of, all such Tobacco; and such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees respectively shall also, when and so soon as such Tobacco shall have been weighed and taken an Account of, take the same or cause the same to be taken from and out of the Scales in which the same shall have been so weighed, and also remove the same, or cause the same to be removed to and properly (lowed away in such convenient Part or Parts of such Warehouse or Wp*ehouses as such Custom Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers shall in that Behalf direct; and if any such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Con fig nee or Consignees of Tobacco, shall omit, neglect, or refute, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to take or cause to be taken from or out of the Hogshead, Cask, Chert, or Case containing the same, any such Tobacco, which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to bring any such Tobacco, or cause the same to be brought to or put into the proper Scales, to be weighed as aforesaid, or (haM neglect or refuse to take any Tobacco which shall have been weighed and taken an Account of as directed by this Act, or cause the same to be taken, at their own F.xpence, from or out of the Scales in which the same shall have been so weighed, or shall omit, neglect, or refuse to remove the same, or cause the same to be removed and properly (lowed away, as directed by this Act, such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, shall, before any such Tobacco shall be cleared or delivered from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, first pay, into the Hands of the proper Custom Warehouse Keeper, Warehouse Rent for such Tobacco, at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Week for each and every Hogs-head, Cask, Chest, or Case of such Tobacco, for the Time that such Tobacco shall remain in any such Warehouse or Warehouses.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to separate the Stalk of any such Tobacco from the Leaf thereof, on Pretence that the same is damaged or mean Tobacco^ nor shall any Allowance be made to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of Tobacco, for or in Consideration of any Tobacco being damaged or mean; but in case he, she, or they shall refuse to pay the Duties for the same, and shall not think proper to export such damaged or mean Tobacco, which it shall be lawful to do, provided it be exported under the Regulations of this Act, within three Months from the Time the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Con-signees, should or ought to have made his or their Entry as aforesaid, and in Packages not containing Ids than seven hundred and fifty Pounds Weight, the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively shall weigh the same, and keep a distinct Account thereof, and the said respective Commissioners oif the Customs and Excise shall cause the same to be burnt and destroyed, and the said respective Commissioners shall sell and dispose of the Arties arising therefrom for the moil Money that can be gotten fee the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That immediately after such Tobacco shall have been so weighed or taken an Account of as directed by this Act, the several Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees shall be permitted, in the Presence of the said Landing Waiters and Excise Warehouse Keepers, or other proper Officer or Officers of Excise respectively, belonging to such Warehouse in which such Tobacco shall have been so weighed and taken an Account of as directed by this Act, to draw or take out of each Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, so weighed and taken an Account of, a Sample of such Tobacco, not exceeding four Pounds Weight; and the same shall be returned by such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees rr-focdively, when such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case of Tobacco shall be re-weighed, according to the Directions of this Act, either for Exportation or for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture; and finch Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees respectively, shall also be permitted, in like Manner, to take a second Sample, not exceeding four Pounds Weight, if, at the Time of taking such second Sample, the first Sample shall be returned into the Hogshead, Calk, Chert, or Case out of which the same was taken; and such second Sample shall in like Manner be returned when such Hogshead, Cask, Chert, or Case (haD be re-weighed, according to the Directions of this Act, either for Exportation or Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture.

N XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Snuff which shall be imported in or on board any Ship or Vessel into any of the Ports first herein-before enumerated, and whereof Entry has been made according to the Directions of this Act, shall, at the Expence of the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees of fuai Snuftrtfpedively, be forthwith (provided the same shall have been duly entered) un(hipptd, and landed in the usual Manner, and concluded, under the Care of the proper Officers of the Customs, to some or one of the respective Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided as directed by this Act, at such of the Pons first hcrcia-before enumerated at which such Snuff shall be imported, and shall be forthwith depofncd,

lodged,

after ithich Simples may be taken, which mu ft- be returned.

Tobacco lodg'd in Wanhouse* may be rxported diicflly from thence, under the Rtftriclioni herein specified.

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 603

lodged, and secured in such Warehouse or Warehouses; and the proper Landing Waiters of the Customs /hail, upon the respective Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases of Snuff being so brought as aforesaid to f.ch Warehouse or Warehouses, and within the same, cause proper Landing Marks and Numbers to be fcr, stamped, or affixed upon each and every such Mogfhead, Calk, Chest, or Cale of Snuff; and such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees respectively shall forthwith bring such Snuff, or cause the same to be brought to and put into the proper Scales, to be weighed, in such Warehouse or Warehouses; and Zlich Landing Waiters, together with the proper Officer or Officers of Excise belonging to such Warc-house or Warehouses, shall forthwith, within such Warehouse or Warehouses, weigh or cause to be weighed, and take an Account of, all such Snuff; and such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees respectively shall also, when $nd so loon as such Snuff shall have been weighed and taken an Account of, take the lame, or cause the same to be taken, at their own Expence respectively, from and out of the Scales in which the same shall have been so weighed, and also remove the same, or cause the same to be removed and properly {lowed away in such convenient Part or Parts of such Warehouse or Warehouses as such Custom Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers shall in that Behalf direct.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, immediately after such Snuff shall have been so weighed mid taken an Account of as directed by this Act, the several Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof shall be permitted, in the Presence of the said Landing Waiters and Excise Warehouse Keepers, or ether proper Officer or Officers of Excise respectively, belonging to such Warehouse in which such Snuff shall have been so weighed and taken an Account of as directed by this Act, to take out of each Hogshead,

<Jafk, Chest, or Case so weighed and taken an Account of, a Sample of such Snuffy not exceeding one Pound Weight, and the same shall be returned by such Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees respectively, when such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of Snuff' shall be re-weighed, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to export as Merchandize, directly from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of this Act, any Tobacco, subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein mentioned; (that is to say) the Person or Persons intending to export the same shall give at least twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, to the proper Custom and Excise Warehouse Keepers respectively, belonging to such Warehouse or Warehouses in which such Tobacco intended to be exported shall be so deposited, lodged, and secured, of his, her, or their Intention to export such Tobacco, and of the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases of such Tobacco so intended to be exported, and also the Landing Marks and Numbers which were set, stampt, or affixed upon each and every such Hogshead,

Calk, Chest, or Case, according to the Directions of this Act; and shall also, at the Time specified in such Notice, or within one Hour after, at his, her, or their own Expence, bring all such Tobacco specified in such Notice from the Part or Place of such Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be de-

posited and flowed away, and also forthwith take, or cause to be taken, all such Tobacco from and out of the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases containing the same, and bring the lame, or cause the same, when lo taken out, to be brought to and putin the proper Scales to be weighed, in such Warehouse or Warehouses; and the proper Landing Waiter and Excise Warehouse Keepers, or other proper Officer or Officers of Excise, shall forthwith, within such Warehouse or Warehouses, weigh, or cause to be weighed, and take an Account of all such Tobacco; and such Person or Persons so intending to export the lame shall also, before any such Tobacco shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses for Exportation, procure a proper Cocquet, and make out two proper Bills for the Exportation thereof, and indorse upon such Cocquet and Bills respectively, in a fair,.distinct, and legible Manner, the Plantation or Manifest Mark and Number which were upon each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case of Tobacco, at the Time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, and also the Landing Marks and Numbers which were, set, stamped, or affixed, according to the Directions of this Act, upon each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case thereof, together with the exact Weight of the Tobacco contained in each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case at the Time of its being landed in Great Britain and likewise indorse upon the same Cocquet and Bills, after weighing the Tobacco in the Presence of the proper Custom Landing Waiter and Excise Warehouse Keeper, or other proper Officer or Officers of Excise, the Weight of the Tobacco contained in each such particular Hogshead, Calk,

Chest, or Case at the Time of its being weighed for Exportation; and shall deliver such Cocquet, and one of such Bills so indorsed, to the proper Searcher or Searchers of the Customs, and the other of such Bills to the proper Excise Warehouse Keeper; and no Searcher or Searchers of the Customs shall authorise the shipping of any such Tobacco, unless such Cocquet and Bill shall be so indorsed and delivered to the proper Searcher or Searchers of the Customs as herein directed: And if such Person or Persons so intending to export the same shall not, at the Time specified in such Notice, or within one Hour after, bring all such Tobacco specified in such Notice from the Part or Place of Inch Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited and stowed away, and also forthwith take, or Cause to be taken, all such Tobacco from and out of the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases containing the same, and bring the same, or cause the same, when so taken out, to be brought to and put into the proper Scales, to be weighed, in such Warehouse or Warehouses, then such Notice shall be void, and the like Notice in Writing shall be again given, before any such Tobacco shall be weighed or delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses for Exportation.

XL. And be it further enacted, That such Person or Persons so intending to export such Tobacco, which shall be delivered out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, or secured, according to the Directions of this Act, shall also, before the same, or any Part thereof, shall be *9 Gjeo. 111. 4 K delivered

Bond to be given for the actual Exportation of tobacco

604

t?ken out of Warehouses for that Porpose,

the Penalty of which not to exceed 3000 I. and not to be

No warehoused Tobacc) to be delivered for Expor ation, but at the Place whe e originally imported, and in the original Hogsheads, &c.

After Separation of dimaged Tobacco. if the Remainder in the Hogshead shall be under 4501b. it may be repacked, tn the Presence of the Officers of the Customs and Excise, for Exportation, &c.

Tobacco intended for Exportation may be delivered poo producing to the Warehouse Keeper* Certificates of the requisite Bonds being entered into, &c.

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses for Exportation, give Bond himself, with two other

Sureties, of which the Mailer or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in or on board which such Tobacco is intended to be exported, shall be one (such Surety, other than such Mailer or other Person, to be approved of by the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs of such of the Ports first herein-before enumerated from whence such Tobacco is intended to be exported), to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in one Shilling per Pound for each and every Pound Weight of such Tobacco (which Bond such Collector or other Chief Officer is hereby authorised and ira-powered to take, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use), that such Tobacco, and every Part thereof shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly exported as Merchandize to, and landed in, such Ports or Places beyond the Seas as shall be specified in such Bond, and that such Tobacco shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatever, nor unfcipped or put on board any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat in Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), nor re-landed in any Part of Great Britain, Ireland, the ljle of Alan, or the Islands of Jrrfej% Guernsey, Alderney, or Sark, unless entered and shipped out for those Places respectively, conformably to Law, or the Islands of Faro or Ferro.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, That the Penalty of any such Bond shall not in any Case exceed the Sum of three thousand Pounds, and that no such Bond shall be charged with any Stamp Duty whatever.

liable to Stamp Duty.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses for Exportation, but from the very same Port or Place at which such identical Tobacco was originally imported into Great Britain, and in the original Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Caie in which the same was first imported into Great Britain, with the Plantation or Manifest Mark and N umber which were upon such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, at the Time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, and also the Landing Marks and Numbers which were set, stamped, or affixed, according to die Directions of this Act, upon such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, without any Alteration whatever being made in such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case (except such as shall be occasioned by necessary Cooperage for the Repairs thereof), and with the whole of the Tobacco which was originally imported in such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, being contained in such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, except as herein is provided, and except such damaged or mean Tobacco as shall have been separated therefroin-according to the Directions of this Act, and also such Tobacco as shall have been taken out for Sample, as directed by this Act; and all such Samples shall and may be delivered out of such Warehouse and Warehouses for Exportation, and be exported in separate Packages from the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases in which the same were so originally imported, provided the same are so respectively delivered out and exported with such respective Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases of Tobacco in which the same were so respectively originally imported.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the damaged or mean Tobacco, m any of the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases which shall be so separated, and for which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees thereof respectively, shall refuse to pay the Duties directed by this Act, shall be so great in Quantity, that the Residue of the Tobacco in any of such Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or cases, shall be under the Weight of four hundred and fifty Pounds, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, in the Presence of the proper Landing Waiters of the Customs, and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, to cause all such Residue of such Tobacco to be repacked and put together, in the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be so deposited, lodged, and secured as directed by this Act, into one or more of the same Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or cases, out of which such damaged or mean Tobacco shall betaken; and all and every such Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases of Tobacco so repacked shall and may be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses for Exportation and exported, provided the Quantity* of the Tobacco so repacked in each such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Cale, shall amount to four hundred and twenty-five Pounds Weight or more, and the Plantation or Maiufeft Mark and Number which were upon such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case at the Time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, and also the Landing Marks and Numbers respectively, which were set, stamped, or affixed, according to the Directions of this Act, upon such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, when the same was first landed in Great Britain, shall be thereon at the Time when the same shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses for Exportation, and at the Time of the Exportation thereof; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That such Tobacco intended to be exported shall and may from Time to Time (the same having been duly entered with the Collector of the Customs Outwards) be delivered for Exportation from and out of such Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be so deposited, lodged, and secured, upon the Person or Persons intending to export such Tobacco, or some Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, producing to the Custom and Excise Warehouse keepers respectively, belonging to such Warehouse or Warehouses, a Certificate or Certificates of the Bond herrin-before directed being duly entered into-for the Exportation of such Tobacco, and also producing in like Manner, if the Tobacco so intended to be exported be Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, a Certificate or Certificates, under the respective Hands of the proper Collector of the Customs and Excise respectively, of the Duty by this Act impaled for oc in respect thereof being fully paid; and upon such Delivery of any such Tobacco for Exportation, the ferae shall be forthwith carried and conveyed, at the Expence of such Person or Persons, by such Person or

A.D. 17^9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 605

Persons as shall be authorised, according to an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for regulating the Production of Alcnifyh^ and for 7no re effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining bounties and Drawbacks, and in the clandestine rdanding of Goods), by Licence under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to C3rry or put on board Ships and Vessels, for Exportation to foreign Parts, Goods entitled to Drawback, Bounty, or Premium, according to the Directions of the said Act; and the same shall also be attended by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs on board such Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be intended to be exported.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Tobacco, after the Delivery thereof from any such If Tobacco, so Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid for Exportation, shall, before the shipping thereof, be lodged or delivered, shall deposited in any Warehouse or other Place, so as to be concealed from publick View or Inspection, or shall not^TVin^ not be shipped within the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Delivery thereof, or if the Hogshead, H->un», &c"it Calk, Chest, or Case, in which such Tobacco was contained at the Time of such Delivery, shall be wilfully shall be forfeit*' opened, or any Part of such Tobacco taken thereout, after such Delivery thereof, and before its Arrival at with the the Place for which the same shall be entered for Exportation, then, and in each and every such Case, CaflLS# all such Tobacco, and the Hogsheads, Casks, Chefls, and Cales respectively containing the lame, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be ieized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excile.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, after if Tobacco, the same shall have been shipped for Exportation in or on board any Ship or Vessel, in pursuance and feipt for Ex-according to the Directions of this Act, shall be imfliipped for any Purpose whatever, either within the bc

Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or shall be relanded in with!nPfoar this Kingdom out of or from such Ship or Vessel (unless in case of Necessity or Distress, to lave the Ship Leagues of the and Goods from perilling, which shall be immediately made known to the principal Officers of the Custonls Coast, or rehnd-jrefiding at tire Port nearest to which such Ship or Vessel shall be at the Time such Necessity or Distress «<Hnthe King-shall arise), then not only such Tobacco lo unshipped, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Cliefts, cases, or other Packages respectively, containing the same, but also the Ship or Vessel in or on board which the ^c &c# same shall be so shipped, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apnarel, and also

the Ship, Vessel, or Boat into which such Tobacco shall be unshipped, or put after such unshipping thereof, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and

may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excile.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, shall be No Tobacco t# entered or shipped for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas, Ireland excepted, in any Ship or Vessel be exPor:e<1 whatever, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be of the Burthen of seventy Tons or upwards; and if any ^anC, S0°xons Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise shall apprehend, or have real'on to believe, th*t any such Ship except to irel* or Vessel bound to Foreign Parts, and having Tobacco on board her, shall not be of the Burthen of seventy land; and if Tons or upwards, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to flop and detain such Ship or they are fuf-Vessel, and the whole Cargo laden on board her of Tobacco and all other Goods, until he or they shall Peded to cause such Ship or Vessel to be admeasured, according to the Rules for Admeasurement prescribed by an deuined^te Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled, An Act for the further roeafured °Src! Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation); and if it shall appear by such Admeasurement 9

that any such Ship or Vessel is of the Burthen ot seventy Tons or upwards, the Officer or Officers so Hopping or detaining her and her Cargo, shall not be subject or liable to any Action for Damages oc-cauoned by such Stoppage and Detention; and if the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge -or Command of any Ship or Vessel outward bound to foreign Parts (Ireland excepted), having Tobacco in or on board her, shall enter and clear out such Ship or Vessel at the Custom House, as of the Burthen of seventy Tons or upwards* and such Ship or Vessel shall not be of so great Burthen as seventy Tons, according to the Rule for Aameasurement prescribed by the said Act, such Matter or other Person shall forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall erase, cut out, burn perfofti effing out, biot out, or in anywise whatever alter, change, or deface any Mark or Number, or Marks or Num- Marki on bers, which was or were burnt in, cut in, or set upon any Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case whatever of HoPfliead»,to Tobacco in his said Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Mands, or Territories in America, or in the United for*elt 10°1* States of America, or any of the Landing Marks or Numbers which shall be set, stamped, or affixed thereon, according to the Directions of this Act, he, she, or they so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Bonds herein-before directed to be given shall be discharged Regulations for in Manner herein mentioned; (that is to say). For such unmanufactured Tobacco as shall be entered for discharging Exportation to the Kingdom of Ireland, or the 1 (lands of Guernsey, Je?fey, Alderney, or Sark, upon the Bands given for Production of a Certificate to the Collector, or other Chief Officer of the Customs who took such Bond, Xobwco)0*' ~ within six Months from the Date of such Bond, testifying the Landing of such Tobacco there; upon the like Production of a like Certificate, within twelve Months, for such Tobacco as shall be so entered for any other Port or Place in Europe (other than the Isle of Man and the Islands of Faro or Ferro), or any Port or Place in Acts or Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar; upon the like Production of a like Certificate within eighteen Months, for such Tobacco as shall be so entered for any of his Majesty's Colonies,

Plantations, Ulands, or Territories in America or Africa, or the United States of America; and upon the like Production of a like Certificate, within twenty-four Months, for such Tobacco as shall be so entered for any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope\ and such Certificates respectively, for such Tobacco as shall bc fb entered for, and landed in, any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's

.6o6 <C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

for exporting Tobacco to Ireland, not to be so'-teited, if the Quantity certified to be landed is not

Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident in such Port or Place where such Tobacco shall be so entered for and landed, such Certificate shall be signed by the British Consul, or other Person acting as such, there; and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs, or British Consul, or other Person acting as such, shall be resident at such Port or Place where such Tobacco shall be so entered for and landed, such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate of such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place where such Tobacco shall be so landed; or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged, upon Proof, in any or either of the said cases, that such Tobacco was taken by Enemies, or perishea in the Sea, or was destroyed by Fire; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland, for the Time being, respectively.'

L. Provided always, That no such Bond shall be forfeited for or by reason of any such Certificate not testifying the Landing the whole Quantity of Tobacco mentioned in any such Bond at the Port or Place of Importation in Ireland expressed in such Bond, if the Quantity testified to be so landed (haM not be deficient more than two Pounds in every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco mentioned in such Bond.

deficient more than alb. in the 100.

From Oct. lo, 1789,no Tobacco to be exported to Jrriey, Arc. without the Licence of the Commissioners of the Customs.

Quantities that may be annually exported with such Licence.

Warehoused Tobacdo to be taken away in 24. Months,

and W?.rehrufed Sauff in one Month.

Regulations on taking from W archeufes, for KoxeConsump-tion, Tobacco and Snuff.

c LI. And whereas it is expedient that Tobacco should not be exported from Great Britain to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or any or either of them, or to the Isle of Man, unless permitted by Licence under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, and that such Permission should be limited to certain Quantities, to be exported thither annually "be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, it shall not be lawful to export, or to enter for Exportation, from Great Britain to the said Blands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, or any or either of them, or to the Isle of Man, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, any Tobacco, unless Permission be first given for that Purpose by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any three or more of them, by Licence under their Hands; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised and required, on Application to them in Writing for that Purpose, to grant their Licence from Time to Time, under their Hands (such Licence to continue in force thirty Days from the Date thereof, and no longer), to any of his Majesty's Subjects, to export from any of the said enumerated Ports in England, in British-bu\\t Ships, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, and not of Ids Burthen than seventy Tons (the Tonnage to be ascertained in the Manner directed by this Act), to the said Blands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark, and the Isle of Man, respectively, any Quantity of Tobacco, either manufactured or unmanufactured, not exceeding in the whole, in any one Year, to those Places respectively, the following Quantities; (that is to say) to the Bland of Jersey, any Quantity not exceeding forty thousand Pounds Weight; to the Island of Guernsey, any Quantity not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds Weight; to the Island of Alderney, any Quantity not exceeding five thousand Pounds Weight; to the Island of Sark, any Quantity not exceeding one thousand Pounds Weight j and to the IJk of Man, any Quantity not exceeding forty thousand Pounds Weight.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of Tobacco which shall be deoofited, lodged, or secured in any such Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, shall, within twenty-four Months, to be computed from the Day on which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Tobacco shall or ought to have made his, her, or their Entry thereof in Writing, according to the Directions of this Act, clear and take from and out of such Warehouse or Warehouses reflectively, either for Exportation, according to the Directions herein-before contained, or for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, all such Tobacco; and that all and every Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors* Consignee or Consignees of Snuft which shall be dejxifitea, lodged, or fecuicd in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall, within one Month, to be computed from the Day on which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Snuff shall or ought to have made his, her, or their Entry thereof, in Writing, according to the Directions of this Act, clear and take away, from and out of such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, all such Snuff; and that when any Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any Tobacco or Snuff deposited, lodged, or secured in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall intend to clear or take from or out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, any Tobacco for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, or any Snuff, he, she, or they shall give at least twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing to the Custom and Excise Warehouse Keepers respectively belonging to such Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, of his, her, or their Intention so to do, and of the particular Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases of such Tobacco and Snuff reflectively so intended to be cleared or taken out, and also the Landing Marks or Numbers which were set, stamped, or affixed upon each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of Tobacco and Snuff respectively, according to the Directions of this Act; and shall also, at thi Time specified in such Notice, or within one Hour after, at his, her, or their own Expence, bring all such Tobacco and Snuft' respectively specified in such Notice, from the Parts or Places of such Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited and flowed away, and also forthwith take, or cause to be taken, all such Tobacco from and out of the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases containing the same, and bring the same, or cause the lame, when so taken out, to be brought to and put into the proper Scales,

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 607

to be weighed in such Warehouse or Warehouses, and shall also, in like Manner, bring all such Snuff, or cause the tameXo be brought to and put into the proper Scales to be weighed; and the proper Custom Landing Waiter or Landing Waiters, and proper Officer or Officers of Excise respectively, belonging to such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall forthwith, within such Warehouse or Warehouses, weigh, or cause to be weighed, and take an Account of, each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Cale of Tobacco, and also of all such Snuff; and all and every such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, shall thereupon forthwith pay down in ready Money into the Hands of the proper Collectors of the Customs and Excise respectively, the said several Duties of Customs and Excise by this Act impeded for or in respect of such Tobacco and Snuff receptively; and such Irrfporter or Importers,

Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, shall also, before any such Tobacco or Snuff shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, procure from the Collector and other Chief Officers of the Customs, a Certificate of the Payment of the Custom Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Tobacco or Snuff, and shall also procure from the Collector of Excise a Certificate of the Payment of the Excise Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Tobacco or Snuff, and shall also indorse upon such Certificates respectively, in a fair, distinct, and legible Manner, the Plantation or Manifest Mark and Number, which were upon each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case of Tobacco or Snuff, at the Time when the same was first imported into Great Britain, and also the Landing Marks and Numbers which were set, stamped, or affixed, according to the Directions of this Act, upon each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case thereof, together with the exact Weight of the Tobacco or Snuff contained in each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chest or Case, at the Time of its being landed in Great Britain, and like wife the Weight of the Tobacco or Snuff contained in each such particular Hogshead*

Cask, Chest, or Case, at the Time of its being weighed for Home Trade Consumption, or Manufacture; and shall deliver to the Custom Warehouse Keeper such Certificate so procured from the Collector and other Chief Officers of the Customs, and indorsed as herein directed, and shall also deliver to the proper Excise Warehouse Keeper such Certificate so procured from the Collector of Excise, and indorsed as aforesaid; and upon such Certificates being so indorsed and delivered as aforesaid, the said Custom and Excise Warehouse Keepers shall deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, such Tobacco and Snuff specified in such Certificates and Indorsements, and the proper Officer of Excise shall thereupon give to such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, a Permit or Permits for the Removal thereof from such Warehouse or Warehouses, to the entered Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, to whom such Tobacco and Snuff respectively are intended to be removed; and no such Tobacco or Snuff shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse, unless such Certificates, so indorsed as aforesaid, shall be previously procured and delivered as aforesaid; and if any such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, shall not, at the Time specified in such Notice, or within one Hour after, bring such Tobacco and Snuff respectively specified in such Notice, from the Part or Place of such Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be so deposited and flowed away, and also forthwith take or cause to be taken all such Tobacco from and out of the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, or Cases containing the same, and bring or cause to be brought such Tobacco or Snuff to and put into the proper Scales to be weighed, according to the Directions of this Act, then such Notice shall be void and of none Effect; and the like Notice in Writing shall be again given, before any such Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall be weighed or delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses.

LIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Proprietor or Proprietors of such unmanufactured Tobacco shall pay Warehouse Rent after the Rate of Sixpence per Week for each and every

Hogshead, Cask* Chest, or Case of such Tobacco as shall remain in such Warehouse or Warehouses after r__________

the Expiration ot eighteen Months, to be computed from the Day on which the Importer or Importers, hfe Room of Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Tobacco shall or ought to have made his or Tobacco, aftet their Entry thereof as aforesaid. VtaST

from Entry.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the proper Custom Landing Waiter and Landing Waiters, and In weigh;ng proper Officer or Officers of Excise, shall, in the weighing and taking Account of all Tobacco and Snuff Tobacco and respectively, in such Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided as aforesaid, and by this Act directed to be Snuff, a lb. per weighed and taken an Account of therein, give the Turn of the Scale in favour of the Crown, and in lieu Hogshead to be thereof shall allow the Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof two Pounds Weight avoirdupois xurn'of the upon each and every Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of such Tobacco and Snuff* respectively so weighed scale, and taken an Account of.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any Tobacco which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any Warehouse or Ware*-houses to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, shall omit, neglect, or ref'use to clear or take any Tobacco from or out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, or secured as herein directed, within twenty-four Months, to be computed from the Day on which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Tobacco shall or ought to have made his, her, or their Entries thereof in Writing according to the Directions of this Act, or shall omit, neglect, or refuse to pay or clear off any of the Duties by this Act imposed or *or payment payable for or in respect of such Tobacco according to the Directions of this Act, or within such twenty- lhe Dut,c* four Months; or if any Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any Snuff* which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, shall omit, neglect, or relufe to clear or take any such Snuff from or

out

Sixpence per Hogshead per Week to be paid for Ware-

If Tobacco be not taken from the Warehouse in 24 Months and the Du ies paid, and Snuff in one Month, it may be fold

6o8

«nd if no tmre than 'he Duties are offered for such Tobacco or Snuff, it may be burnt, and the Arties fold.

If Tobacco or Snuff be not taken from the Warehouse in 14. Days after being *e:ghcd for Exportation or Home Consumption, 6d. per Week to be paid for each Hogshead, dec.

No Persons to be employed by Importers, See, of Tobacco or Snuff, in the King’s Ware-houses, but such as are licensed by the of the Curtotns.

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, or secured 1$ herein directed, within one Month, to be computed from the Day on which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, ConHgnce or Consignees of such Snuff* shall or ought to have made his, her, or their Entries thereof in Writing according to the Directions of this AsSt, or shall omit, neglect, or refute to pay or clear' off any of the Duties by this Act imposed or payable for or in respect of such Snuff according to the Directions of this Act, or within such 011c Month, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and to and for the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, for the Time being, or any three or more of them, and to and for the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them reflectively for the Time being, to cause all such Tobacco and Snuff refjactively, together with the Hogs-heads, Casks, Chelts, and Cales respectively containing the same, to be publickly sold to the belt Bidder, at such Places as the said respective Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, as the Case may require, shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the said Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Tobacco, upon the same being delivered for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been so deposited, lodged, and secured, or for or in respect of such Snuff, upon the same being delivered out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which such Snuff dull have been so deposited, lodged, and secured, together with all reusonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of the Keeping and Sale of such Tobacco and Snuff’ respectively; and if the Money arising from the Sale thereof shall be more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the said Duties, together with such Costs, Charges, and Expences, the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being (in case the said respective Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or three or more of them in Scotland, shall cause such Tobacco or Snuff to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective Commissioners of Excise, so much of such Excess or Surplus as will be sufficient to ladsfy the Excise Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, upon the Delivery of such Tobacco and Snuff’ respectively for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same respectively shall be deposited, lodged, and secured; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise (in case they, or the major Part of them reflectively, shall cause such Tobacco or Snuff to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective Receivers General of the Customs, so much of such Excess or Surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the Custom Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, upon the Delivery thereof, for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same respectively shall be denofited, lodged, and secured, and the Overplus, if any be, shall be paid to the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, or other Person or Persons authorised to receive the same; and if in case, upon such Tobacco or Snuff being put up or offered to sale, no Person or Persons shall offer or bid for the same more Money than the said Duties taken together would amount unto, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners respectively to cause the same respectively to be burnt or destroyed, and to sell and diipde of the Allies arising therefrom for the most Money that can be gotten for the feme.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of Tobacco and Snuff respectively, which shall be weighod and taken sn Account of respectively, according to the Directions of this Act, either for Exportation or for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, shall, within fourteen Days after such weighing of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, clear and take away all such Tobacco and Snuff respectively from and out of such Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been so weighed; and if any such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any Tobacco or Snuff respectively, shall suffer any such Tobacco or Snuff respectively to be or remain in any such Warehouse or Warehouses more than fourteen Days after such Weighing of such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, he, she, or they shall, over and besides the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Tobacco or Snuff respectively, pay, or cause to be paid, to the proper Custom Warehouse Keeper belonging to such Warehouse, at and after the Rate of Sixpence fer Week for each and every such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, for the Time during which any such Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall remain in such Warehouse or Warehouses after the Expiration of such fourteen Days, and ia default of such Payment no such Tobacco or Snuff shall be delivered from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses to such Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, but the same shall be fold and disposed of, and the Money arising from such Sale thereof be applied in Manner as is herein directed for and in respect of Tobacco and Snuff* which the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to clear or take from and out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, or secured, within the Times respectively herein-before in that Behalf prescribed and directed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatever shall be employed by any Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any Tobacco or Snuff, deposited, lodged, or secured in any such Warehouse or Warehouses, nor shall any such Person or Persons do or perform any Act, Matter, or Thing, in or about the taking any such Tobacco or Snuff from or out of any Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, containing the feme, or in or about the fe^arating any damaged or mean Tobacco from the Residue of such Tobacco, or bringing such Tobacco or Snuff, or causing the Uoe to be brought to or put into the proper Scales to be weighed, or removing or flowing the same away in such Warehouse or Warehouses, or removing the same from or out of mch Warehouse or Warehouses, upon the Delivery thereof from or out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, unlefe such Person or Persons shall be previously duly licensed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Tux

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 609

Tobacco or Snuff ravrd fn m any Wr'tk to be lodged in the neareib Collom House Warehouse.

Manufacturerl and Dialers to crake Fntry three Days preview? to their manufacturing or felling Tobacco, dec. or

Snuft*, of 1 heir

Warehouses,

Sec. on Penalty or 200). and

being, or any four or more of them, or the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them; and such Coinrniinoners of the Customs in England and Scotland reflectively are hereby authorised and impowered to grant such Licences, and to take^ such proper Bond or other Security as they shall respectively deem necessary, for the faithful and upright Conduct, in every Respect, of such Person or Persons, and the Servants by him or them from Time to Time employed in the JJehclf aforesaid, in such Warehouse or Warehouses.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco or Snuff shall be saved from any Ship or Vessel, being Wreck, or being (branded, or in Di it refs on the Coast of this Kingdom, all such Tobacco shall be forthwith deposited, lodged, and secured in the Custom House Warehouse nearest to the Place where the same shall be found, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned and contained.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, shall, three Days at the lead before he, she, or they shall begin to manufacture or fell any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, make true and particular Entry in Writing of all House?, Ware-houses, Workhouses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places, by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish,

Tobacco Staiks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, at the Office of F.xcise within the Compals or Limits whereof such respective Houses, Warehouses, Workhouses, Shops,

Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places reflectively, shall be situate, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds (or every House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which he, she, or they shall make use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco or future of Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Static Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, Tobacco, ku without having made such Entry thereof as aforesaid, together with the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish,

Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff* Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, which shall at any Time be found therein, and also all the Casks, Vessels, and Packages whatsoever, containing the same; and all Lch Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour,

Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff, Casks, Vessels, and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where any Entiy shall be made by any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, of any House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop,

Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, for the manufacturing, keeping, or selling Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks,

Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, no other failing or Dntry shall be made by any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Tobacco felling Tobacco, or Snuff (not being in Partnership with such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, making such first Entry) of the same, or of any other House, Shop, Roo*n, Cellar, Vault, or other Place whatsoever, for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff’ Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, under the same Roof, or within the same House or Tenement, in which such first Entry shall then be existing; but every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, making such further Entry of the same House, or of any other such Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, under the same Roof, or within the same House or Tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further Fntry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Tobacco or Snuff without Entry, and subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures as Manufacturers of and Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff without Entry are subject unto by virtue of this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing within the Limits of No Entry of any the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall manufacture any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco To"U"

Staiks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, unless such Person or Per- bacco, &c.or" fons shall occupy a "Tenement or Tenements of the yearly Rent of ten Pounds or upwards, and for which Snuff, within he, she, or they shall accordingly be allelled in his, her, or their own Name or Names, and shall also pay to the Limits of the Pan(h Rates; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, residing in any other Part of the Kingdom of o^YnLo j n Great Britain, where there are Rates to Church and Poor, shall manufacture any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk?, to bYvTlid°n °n> Spanish, "Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, unless unless made by such Person or Persons respectively shall be aileffed and pay to Church and Poor, in the several Parishes an Occupier 0/ and Places in which such Person or Persons shall respectively reside; and that no Fntry of any House, Tenement of Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place for the manufacturing Tobacco, »oI‘year,y-Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Staiic Flour, or any other Vhce Snuff, shall be of any avail to any Person or Persons not so qualified, or for any longer Time than the unless the Person or Persons so making such Entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; and every Person manufacturing Manufacturer Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk PTour, Snuff Work, Tobacco £ahy to’he Stalk PTour, or Snuff, and not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding any Fntry by him, her, or p0(Y^J"d them made, be deemed and taken to be a Person manufacturing Tobacco or Snuff without Entry, within the Meaning of this Act.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer and Dealers in, Tobacco or Snuff* shall cause to be painted or written, in large legible Characters, over the have ^CCI. 0. outer Door, or in the Front, or on (bme conspicuous Part of each and every House, Warehouse, Work- Words hcreli house. Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, by him, her,<or them respectively made use of for the mentioned, manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobt;«co Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk P^ifl*fed vn ,htIr

1’lour> Peaih) ""50l.'}

Where Entry has been made of any House, &c. for manu-

re. or Snuff, no other Entry to be made of any Place under the Lme Roof.

6io

;fany )V» f'n who his S' t mtoe Eniry ihi'\ p?int (ucji W. ras on hi* Honir, he shall so*U.i: IOO 1. *C.

P<*rfon? msnu-Enduring Tobacco, &c. or b-niff, in any Place out of tht Limit* of the Ci ict Office of } xc iie in Lm. d n, except in Cities, fee. to forfeit 50i -i

bat not to extend to Manufactories duly entered and used prior to July 5, 17S9,

By Sept. 30, 1789,an Account on Oath of the Stcclt of Tobacco, dec. to be del vt red at the Excite Otiice of the District, on Penalty of Forfeiture,

and also of ths Quantities of Tobacco, tee*

hen out in Operation, on like Penalty.

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Geojigix IH. A-. *7^9*

Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, or Snuff, the Words, ManujaZhtrcr of and Deilcr in Tobacco and Snuff, or Tobacco, or Snuff, or Mcnrafi durer of or Dealer in Tobacco and Snuff* or Tobacco, or Snuff, as the Calc may require, on pain of forfeiting for every inch House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place which shall be so made use of by any such Manufacturer or Manufacturer*, or Dealer or Dealers, without having the said Words painted or written as is hereby directed, the Surn of fifty Pounds.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever,.other than such as shall have duly made Entry at the proper Office of Excise of each and every House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, and other Place, by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, or one of them, shall paint or write, or cause to ce painted or written, over the outer Door, or in the Front, or on any Part of any floufe. Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or Place to him, her, or them belonging, the said Words, or any of them, all and every such Person or Persons respectively offending therein shall, for each and every fico ()hdnee, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall also be subject to the feve ra! 1 enr.Pies and Forfeitures to which Persons manufacturing of or dealing in Tobacco and Snuff, or either of them, without Entry, are luejected to by virtue of this Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall manufacture, or cause or procure to be manufactured, out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any Place or Places whatsoever, other than and except Cities and the Suburbs thereof, and Market Towns, and also except such Place and Places respectively as shall be more than five Miles distant from any Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain, unless such Place or Places shall be a City or Suburbs thereof, or a Market Town within three Miles of fume Port into which Tobacco may be imported under this Act, and in which the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff shall be carried on at the Time of passing this Act; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall manufacture, or cause or procure to be manufactured, out of the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, any Tobacco, Tobacco Sulks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in any Place or Places whatsoever, other than and except.Cities and the Suburbs thereof, and Market Towns, and also except such Place and Places respectively as shall be more than five Miles distant from any Part of the Sea Coast of Great Britain, the Person or Persons so offending shall severally and reflectively, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXV. Provided always, That no Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff, duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds for or by reason of his, her, or their manufacturing, or causing or procuring to be manufactured, any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Fuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, at any Tobacco or Snuff Manufactory, whereof due Entry shall be made at the Office of Excise, according to the Directions of this Act, and which shall have been used as a Tobacco or Snuff Manufactory respectively, at any Time on or before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff shall, on or before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, deliver or cause to be delivered, upon Oath, according to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof his, her, or their respective Houses, Warehouses, Workhouses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places by him, her, or them, made use of for the manufacturing, keeping, or felling Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, respectively, shall be situate, a just, true, and particular Account in Writing of the Weight of the several Quantities of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, which shall, on the said thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, specifying in such Account how much thereof is unmanufactured Tobacco, how much thereof Short Cut Tobacco, how much thereof Shag Tobacco, how much thereof Roll Tobacco completely manufactured, how much thereof Carrot Tobacco completely manufactured, how much thereof Tobacco Stalks, how much thereof Spanish, how much thereof Returns of Tobacco, how much thereof Tobacco Stalk Flour, how much thereof British Rappee Snuff, how much thereof Scotch Snuff, how much thereof Brown Scotch Snuff, and how much thereof Foreign Snuff, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such Account, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spari/h, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, whereof no iiich Account shall be Vo delivered, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, and Packages respectively, containing the same respectively; and such Tobacco, "Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff, Hogsheads, Casks, and Packages respectively, shall and may beleized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff shall, on or before the said thirtretn Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, deliver or cause to be delivered upon Oath, according to the best of his, her, and their Knowledge and Belief, at the Office of Excile within the Compass or Limits whereof his, her, or their respective Houses, Warehouses, Workhouses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Places respectively by him, her, or them made use of for the manufacturing or keeping Tobacco, ToPacco Stalks, or Snuff Work, in Operation, shall be situate, a just, true, and particular Account in Writing of the Weight of the several

Quantities

A.D. 17^9« Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

Quantities of Tobacco when put in Operation for Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco, respectively; of the Weight of the several Quantities of Tobacco Stalks, when put in Operation for Spanish and Tobacco Stalk Flour reflectively; and of the Weight of the several Quantities of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco, when put in Operation for British Rappee Souff, Scotch Snuff, and Brown Scotch Snuff, respectively. which shall, on the said thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, be in his, her, or their Custody or Possession; and in such Account shall specify the Number of his, her, cr their Roils and Carrots of Tobrcco respectively, on Tain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal to deliver or cause to be delivered such Account, all the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff Work respectively in Operation in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, and whereof no such Account shall be delivered, together with the Hogsheads, Cate, and^ Packages whatsoever, containing the same respectively; and such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Snuff Work, Hogsheads, Casks, and Packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of excise.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk PTour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, which shall, on the said thirtieth Day of Sep ember one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, or within ten Days then next following, be found in the Custody or PolldTion of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, and for or in respect whereof he, she, or they shall not have sufficient Credit on the Custom-house Looks, or in default thereof shall not make sufficient Proof, to the Satisfaction of the said respective Com-cnifiioners of Excise, that he, she, or they bought the same in the fair Way of Trade, from some Person or Persons who was or were openly known and reputed to be a regular Dealer or regular Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, together with the Hogsheads, Cate, and Packages whatsoever, containing such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk F lour, and Snuff respectively, shall be forfeited; and such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff, Hogsheads. Casks, and Packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff shall, three Days at least before he, she, or they mall begin to manufacture any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, make true and particular Entry in Writing, at the Office of Excise within the Compass or Limits whereof he, she, or they shall have, keep, or use any Mill, Press, Engine, Roller, Stove, Muller, or Spinning Wheel, for the performing any Process, Operation, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, in or about the manufacturing Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, of each and tvery such Mill, Press, Engine, Roller, Stove, Muller, or Spinning Wheel, for the performing any Process, Operation, Matter, or Thing, in or about the manufacturing of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanijfy>, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff* Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Mill, Press, Engine, Roller, Stove, Muller, or Spinning Wheel, which he, she, or they shall have, keep, or use for the performing any Process, Operation, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, in or about the manufacturing Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or deal in Tobacco or Snuff, shall, before he, she, or they shall manufacture Tobacco or Snuff', or, deal in Tobacco or Snuff, take out such Licence and Licences herein after mentioned as the Case may require, authorising such Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, as the Case may require, which Licences respectively shall be granted in Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, if any such Licence shall be granted to authorise the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff" within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, the same shall be granted under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or of such Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; but if any such Licence shall be granted to authorise the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, in any Part of the Kingdom of England out of the Limits of the said Chief Office, the same shall be granted under the respective Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of Excise within their respective Collections and Districts; and in case any such Licence shall be granted to authorise the Person or Persons to whom-the same shall be granted to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the H&nds and Seals of two or more of the Commissioners of Excile in Scotland for the Time being; or if any such Licence shall be granted to authorise the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff', or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, in any Part of Scotland out of the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the resptccive Hands and Seals of the Collectors and Supervisors of hxcise in Scotland, within their respective Collections and Distri&s; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or two or more of th.m respectively, and the Perh ns to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, and also all such Collectors and Supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant such Licences to the Persons who shall apply for the same, on the Person or Persons applying for the lame hi ft payug the several Sums of Monty herein after mentioned; that is to say,

611

Tobacco, Sec, found on 30, 1789,or 10 Days follow) ryr, in the PoffrffLn of any Manufacturer r r Dealer, for which he hit no Crtdit on the Custotn-h >use rO' ks, to be forlci cd, See,

Entry to be rrade at 'he Excise < ffice of the Distiici ot all Mill*, See, 3 Dav« previous o using them, on Penalty of 50l. for each.

Manufacturer! of Tobacco or Snuff, 1 r Deai-eri '.here:n, to take out Licences, w h’th at ro I e granted as herein spe-C'fiid.

612

The Duties be paid for Licences*

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

to The Sum of forty Shillings for each such Licence which shall be granted previous to the tenth Day of

November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff until the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety:

The Sum of forty Shillings for each and every such Licence which shall be granted afrer the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such Licence, shall not have exceeded the Quantity of twenty thousand Pouncs Weight:

The Sum of three Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manuLfturc Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of Otfnher previous to his, her, or tite r taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded twenty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded thirty thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of four Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of Ns-vember one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of (hitler previous to his, her, or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded thirty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded, forty thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of five Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded forty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded fifty thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of six Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of (JtUber previous to his, her, or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded fifty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded sixty thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of seven Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded sixty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded seventy thousand Pounds Weight:

'The Sum of eight Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of No-> vember one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day. of Otimber previous- to his, her, or cheir taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded seventy thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded eighty thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of nine Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of October previous to his, her, or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded eighty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded ninety thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of ten Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of Nsvem-her one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff*, if the Tobacco and Snuff* Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of Oficber previous to his, her, or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded ninety thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded one hundred thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of twelve Pounds toi^each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff*, if the Tobacco and Snuff* Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of October previous to his, her, or their taking but such Licence, shall have exceeded one hundred thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight:

'The Sum of fifteen Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Day of October previous to his, her,

To whom the Duties for Licences are to b« paid.

A.D. 1709. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 613

or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight, and shall not have exceeded one hundred and fitly thousand Pounds Weight:

The Sum of twenty Pounds for each such Licence which shall be granted after the said tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by him, her, or them, for Manufacture according to the Directions of this Act, within the Year ending the tenth Lay of Ochber previous to his, her, or their taking out such Licence, shall have exceeded one hundred and silty thousand Pounds Weight:

And the Sum of five Shillings for each such Licence to authorise him, her, or them to deal in Tobacco and Snuff within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; and the Sum of two Shillings and Sixpence for cadi such Licence to authorise the Person or Periops to whom the same shall be granted to deal in Tobacco and Snuff in any other xTit of Great Britain* out of the said respective Limits.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money by this Act directed to be paid for such Licences respectively shall be paid for such respective Licences to such hersons ns are herein after in that Behalf respectively mentioned; (that is to say,) Such thereof as shall be paid for Licences which shall be granted to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuif, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excile in London; and such thereof as shall be paid for such Licences which shall be granted to authorise any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, shall be paid at the Chief Office of Excise at Edinburgh; and such thereof as shall be paid for such Licences respectively which shall be granted to authorise any rerlon or Persons to manufacture obacco and Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, in any Part of Great Britain out of the said respective Limits, shall be paid to the respective Collectors of Excise granting such respective Licences.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or deal in Tobacco or Snuff, after the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of taking out any such Licence as aforesaid* unless such Person or Persons shall take out a fresh Licence, in the Manner hereinbefore directed, ten Days at lead before the Expiration of twelve Months from the Time of taking out such former Licence, and so in like Manner from Year to Year and that if any Person or Persons shall manufacture Tobacco or Snuff without first taking out a Licence, and renewing the same yearly, as herein-before in that Behalf directed, he, she, or they shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and that if any Person or Persons shall deal in Tobacco or Snuff, without first taking out a Licence, and renewing the same yearly, as is herein-before in that Behalf directed, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons to whom any Licence shall be granted according to the Directions of this Act, to authorise him, her, or them to manufacture Tobacco and Snuff, shall be obliged to take out any Licence to authorise him, her, or them to deal in Tobacco and Snuff, or either of them, so that such Person or Persons shall not at any Time fell any Tobacco in a less Quantity than four Pounds Weight, or any Snuff in a less Quantity than two Pounds Weight, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Licer cps to Ye icncwtd yearly.

Penalty on not taking cut, or not renewing Licence*

LXXIV. Provided also, That Persons manufacturing Tobacco or Snuff, or dealing in Tobacco or Snuff, in Partnership, and in one House or Shop only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one Licence in any one Year for manufacturing Tobacco and Snuff, or for dealing in Tobacco and Snuff; and that no one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act shall authorise or empower any Person or Persons to manufacture Tobacco or Snuff, or to deal in Tobacco or Snuff, in any other House, Ware-' house, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, than such Houses, Warehouses, Work-houses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, or other Places, whereof Entry in Writing shall be made at the Office of Excise, in the Names of such Person or Persons, according to the Directions of this Act, ac the Time of granting such Licence.

LXXV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to make any Person or Persons liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds for or by reason of the Sale of unmanufactured Tobacco, or for or by reason of the Sale of any Snuff, whilst such Tobacco or Snuff shall be and remain in the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of this Act.

Snuff while ibey remain in the K!

Mtnofaduren not felling Tobacco in left Quantiti~a th'n 4lb. and Snuff than zlb. need not take out Licence* aa Dealera.

On- Licence

sufficient for a Partnership in

rne House, Lite-.ces n -t to au'hofifc the nnnur’;<ftu"ng ToDjcc «, Arc. in any ohc-r than the Plate ori-g nally emcrei!. No Person to be liable to < enilfy for Sale of ua-manut ‘Ctur-d To1-

!________V

LXXVI. Provided atfo. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to Tobicco Stales extend, to make any Stianish Cutter or Snuff Miller liable to the said Penalty of two hundred Pounds for or by reason of such Spanijix Cutter’s manufacturing any Tobacco Stalks into Spanish, or for or by reason entered2 of such Snuff Miller’s grinding any Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour into Tobacco Stalk Flour, Miiii, on Ac-or any Snuff* Work into Snuff, provided such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, count of i.ther and Snuff Work respectively, so respectively manufactured and ground, shall be so manufactured and Rented Manu-

fground at legal entered Mills, for or on Account of any other Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, duly ^Veicgl'iy re-icensed according to the Directions of this Act, and provided such Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Cf;ved such To-Tobacco Stalk Hour, and Snuff Work respectively, shall have been duly received by such Spanish Cutter bacco Suik«, or Snuff Miller respectively, by legal Permit from such other Manufacturer or Manufacturers, for the lolc Purpose of manufacturing or grinding the same as aforesaid$ any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

614 C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Notice* 11 Herein dircde i to be given the Excise Officer before any Manufacturer begins to strip, &c. Tobacco.

Officer to attend agreeable to Notice, in whose Presence the Tobacco. Sec. is to be weighed!

and to whom a

Declaration is to be given speci-fyir g the Quantity intended to

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Tobacco shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to strip or to (pin any Tobacco, or to press any Tobacco for cutting, or to make any Tobacco into Carrots, or to flatten any Tobacco Stalks for Spanish, give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, six Hours Notice in Writing, if his, her, or their Premises, in which such Tobacco is intended to be stripped, spun, pressed, or made into Carrots, or Tobacco Stalks are intended to be flattened for Spanish, shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any City, or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town; and twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention so to do; and in each and every such Notice for dripping Tobacco, shall specify the Weight of all inch Tobacco intended to be stripped; and in each and every such Notice for spinning, pressing, or making into Carrots, shall specify the several Weights of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, so intended to be pressed, spun, or made into Carrots; and in each and every such Norice for flattening Tobacco Stalks for Spanish, shall specify the Weight of all such Tobacco Stalks so intended to be flattened; and in each and every of the aforesaid Notices shall, as the Case may require, specify the Hour and Time when he, she, or they shall intend to begin so to strip, (pin, press, or make into Carrots, any such Tobacco, or to flatten any‘ such Tobacco Stalks for Spanish; and the proper Officer of Excise shall attend pursuant to any such Notice, and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, immediately on such Officer’s Attendance, or with n one Hour after the Time specified in any such Notice, begin to weigh, separate and apart from each other, in the Prefer.ce of such Officer, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, so intended to be pressed, spun, or made into Carrots, and also all such Tobacco Stalks so intended to be flattened, and shall proceed in and continue each and every such Weighing until all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco, specified in any such Notice, shall be so weighed; and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall also, so soon as such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, specified in any such Notice, shall be so weighed, deliver to such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying how much of such Tobacco and Returns of Tobacco respectively is or are intended to be manufactured into Short Cut Tobacco, how much thereof respectively into Shag Tobacco, and how much of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, is or are intended to be made into Roll and Carrot Tobacco respectively; and a!I

beVed for each and every such Manufacturer and Manufacturers shall, without Delay or Interruption, after such Tobacco, Son at Tobacco. Tobacco Stalks, or Returns of Tobacco, shall have been lo weighed, manufacture the same respectively into Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, according to such Declaration, and also manufacture into Spanish all such Tobacco Stalks, according to such Notice: And if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall begin to (trip or to (pin any Tobacco, or to press any Tobacco for cutting, or to make any Tobacco into Carrots, or to flatten any Tobacco Stalks for Spawjky without giving such Notice as is in that Behalf herein-before directed to be given, or having giiren any fudi Notice, and begun to weigh any such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks in pursuance thereof, shall neglect or reffife to proceed in or to continue any such Weighing, in Manner herein-before directed,-or shall not, so soon as any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Returns of Tobacco respectively, specified in any such Notice, shall be so weighed, deliver to futffi Officer such Declaration as aforesaid, or shall, after any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Returns of Tobacco, shall have been weighed, neglect or refuse to manufacture the same respectively into Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, of Carrot Tobacco, according to such Declaration in Manner here in-before directed, or shall neglect or refuse to manufacture into Stanjh any such ’Tobacco Stalks, according to such Notice, in Manner herein-before directed, 2II and every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LXXVIII. Provided always nevertheless, That no such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty of twenty Pounds, for or by reason of not pressing for cutting, or not spinning or making into Carrots, any Tobacco, according to such Declaration, in case such Tobacco shall, upon further Examination, after the Delivery of such Declaration, appear to be unfit to be so pressed, spun, or made into Carrots, according to such Declaration, and Notice thereof in Writing, specifying the Weight of such Tobacco, shall be given by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, within forty eight Hours next after the Delivery of such Declaration, and in case such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall also, within that Time, in like Manner deliver to such Officer a fresh Declaration in respect thereof, specifying into which of the Sorts of Tobacco hersin-before mentioned the same is to be manufactured, and shall also proceed in like Manner to press for cutting, to spin, or make into Carrots, all such Tobacco, according to such last mentioned Declaration; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXIX. Provided also, That no such Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, being also a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty of twenty Pounds, for or by reason of not (tripping, or not pressing for cutting, or not spinning or making into Carrots, any Tobacco according to such Declaration, in case such Tobacco shall, upon further Examination after cue Delivery bf such Declaration, appear to be unfit to be so stripped, pressed, spun, or made into Carrots, according to such Declaration, and shall be fit only for the Purpose of being laid down in Snuff Woik, and Notice thereof in Writing, specifying the Weight of such Tobacco, shall be given by such Manufacturer or Mamdadturers to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, within forty-eight Hours next after the Delivery of such Declaration; and in case such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall also within that Time, in like Manner, deliver to such Officer a fresh

Penalty of 20% for Negh-ft,

hot not to be incurred, if the Tobacco, asser Declaration, ap prars to be unfit f;>r malting C*ir<r.f, Scc.

anufacturert both ot Tobacco and Snuff, not liable to the aforesaid Penalty, if the Tobacco, after Declan-tion, appears to be fit only for Snuff Work,&c.

A.D. 1780. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 615

Declaration in respect thereof, specifying into what Sort of Snuff Work the same is to be laid down; (that is to say,) whether the same is to be laid down in Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, or Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, and shall also proceed to lay down the same into such particular Sort of Snuff Work, according to such last mentioned Declaration; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall Declaration to have finished the manufacturing any Tobacco into ShortCut Tobacco or Shag Tobacco, or shall have be given the finished the manufacturing any Tobacco Stalks into Spanish, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, when and so soon as any such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks respectively shall be completely manufactured, of the different deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Officer of Excise under whole Survey he, she, or they shall then be, Sorts of Tob»c. a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weight of the Short Cut Tobacco, Sh^g Tobacco, and Spanish, co a* soon a* respectively manufactured horn such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks respectively, and also the Weight of nr»anus*fltired the Returns and Tobacco Stalks respectively arising from such ShortCut Tobacco and Shag Tobacco *hcb'»re* reflectively, in the manufacturing of such Short Cut Tobacco and Shag Tobacco respectively; and such l0 iekepi f*pa-Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall keep all such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, rate for* Spanish, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, separate and apart from each other, and separate and apart Hou-«,or till an from all other Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, for and during the Account be Space of twenty-four Hours, from the Time when such manufacturing shall be finished, or until such Officer shall have taken an Account of the same respectively, on Bain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal na y M 50 ’ thereof the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall A like Deck*’*-have finished the making into Rolls or Carrots any Tobacco, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, tl0" to be *,vcn when and so soon as any such Making shall be finished, deliver or <;ause to be delivered to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey, he, she, or they shall then be, a Declaration in Writing, specifying the #r Carrots, &c. Number of the Rolls and Carrots respectively so made, and the Weight of the Tobacco Stalks, and Returns on like Poof Tobacco respectively, arffing from such Rolls and Carrots respectively, in the manufacturing thereof n*lty; respectively; and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall keep all such Rolls, Carrots, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns respectively, separate and apart from all other Rolls, Carrots, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, for and during the Space of twenty-four Hours, from the Time when such Making shall be finished, or until such Officer shall have taken an Account of the same respectively, on Pain of forfeiting for every Neglect or Refusal thereof the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall and also of Rplh have pressed, cured, and finished any Rolls or Carrots of Tobacco, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers or Carrot*, shall, when and so soon as the lame shall be so prelied, cured, and finished, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Officer of Excise under whose 'Survey he, she, or they shall then be, a Declaration in Writing. tQd c*

specifying the Number of such Rolls and Carrots respectively, and also the Weight of such Rolls and.

Carrots respectively; and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall keep all such Rolls and Carrots respectively separate and apart from all other Rolls and Carrots of Tobacco, for and during the Space of twenty-four Hours from the Time when the same shall be first prefixed, cured, and finished, or until such

Officer shall have taken an Account of the same, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refusal thereof, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall make, jf r0uor manufacture, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Roll Tobacco or Carrot Tobacco rot Tobacco for for Exportation, with any Tobacco Stalks therein; and if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco Exportation hat shall make, manufacture, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Roll Tobacco, or Carrot *«y Tobacco Tobacco for Exportation, with any Tobacco Stalks therein, the same respectively shall be forfeited, and shall Stalk* {herein* and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and such Manufacturer or Manu- mI.

facturers who shall lo make, manufacture, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any such Roll tourer QuU Tobacco or Carrot Tobacco for Exportation with any Tobacco Stalks therein, shall, for each and every loiieit 50L. such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall evit, or cause or No Person to procure to be cut, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, cut w.inst Herbs or Plants whatsoever (not being Tonacco Leaves or Plants) into the Form or in Imitation of any Tree U*e*, &c. of the usual Sizes or Cuts which "Tobacco has been or shall be cut into, or shall colour, (lain, dye, or cure, in I*"i«uono# or cause or procure to be coloured, stained, dyed, or cured, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, 00 penah&of Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants, to referable Tobacco, or shall mix, or cause or Forfeiture procure to be mixed, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, thereof, an*. Herbs or Plants whatsoever, with Tobacco, or shall fell, vend, utter, offer, or expose to Sale, or shall *ooi. have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever (not being Tobacco Leaves or Plants] cut into the Form or in Imitation of any of the usual Sizes or Cuts which obacco has been or shall be cut intb, or any Walnut "Free Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever, coloured, liained, dyed, or cured, to resemble Tobacco, or any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves,.

Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs or Plants, mixed with Tobacco; and if any Person or Persons wha Tver shall cut, or cause or procure to be cut, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves,

Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever (not being Tobacco Leaves or plants) into the Form or in Imitation of any of the usual Sizes or Cuts which Tobacco has been or shall be cut into, oc shall colour, ltain, dye, or cure, or cause or procure to be coloured, Rained, dyed, or cured,

an

TaO jie

6i6

Mi no favorers may keep and

use Dye for Gaining Tobacco.

Snuff Manufacturer* to provide Ciiks for preparing Snuff Wo k, &c. and to place them so atto be tafily examined by the Excise Officer {

and to mark them, on Penalty of 50l.

Manufactureere of Snuff to giv# Not ce ro the Excise Officer before beginning to 1'quor Tobacco, &c. and to fallow the Direction* herein speciffed;

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants, to resemble Tobacco, or shall mix, or cause or procure to be mixed, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hup Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever with Tobacco, or shall £11, vend, utter, offer or expose to bale, or shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever (not being Tobacco Leaves or Plants) cut into the Form or in Imitation of any of the usual Sizes or Cuts whion Tobacco has been or shall be cut into, or any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever, coloured, stained, dyed, or cured to resemble Tobacco, or any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants mixed witfl Tobacco; all and every such Person or Persons respectively shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds; and all such Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants whatsoever (not being Tobacco Leaves or Plants) which shall be lb cot, coloured, stained, dyed, cured, mixed, fold, vended, uttered, offered or exposed to Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, and all such Tobacco with which any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants, shall be mixed, together with the Hogsheads. Cants, Chests, cases, and Packages whatsoever, containing the same, shall be forfeited; and all such Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, and other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants, Tobacco, Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages respectively, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excite.

LXXXV. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco from dying or staining, with any Liquid Dye or Stain, any Tobacco manufacturing or manufactured into Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, or any Tobacco Stalks manufacturing or manufactured into Epanish, or from having such Liquid Dye or Stain in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, for the Purpose of Gaining or dying such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, so manufacturing or manufactured; any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Snuff shall, at his, her, and their own Expence, find and provide proper moveable Casks for preparing or laying down Snuff Work and Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour respectively, as he, she, or they shall lay down in Cask; and shall also, at his, her, and their own Expence, find and provide proper moveable Casks for putting into the same, in Manner herein after directed, such Snuff Work and Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour respectively, as he, she, or they shall lay down in any Bin or Bins; and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall (o construct, place, and keep all Casks by him, her, or them made use of for either of the Purposes aforesaid, in such a Manner as that the Officer or Officers of Excise may conveniently be enabled to examine and weigh the same, and to examine the Contents thereof, at all Times; and shall also, from Time to Time, distinctly mark each and every Calk by him, her, or them uted for either of the Purposes aforesaid, on the mod conspicuous Part thereof, with a progressive Number, and also with the exact Tare and Weight of each and every such Cask; and shall not lay down any Snuff Work, or put any Snuff Work which he, she, or they shall lay down in any Bin or Bins, in any Calk or Casks not so marked as aforesaid, nor shall lay down any Snuff Work in any Vessel, Cade, or Utensil whatsoever, except in a Cask or in Casks so marked as aforesaid, or in a Bin or Bins, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Snuf shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to liquor, damp, (trip, press, or cut any Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, or to lay down any Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Hour, give to the Officer of Excise, under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, six Hours Notice in Writing, if his, hcr, or their Premises, in which such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks is or are intended to be liquored, damped, shipped, pR Hid, or cut, or such Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks is or are intended to be laid down, fba’i befituate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any City, or the Suburbs tnercol, or in any Market Town; and twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, if such Premises shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention to liquor, damp, strip, press, or cut such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, or to lay down any Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks, and in each and every such Notice shall specify the particular Hour and Time when he, she, or they shall intend to begin to liquor, damp, drip, prWs, or cut such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, or to lay down any Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour., and the Weight of such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks respectively so intended to be liquored, damped, dripped, pressed, or cut, and the several Weights of the Tobacco, T6bat co Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco, so intended to be laid down in such Snuff Work, and alfij the Weight o( the Tobacco Stalks so intended to be laid down for Tobacco Stalk Flour, and the Number of the particular Cask or Casks, or the particular Bin, in which the same respectively are intended for be laid down; and such Officer shall attend pursuant to such Notice; and all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers giving any such Notice (or liquoring, damping, dripping, pressing, or cutting Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, shall, immediately on such Officer’s Attendance, or within one Hour after the Tune specified in such Notice, begin to weigh all such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks reflectively, separate and apart from each other, in the Presence of such Officer, and shall also, without Delay or Interruption, proceed in and continue weighing the same, separate and apart from cad* other, in the Presence of such Officer, until all fttch Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks refjnrdtively shall be severally and fepaj atvdy weighed; and shall, immediately after the same respectively dull have been weighed, deliver to

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 617

such Officer a Declaration in Writing, specifying how much of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stacks, and Returns respectively, so intended to be hid down in Snuff Work, is or are intended to be made ir to Rappee Snuff, how much thereof respectively into Scotch Snuff, how much thereof respectively into Brown Scotch Snuff, and how much of such Tobacco Stalks into Tobacco Stalk Flour; and when and so soon as such Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stacks, as the Case may be, shall be laid down in or put imo Cask, such Manufacturer and Manufacturers shall give to the Officer of Excise under whole Survey he, she, or they shall then be, a Notice in Writing of such Snuff Work, of Tobacco Stalks, hing so laid down in, or put into Cask, as the Case may be, specifying in such Notice the Time when such Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, as the Case may be, was or were so hid down; and such Oracer shall attend pursuant to such Notice; and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, immediately on such Officer’s Attendance, in the Presence of such Officer, affix to each and every such Call: a Ticket, specifying the Number of such Calk, the Weight of the Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Kiour, as the Case may be, therein, and the Time when such Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks f r Tobacco Stalk Flour, was or were so la d down; also whether such Snuff Work is intended to be manufactured into Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, hr Brown Scotch Snuff; which Ticket shall be signed as well by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or his, tier, or their Servant, in that Behalf, with his, her, or their Name or Names, as by such Officer with his Name; and when any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall intend to take any Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour from or out of any such Calk, for the Purpose of grinding the same, he, she, or they shall give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, six Hours Notice in Writing, if such Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, shall be laid down within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London^ or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if such Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, shall be laid down in any City or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town; and twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, if such Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, shall be laid down in any other Part of Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention so to do; and in such Notice, shall specify the particular Cask or Casks, and the Number or Numbers thereof respectively, from or out of which such Snuff* Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, is or are intended so to be taken, and shall also specify in every such Notice, whether such Snuff Work so intended to be taken from or out of each such Cask is by him, her, or them intended to be made into Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff; and such Officer shall attend, pursuant to every such Notice; and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall immediately, on such Officer's Attendance, weigh, in the Presence of such Officer, all such Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, specified in any such Notice; and if the Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, so taken out, shall be taken from and out of any Cask in which there shall be Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour remaining, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, immediately after such Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour shall be so taken out, affix a Ticket, signed by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or his, her, or their Servant, in that Behalf, and by such Officer, to every such Cask, specifying the Weight of the Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks, as the Case may require, (o then taken from or out of the same, and the Time when the same was or were so taken out, and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall cause all and every such Tickets reflectively to be kept and continued on each such Calk so which the same shall be so affixed, during all the Time that any Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour shall remain therein; and no Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff*shall mix, mingle, lay together, or put into the same Bin or Cask, any Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour of one Making or Laying-down with Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour of any other Making or Laying-down: And if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff shall begin to liquor, damp, strip, press, or cut any Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, or to lay down any Snuff Work, or any Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, without giving such Notice as is in that Behalf herein-before directed to be given, or having- given any Notice for liquoring, damping, (tripping, pressing or cutting Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, and begun to weigh any such Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks, shall neglect or refuse to proceed in or continue the weighing such Tobacco or Tobacco.Stalks in Manner herein-before directed, or if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, having given any No;ice for laying down Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Returns of Tobacco, in Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk.Flour, and begun to weigh such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Returns of Tobacco, shall neglect or refuse to proceed in and continue the weighing of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco, in Manner herein-before in that Behalf directed, or having weighed any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Returns of Tobacco, according to the Directions of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to deliver to the Officer such Declaration, specifying how much of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco respectively, so intended to be laid down in 1 Snuff Work, is or are intended to be made into Rappee Snuff', how much thereof respectively into Scotch Snuff, and how much thereof respectively into Brown Scotch Snuff, or a Declaration specifying how much of such Tobacco Stalks are intended to be laid down for Tobacco Stalk Flour, according to the Di- regions of this Act, or having laid down or put into Cask any Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, in Manner herein-before in that Behalf directed, shall neglect or refuse to give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, such Notice in Writing of such Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour being so laid down or put into Cask, in Manner herein-before in that Behalf directed, or having laid down or put into Cask any such Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, and given such Notice, shall neglect or refuse to affix to any such Cask, such Ticket as is in that Behalf herein-before directed to be affixed, or to ssign the same with his,.

S - hccf

at also wY en the Snuff W< rk,&c. if laid d-wn in Calk,

and when ar»f Snuff W< ik.&c. i< :n ended to bt taken out of C?lk to fc ground.

Snuff Work of one Making not to be mixed with another Making, Manufacturer* beginning to liquor Tobacco, &c. without firing Notice, Src. to forfeit # 50k

6i8

C. 68

Manufadartrs

not liable to Penalty for not trariufaHuring Snuft' Work according to Dc-claiaitn, if it shall appear afterwards unfit for the Purpose, See,

Snuff Wo»kf Sec, taken out of Calk, to be mi* nufactured according to No tire, and w hen fimfhrd the Manufacturer to deliver to the Excite Officer a Declaration of the We;ghtof each Sort, Scc. on Penalty of

51,

Manufacturers

not liable to Pc nalty for n«>t delivetine the lad men i ned Deilara ion, (or S otch Snuff returned dire*Clljr item the Mill, if they i elivsr a Dec la a-.i n when the Lme is taken from the Ro 'm w here al owed to be dcpifiled.

Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

her, or their Name or Names, or shall lay down any Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, or shall take any Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, from or out of any such Calk, for the Purpose of grinding, without giving such Notice as is herein-before in such Case directed to be given, or shall take, for the Purpose of grinding, any Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, out of Cask, not in the Presence of the Officer under whose Survey he, fhet or th-y shall then be, or shall neglect or refuse to weigh, in the Presence of such Officer, any such Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, taken out of Cask, pursuant to any Notice given for taking Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, out of Cask, or shall neglect or refuse to affix to any such Cask, from or out of which any Snuff Work or Tobacco StJk for Tobacco Stalk Flour shall have been lu taken, such Ticket as is in that Behalf herein-before directed to be affixed, or to sign any such Ticket as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to cause any such Ticket, by this Act directed to be affixed as aforesaid, to be kept and continued on any such Cask to which the same shall be affixed, during all the Time that any Snuff* Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour shall remain therein, or shall lay together, put into the same Bin or Cask, or mix or mingle any Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour of one Making or Laying-down with Snuff Work or Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour of any other Making or Laying-down, all and every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum o( firty Pounds.

LXXXVIII. Provided always nevertheless. That no Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff shall incur or be liable to the said Penalty of fifty Pounds for or by reason of his, her, or their not manufacturing any Snuff" Work into Rappee Snuff', Scotch Snuff’, or Brown Scotch Snuff’, according to his, her, or taeir Declaration given in that Behalf, in case such Snuff’ Work shall, upon further Examination, after the Delivery of such Declaration, appear to be unfit to be so manufactured according to such Declaration; and Notice thereof in Writing, (pecifying the Weight of such Snuff Work, shall be given by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they (ha\J then be, within forty-eight Hours next after the Delivery of such Declaration, and in case such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall also within that Time in like Manner deliver to such Officer a fresh Declaration in respect thereof, specifying into which of the Sorts of Snuff next herein-before mentioned the same is to be manufactured, and shall also proceed without Delay of Interruption to manufacture the same, and finish the manufacturing thereof, according to such last mentioned Declaration; any Thii g herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Snuff shall with all due Diligence manufacture all Snuff Work, and Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, respectively, which shall at any Time be taken out of any such Cask, into Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, or Tobacco Stalk Flour, as the Case may require, according to the Notice hereinbefore in that Behalf directed; and when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff shall have finished the manufacturing of any Snuff Work into bnuff, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, when audio soon as any such Snuff shall be completely made, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weight of each of the said respective Sorts of Snuff made from such Snuff’ Work, and the Weight of the Tobacco Stalk Flour, if any, manufactured into the same respectively $ and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall keep such respective Sorts of Snuff separate and apart from each other, and separate and apart from all other Snuff, and from all Tobacco Stalk Flour, for and during the Space of twenty-four Hours from the Time when such Making shall be finished, or until the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall then be shall have taken an Account of the same; and if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff shall neglect or refuse to manufacture into Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, with all due Diligence, according to the Notice herein-before in that Behalf directed, any such Snuff Work, at any Time taken out of any such Cask, or if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall neglect or refuse to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, when and so soon as such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall fu>e finished the manufacturing of any Snuff Work into Snuff, a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Weight of each of the said respective Sorts of Snuff made from such Snuff’ Work, and the Weight of the Tobacco Stalk Flour, if any, manufactured into the same respectively, or shall neglect or refute to keep such respective Sorts of Snuff separate and apart from each other, and separate and apart from all other Snuff and Tobacco Sulk Flour respective] v, according to the Directions of tms Act, every inch Manufacturer or Manufacturers so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to make any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff liable to the said Penalty of frtv Pounds, for or by reason of his, her, or their not delivering, or causing or procuring to be delivered, such last mentioned Declaration for or in respect of any Scotch Snuff returned directly irom the Mill, where the same shall have been ground and deposited in such Room as is in chat Behalf herein after allowed, provided such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall, previous to and immediately on his, her, or their taking such Scotch Snuff from or out of such Room, deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, a Declaration in Writing, specifying the Wcigrj of such Scotch $nuff, and of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively manufactued into the same, and the Time when the same were laid down in Snuff Work; any Thi*tg herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

XCI. Provided always nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Snuff, athis, her, and their own Expence, to provide a proper, convenient, and secure Room for the Purpose of keeping dried Scotch Snuff therein, with good and sufficient Fastenings, such Room and Fastenings to be approved of in Writing, by and under the Hands of the respective Surveyors and Supervisors of Excise of the Division or District in which such Room shall be situate; and no such Room shall have more than one Door or Entrance into the same, nor shall there be any Communication whatsoever, save and except one Door, between such Room and any other Room or Place whatsoever; and such Room shall be locked up, sealed, and secured by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall from Time to Time be, at all Times when any Scotch Snuff shall be therein: And if such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall intend to have the Scotch Snuff ground from his, her, or their Snuff Work returned directly from the Mill where the same shall be ground, and deposited in such Room for any Space of Time not exceeding six Months, he, she, or they shall be at liberty so to do, on giving to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, six Hours Notice in Writing, if such Room shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if such Room

shall be situate in any City, or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town; and twenty-four flours

Notice in Writing, if such Room shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain, of such his, her, or their Intention; and such Officer shall attend pursuant to such Notice, and shall open such Room, and such Scotch Snuff shall then be immediately put into such Room in the Presence of such Officer, and shall remain therein for any Space of Time not exceeding six Months, without such Scotch Snuff being deemed or taken as a Part of his, her, or their Stock of Scotch Snuff, so as to deprive him, her, or them of any Part of the Credit by this Act allowed to him, her, or them, for or in ref'pedt of Scotch Snuff, any 'Filing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: And when any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall intend to take any Scotch Snuff horn or out of such Room, he, she, or they shall in like Manner give to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, six Hours Notice in Writing, if such Room shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in

London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh; twelve Hours Notice in Writing, if such Room

shall be situate in any City or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town j and twenty four Hours Notice in Writing, if such Room shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain \ of such his, her, or the*ir Intention; and such Officer shall attend pursuant to such Notice, and shall open such Room, and such Scotch Snuff shall then be immediately taktn from and out of fr.ch Room in the Presence of such Officer, and all and every such Manufacturer and Manufacturers shall keep all Scotch Snuff, of one Making, separate and apart from all Scotch Snuff of any other Making in such Room; and if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall neglect or refuse to keep any Scotch Snuffof one Making separate and apart from all Scotch Snuff of any other Making in such Room, all and every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff shall by any Means, Art, Device, or Contrivance whatsoever, open any Room so provided and approved as aforesaid, except in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise whose Business it may be to attend in order to open the same, then and in such Case such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall mix, or cause or procure to be mixed, any Fustick, Yellow Ebony, Touchwood, Logwood, Red or Guinea Wood, Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, Nicaragua Wood, Saunders Wood, or any other Sort of Wood, or any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants (other, than Tobacco), or any Earth, Clay, or Tobacco Sand, with any Snuff Work or Snuff, or shall make or colour, or cause or procure to be made or coloured, any Snuff Woik or Snuff with any Sort of Oaker, Umber, or any other Kind of Colouring (Water tinged with Colour only excepted); nor shall any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, fell, vend, utter, or offer or expose to Sale, or have in his, her, or their Premises entered for manufacturing or keeping Tobacco or Snuff, any Fustick, Yellow Ebony, Touchwood, Logwood, Red or Guinea Wood, Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, Nicaragua Wood, or Saunders Wood, or any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, or Sycamore Leaves; nor shall any Person or Persons whatsoever have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession any Fustick, Yellow Ebony, Touchwood, Logwood, Red or Guinea Wood, Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, Nicaragua Wood, Saunders Wood, or other Wood, or Walnut Free Leaves. Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, Plants, Earth, Clay, cr Tobacco Sand, mixed with any Snuff Work or Snuff, or any Snuff Work or Sr.uff made or coloured with any Sort of Oaker, Umber, or any other Kind of Colouring, except as aforesaid: And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall mix, or cause or procure to be mixed, any Fustick, Yellow Ebony, Touchwood, Logwood, Red or Guinea Wood, Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, A* icaragua Wood, Saunders Wood, or any other Sort of Wood, or any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or any other Leaves, Herbs, or Plants (other than Tobacco), or any Earth, Gayv or Tobacco Sand, with any Snuff Work or Snuff, or shall make or colour, or cause or procure to be made or coloured, any Snuff Work or Snuff, with any Sort or Oaker, Umber, or any other Kind of Colouring (Water tinged with Colour only excepted), the Person or Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum -of two hundred Pounds; or if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, shall fell, vend, utter, offer, or expose to Sale, or have in his, her. or their Premises entered for manufacturing or keeping Tobacco or Snuff, any Fustick,

619

Manufacturers may keep a Store Room for dried Scotch Snuff, under the Restrirflmna herein mentioned,

and may deprfit therein, for 6 Month*, Scotch Snuff directly from ibe Miil.

Regulation? for removing Sco’ch Snuffirom Store Rooms.

50I Penalty for not keeping in Store Rooms Scotch SnorTof one Making apart from erery other Makirg. Store Rooms not to be opened except in the Presence of the Excite Officer, on Penalty of 2 COl«

No Person to mix F u fl u k, Sec, wi:h Snuff Wuik, Sec,

Persons mixing FuPick, See, with Souff Work, or Snuff^ or colouring it with Oaker,&c. to forfeit aoo.

Manufacturers or Dealers felling or having in entered Premises Fustick, dec, and;

.6 20

owy PerfiMiliav-Ing to tkelr Pof-session Foflick, it. mixed with SsvflT Work or Souffy or Snuff coloured with Other, ftc, to forfeit 50l.

Seek Fo flick, dec. nuj be fused.

An AccnuDt to be kept of the Weight* of Spinish mix'd with Short Cut Tobacco, and of Tobacco Stalk Flour mixed with Snuff, Sec, 00 Penalty of

50U

Fresh Notice to be gives where the Matter specified is the first Notice it not begun uitbin-an Hour after the Time appointed. Perfost manufacturing Tobacco or Souff 10 unentered Placet to forfeit 30). over and above all other Penalties*

Excise Officers may convey loch Perfoaa before a Magistrate,

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Yellow Ebony, Touchwood, Logwood, Red or Guinea Wood, Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, Nicaragua Wood, or Saunders Wood, or any Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, or Sycamore Leaves; of if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Fustick, Yellow Ebony, Touchwood, Logwood, Red or Guinea Wood, Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, Nicaragua Wood, Saunders Wood, or other Wood, or Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, Plants, Earth, Clay, or Tobacco Sand, mixed with any Snuff Work or Snuff, or any Sort of Snuff made or coloured with any Sort of Oaker, Umber, or any other Kind of Colouring (except as aforesaid), such Person or Persons, Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and all such Fustick, Yellow Ebony, Touchwood, Logwood, Red or Guinea Wood, Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, Nicaragua Wood, Saunders Wood, or other Wood, Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, Sycamore Leaves, or other Leaves, Herbs, Plants, Earth, Clay, and Tobacco Sand, so mixed with Snuff Work or Snuff, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, and the Snuff wherewith the same shall be so mixed, and all Snuff Work and Snuff respectively which shall be made or coloured contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; and also all Fustick, Yellow Ebony, Touchwood, Logwood, Red or Guinea Wood, Braziletto or Jamaica Wood, Nicaragua Wood, or Saunders Wood, Walnut Tree Leaves, Hop Leaves, and Sycamore Leaves, which shall be fold, vended, uttered, offered, or exposed to Sale, by, or be in the entered Premises or in the Possession of, any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco shall mix any Spanish with Short Cut Tobacco, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall, every Day, enter into a Book, or on a Paper into or on which he, she, or they is or are herein after directed to enter an Account of the Quantities of the unmanufactured Tobacco by him, her, or them fold, sent out, or confurned, in Quantities of two Pounds Weight, or upwards, the Gross Weights of the Spanish and Short Cut Tobacco so mixed, and the Time when the same were lb mixed: And when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Snuff shall mix any Tobacco Stalk Flour with British Snuff or Foreign Snuff, or any British Rappee Snuff Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, the one with any other of them, or with any Kind of Foreign Snuff, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall, every Day, enter into a Book, or on a Paper, into or on which he, she, or they is or are herein after directed to enter an Account of the Quantities of Snuff by him, her, or them fold, sent out, or confurned, in Quantities of two Pounds Weight, or upwards, the Gross Weight of the Tobacco Stalk Flour, and the several Kinds and Gross Weights of British Snuff and Foreign Snuff so mixed, and the Time when such Tobacco Stalk Flour, British Snuff, or Foreign Snuff, or either of them, were so mixed: And if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Tobacco, having mixed any Spanish with Short Cut Tobacco, shall neglect or rrfiifc to enter into such Book, or on such Paper, in Manner herein-before in that Behalf directed, the Grots Weights of the Spanish and Short Cut Tobacco so mixed, and the Time when the same respectively were so mixed; or if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer in Dealers in Snuff, having mixed any Tobacco Stalk Flour with British Snuff or Foreign Snuff, or any British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff, the one with any other of them, or with any Kind of Foreign Snuff, shall neglect or refuse to enter into such Book, or on such Paper, in Manner herein-before in that Behalf directed, the Gross Weight of the Tobacco Stalk Flour, and the several Kinds and Gross Weights of the British Snuff and Foreign Snuff respectively so mixed, and the Time when such Tobacco Stalk Flour, British Snuff and Foreign Snuff, or either of them, were so mixed, all and every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Tobacco or Snuff so offending, shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, who is or are directed by this Act to give any Notice in Writing, shall not begin to do or perform the Matter or Thing specified in such Notice, at the Time specified in such Notice, or within one Hour next after the Time specified in such Notice, the same shall be void and of no Efiect, and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, and Dealer or Dealers, respectively, shall be liable to give a new and fresh Notice in Writing of the same, as if no Notice had been before given.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Officer or Officers of Excise shall discover that the manufacturing of Tobacco or Snuff is carried on in any House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or Place, whereof no Entry has been made at the Office of Excise as by this Act is directed, and shall at the same Time discover in such House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or Place, where such private manufacturing of Tobacco or Snuff shall be so discovered, any Person or Persons knowingly assisting or in any ways concerned in carrying on such private manufacturing of Tobacco or Snuff, every such Person or Persons so discovered shall forfeit the Sum of thirty Pounds, over and above ail Penalties and Forfeitures that the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Tobacco or Snuff shall be liable to;, and it shall be lawful for the Officer and Officers of Excise, and all other Persons acting in their Aid, to (top, arrest, and detain all and every the Person and Persons sex discovered in such House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or Place, and convey him, her, or them before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Person or Persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively* on Confession of the Party, or on Proof, by the Oath of one or more credible

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 621

Witness or Witnesses, to convict the Person and Persons so discovered as aforesaid; and each of the Person or Persons so convicted shall immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum of thirty Pounds into the Hands of the Officer who shall have conveyed such Person or Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner herein after directed and on any such Person refilling or neglecting to pay the said Sum of thirty Pounds, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid shall, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit him or her to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty, respectively, there to remain and be kept to bard Labour for the Space of six Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction j and no Person so committed shall be discharged until he or she shall have paid the said Sum of thirty Pounds, or until the Expiration of the said six Months; and in case any Person so convicted shall be again discovered in any House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or Place where the manufacturing of Tobacco or Snuff shall be so privately carried on, assisting or anyways concerned in carrying on such private Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff, the Person so again offending shall, upon the like Conviction, forfeit and pay for such second Offence the Sum of sixty Pounds, and in Default thereof shall be committed to the House of Correction,'in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the Term of one Year, or until the said Sum of sixty Pounds shall be paid.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, from Time to Time, and at all Times, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Eleven in the Evening, either with or without a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, or between the Hours of Eleven in the Evening and Five in the Morning, with a Constable or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Houses, Warehouses, Workhouses, Shops, Rooms, Cellars,

Vaults, and other Places belonging to or made use of by any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, and to take an Account of the Quantity and Quality of all the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Suuff Work, To- M bacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, which shall at a*y Time be in his, her, or their Custody or constabU, hut Possession. enter the House*

of Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff, and Dealer* therein, and take Stock.

who may commit them if the Penalty be not paid.

Any Person so offending a second Time to forfeit 60I,

Excise Officer*, between 5 in the Morning and 11 in the Evening, without a Constable, and between it in the Evening and 5 in the

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That in taking an Account of the Stock of all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Tobacco and Snuff', all and every such Manufacturer and Manufacturers shall have a Credit to the following Proportions; (that is to say,)

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco, which any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco shall manufacture for Short Cut Tobacco, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred Pounds Weight of Short Cut Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco so manufactured:

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco, which any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Shag Tobacco, he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and five Pounds Weight of Shag Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco so manufactured:

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks, which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Roll Tobacco, he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and fifteen Pounds Weight of Roll Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks so manufactured:

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks, which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Carrot Tobacco, he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight of Carrots, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco % and so in proportion for any greater or leis Quantity of such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks so manufactured:

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco Stalks, which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Spartish, he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred Pounds Weight of Spatiijo, and Returns; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco Stalks so manufactured:

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff shall manufacture for Rappee Snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and fifteen Pounds Weight of Rappee Snuff; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco so manufactured:

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks, which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Scotch Snuff, he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding eighty-five Pounds Weight of Scotch Snuff; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks so manufactured:

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks, which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Br6wn Scotch Snuff', he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight of Brown Scotch Snuff; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks so manufactured:

For every one hundred Pounds Weight of Tobacco Stalks, which such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall manufacture for Tobacco Stalk Flour, he, she, or they shall have a proper Credit, not exceeding ninety

In taking Stock the Manufacturer to be allowed the following Credits, Credits,

6*2 2

Any Excess* in Stock of the Credits, to be deemed a Quantity brought in without Permit*

If Scales and Weight* are n^t kept for the Use of the Excise Officer?, or if they are not permitted to we gh Tobacco^ &c. the Mrnu> faflurer or Dealer to forfeit look and 200l. if the Scales or Weights be fa lie, &c.

MannfaAurerl and Dealers to alTift the Officer! in taking Accounts, on Penalty of 50I,

Officers not to weigh Tobacco, &c. in Oper.ti or', rxc* pt Snuff Work lent out t r icceived by Permit,

Unmanufactor-ec Tobacco, Tobacco in Oj era-lion. and manufactured To-b&ccc, to be kept

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Pounds Weight of Tobacco Stalk Flour; and so in proportion for any greater or Ms Quantity of Tobacco

Stalks so manufactured.

And in case any Officer or Officers of Excise shall at any Time discover or find in the Stock of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff' any Quantity of Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco* Spanish, British> Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Returns of Tobacco, greater than the Credit herein-before in that Behalf allowed to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanish, British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Returns, respectively, so found in Excess, shall be deemed and taken to be brought into the House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Tlr.ce made use of by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, without giving Notice thereof to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall be, and without an authenuck Permit granted and given, according to the Directions of this Act.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights, at the Place or Places where he, she, or they shall and do keep), manufacture, ordeal in respectively any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, and also permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excite to use the same for the Purpose of weighing and taking an Account of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spani/hy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff* respectively, which shall at any Time be in the Possession of such Manufacturer and Manufacturers and Dealer and Dealers respectively: And if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall neglect to keep such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall in the weighing of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Sulk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjuff, or inefficient Scales or Weights, or shall practise any Act, Device, or Contrivance by which any such Officer or Officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the tuft and true Weight of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, then, and in every such Case, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds, together with all such falie, unjust, or inefficient Scales and Weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

C. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be thereunto required determined by the Officer or Officers of Excise tinder whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, and with a sufficient Number of his, her, or their Servants, aid, and alfilt to the utmost of his, her, or their Power, such Officer or Officers in taking an Account of all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, on Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect or Refuted thereof* the Sum of fifty Pounds.

CI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to weigh any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff Work, whilst actually in the Operation of Manufacture, save and except such Snuff Work as any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff shall intend to lend out or receive by Permit; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of Tobacco shall from Time to Time, and at all Times, keep all unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco in the State of O,*-ration, and manufactured Tobacco, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, separate and apart from each other, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of fifty Pounds*

separate on Penalty of 5c!.

Officer? to be CIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for all Officers of Excise, and all such

permitted to Officers are hereby authoris'd and empowered to take, at any Time or Times, a Sample or Samples of

T bscco P&c.° Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or

paying for the Snuff, from or out of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks* Stanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour,

fame, on Penalty Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in the Custody or Possession of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of,

t>f tool, fov or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, paying for the same (if demanded) the Value or usual Price

Rsfu£*l. thereof; and in case any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall refuse to permit

such Officer or Officers to take such Sample or Samples as aforesaid, upon his or their so paying for the same (if demanded), or shall any wife obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such Sample or Samples such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

M,nnla?ttrer* 01V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer lucp Account* an<* ^ea*ers *n Tobacco, shall from Time to Time keep an Account of all Tobacco and Tobacco Stalks

urtuh

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 623

the Manner herein preferred, in Books or Papers, which are to be fur-nidled by the Excise Office.

which he, she, or they respectively shall from Time to Time fell, send out, <y consume, according to of Tobacco, &c. the Denominations thereof herein after specified; (that is to lay,) unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco and Snuftf» Stalks, ShortCut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanish^ and Returns of Tobacco, and shall every Day enter into a Book, or on a Paper, to be kept for that Purpose, an Account of the Quantities of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco,

Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanift.!>, and Returns of Tobacco, winch (bail have been by him, her, or them fold, sent out, or consumed in the preceding Day, in Quantities of four Pounds Weight or upwards; and all and every Dealer and Dealers in Tobacco shall also every Day enter into another Book, or on another Paper, to be kept for that Purpose, by him, her, or them, an Account of the Quantities of the Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanish% and Returns of Tobacco, under the Weight of four Pounds, which shall have been by him, her, or them fold, sent out, or consumed in the preceding Day, in Quantities under four Pounds Weight: And that all and every Manufacturer and Manufacturers of, and Dealer and Dealers in Snuff, shall also, from Time to Time, keep an Account of all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, which he, she, or they respectively shall from Time to Time fell, send out, or consume, according to the Denominations thereof herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) unmanufactured Tobacco, unmanufactured Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work for Rappee Snuffj Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Foreign Snuff; and shall every Day enter into a Book, or on a Paper, to be kept by him, her, or them, an Account of the Quantities of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, Snuff' Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, British Rappee Snuf^ Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and foreign Snuff, which shall have been by him, her* or them (old, sent out, or consumed in the preceding Day, in Quantities of two Pounds Weight or upwards; and all and every Dealer and Dealers in Snuff shall also every Day enter into another Book, or on another Paper, to be kept for that Purpose by him, her, or them, an Account of the Quantities of the British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, and foreign Snuff, which shall have been by him, her, or them fold, sent out, or consumed, in the preceding Day, in Quantities under two Pounds Weight:

Which said Books or Papers respectively shall be prepared for tile making such Entries respectively as afore-f*id, and delivered upon Demand unto all such Manufacturers and Dealers respectively by the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or such Person or Persons as they the said Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them respectively, for the Time being, shall for that Purpose direct and appoint.

CV. Provided always, That no such Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, shall have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession more than one such Book or Paper of each Sort at a Time; and the said Books or Papers shall, in case the entered Premises of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, to whom the same shall be delivered, shall be situate within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or within the Limits of the City of Edinburgh, or in any City or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Town, be severally returned at the End of every six Weeks; and in case the entered Premises of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall be situate in any other Part of Great Britain, be severally returned at the End of every six Months, or when the same respectively shall be filled up, which shall hrft happen, to the proper Officers of Excile in that Behalf for the Time being; and the Truth of the Entries made therein shall then be verified upon the Oath of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, who kept the same, and made the Entries therein, according to the bell of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief; and when and (o soon as any such Book or Books, Paper or Papers, shall be filled up, or sooner if the proper Officer of Excile in that Behalf shall demand the same, such Book or Books, or Paper or Papers respectively shall be returned to the proper Officer of Excise in that Behalf for the Time being, and the Truth of the Entries made therein shall then be verified upon the Oath in Manner aforesaid (which Oaths such respective Officers are hereby authorised to administer), and one or more new Book or Books, or Paper or Papers, shall be delivered to such respective Manufacturers and Dealers, upon any such Book or Books, or Paper or Papers, being so filled up or returned, in the Room of such Book or Books, or Paper or Papers, so filled up or returned, and so toties quoties, as often as such Book or Books, or Paper or Papers shall be so filled up or returned; which said Books or Papers respectively so kept by such respective Manufacturers and Dealers, shall from Time to Time lie open for the Perusal and Inspection of the Officer and Officers of Excise under whofie Survey such relpechve Manufacturers and Dealers shall then be; and that all and every such Manufacturer and Manufacturers, and Dealer and Dealers, reflectively, shall, immediately upon every Request of the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey such respective Manufacturers and Dealers shall then be, fill up such Book and Books, and Paper and Papers respectively, with the Quantities by them fold, sent out, and consumed in each Day, and up to the Time of such Request being lo made: And if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall neglect or rtfufe to keep any such Book or Books, or Paper or Papers, respectively, or to make such Entries therein, or to permit the Officer or Officers of Excise, under whose Survey such respective Manufacturers and Dealers shall be, to peruse or inspect the lam., or any or either of them, or no: return such Book or Books, or Paper or Papers, or any or either of them, or not fill up such Book or Books, or Paper or Papers, or any or either of them, on Request as aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, or shall make any falle Entry therein, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

No Manufacturer or Dealer to have more than one such Book or Paper at the farr.e Time, w»h cb are to be returned to the Officer as herein directed, and verified on Oath.

Such Books of Paper# to lie oprn fur the Inspection of the Officer, and to be filled up at his Request.

loci. Penalty for Negl'd! in krepint: such Books, &c.

624 C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Any unfair CVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall discover or find any Excef* in Stock Increase not legally accounted for in the Stock or Stocks of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, ina Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanish* Returns of Tobacco,

the Manufac/ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work for Rappe? Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, ttner or Dealer. Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, Tobacco Stalk Flour, British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff’, or foreign Snuff* of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, over and above the Quantity of each respective Sort or Denomination which the Officer of Excise found in such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers Custody at the Time of the last preceding Survey, upon such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, such Increase shall be deemed and taken to be made by a Commodity for which no Duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, without Permit, and so much of the said respective Stock or Stocks as shall be found increased shall be forfeited; and a Quantity, equal to the increased Quantity, shall and may be seized and taken by any Officer or Officers of Excise, from or out of any Part of the unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, Carrot Tobacco, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks far Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, Snuff Work far Brown Scotch Snuff’, Tobacco Stalk Flohr, British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, Brown Scotch Snuff, or foreign Snuff, as the Case may require, then in the Custody or Possession of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, in whose Stock or Stocks such Increase shall be discovered or found; and

such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, in whose Stock such Increase shall be discovered or found, shall also forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

Scotch Snuff, \n CVII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That where any Scotch Snuff shall, from u e Custody of the Coiffure of the Air, have gained and acquired, in the Custody and Possession of the Manufacturer or or of VeaUrt"* Manufacturers thereof, any Increase of Weight, not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds Weight in the not having* Hundred, over and above the Credit herein-before allowed to such Manufacturer or Manufacturers far or gained more in respect of such Scotch Snuff, such Scotch Snuff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair Commodity, and thao 51b. in the such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall be allowed Credit for the same in Stock, and also to remove the

m°*a‘ by fhK Tame by Permit, notwithstanding such Increase of Weight; and also where any Scotch Snaff shall, from the

Air*, tX 1 Moisture of the Air, have gained and acquired, in the Custody or Possession of the Dealer or Dealers in deemed a fair Snuff, who first purchased and received the same by Permit from the Manufacturer thereof, any Increase or Commodity i Weight not exceeding the Rate of five Pounds Weight in the Hundred, over and above the Weight specified in such Permit, such Scotch Snuff shall be deemed and taken to be a fair Commodity, and such Dealer or Dealers shall be allowed Credit for the same in Stock, and also to remove the same by Permit, notwithstanding such Increase of Weight; any Thing in this ACT contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

which Snuff i. C

VIII. And to prevent any such Allowance from being made, over and above what is granted by this rare from^1" ProviT°» be it further enacted, That all and every such Manufacturer and Manufacturers, and Dealer and other Snuff, and Dealers, shall keep all such Scotch Snuff, on which any such Allowance shall be made, separate and apart

shewn to the from all other Snuff in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, and shall from Time to Time shew the

Officer, dec. on same to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall be, upon Demand, and declare at penalty of aol. ^at Time or Times any such Allowance shall have been made to him, her, or them, in respect of such Snuff, and the Amount of such Allowance, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Ne-gleet or Refusal thereof.

Mafiofadorert

CIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff remoting To- shall remove, or cause to be removed, any Tobacco or Snuff from or out of his, her, or their entered bacco or Snuff Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, before the same has been weighed before weighing, an(j ^ken an Account of by the Officer or Officers of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall be, to forfeit 50L according to the Directions of this Act, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden

5 or concealed, any Tobacco or Snuff from the Sight and View of such Officer or Officers, (iich Ma-

nufacturer or Manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfait the Sum of fifty Pounds.

No Tobacco CX. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco (not being Returns of Tobacco) of four Pounds &c. of the 9 Weight or upwards, nor any Snuff of two Pounds Weight or upwards, nor any Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Weight herein Returns of Tobacco? Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalk Flour, specified to be exceeding the Quantity of two hundred Pounds Weight, shall be removed or carried from any one Part of

[TOam this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, by Land or by Water, without being accompanied with a proper

other Part of "iie Permit from Tome or one of the Officers of Excise, granted according to the Directions of this Act^on Piin Kingdom with- of forfeiting the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco out a Permit, Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, which shall be found removing or on Penalty of carrying, or removed or carried from any one Part of this Kingaom to any other Pait thereof, without such Forfeiture, &c. permj^ together with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, and the Horses- Cattle, Boats, Barges, and Carriages used in such Removal or Carriage thereof, and the same respectively mall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

Officer on Re-

CXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Deafer or qutft to give t Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, duly licensed according to the Directions of this Act, shall have Occasion 10 Permit for the remove any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Removal of To- Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff’, from any such his, her, or their entered House, Warehouse, Workhouse, cco, c. Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, the Officer or Officers of Excise of the Division or Place

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 625

where such entered House, Warehouse, Workhouse* Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, shall be situate, shall, without Fee or Reward, from Time to Time, upon a Request Note being made and delivered according to the Directions of this Act, by such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, grant and give a Permit in Writing, signed by the said jefoedive Officer or Officers, expressing the Weight of all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stiles, S'tanijhy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, 10 to be removed, distinguishing in such Permit such Tobacco,

Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Mour, and Snuff, from each other, and also distinguishing the different Kinds of Tobacco, Snuff Work, and Snuff respectively from each other, according to the Denominations thereof specified in the Request Note, according to the Directions of this Act, and expressing the Name or Names of the Person or Persons from whom the same is intended to be removed, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which, the same is or are intended to be removed, and whether the same is or are intended to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance the same is or are intended to be sent 5 and all Officers of Excise granting or giving such Permits shall limit and express in such Permits respectively Permits to limit the Time within which such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, the-Tim« for Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, in such Permits respectively mentioned, shall be removed Rem0f"* from and out of the Stock of the Person or Persons taking out such Permits, and also the Time within which the same shall be delivered and received into the Houses, Warehouses, Workhouses, Shops, Rooms,

Cellars, Vaults, or other Places of the Person or Persons respectively to whom the same is so permitted to be sent.

CXII. And it is further enacted, That in case any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks If Tobacco, for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco stalk Flour, or Snuff, mentioned or specified in any be not desire «d such Permit, shall be removed or sent away from and out of the House, Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop,

Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place of the Person or Persons to whom any such Permit shall be granted, kerned *1 within the Time expressed and limited in such Permit, and such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, To- removed wim-bacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall not within the out Permit. Time limited and expressed in such Permit be actually delivered and received into the House, Warehouse,

Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place of the Person or Persons to whom the same is by such Permit authorised to be sent, then and in every such Case all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish,

Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, so removed or sent away as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, removed without*

Permit.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Permit for the Removal of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Permiti not to Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be valid uniefi granted or be valid unless the Manufactureer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or *JcRe9ucft Snuff, requiring the feme, shall make and fend, or deliver to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, by Manuf«auier* this Act authorised to grant such Permit, a Request Note in Writing, specifying his, her, or their own or Dealers con* Name or Names, and 5fo the Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which, tain the Parti, such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, To- culars herein bacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff respectively, is or are intended to be removed, the Weight of all such Tobacco, ®entioned« Tobacco Stalk, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively intended to be removed, and for the Removal of which such Permit is required, and also the Number of the Casks or other Packages containing such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, f

Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, and whether the same respectively are or is intended to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance the same respectively are or is intended to be removed; and if it be manufactured Tobacco which is intended to be removed, whether the same is Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco? Carrot Tobacco, or Returns of Tobacco; and if it be Snuff intended to be removed, whether the same is British Snuff or foreign Snuff, or British Snuff and foreign Snuff mixed together; and if th* feme be British Snuff, whether the same is British Rappee Snuff, Scotch Snuff, or Brown Scotch Snuff} and if the same be foreign Snuff, the Name by which the same is most commonly called and known} and if the same be British Snuff and foreign Snuff mixed together, of what Sorts of Snuff such Mixture consists, and the Weights of each such sorts respectively; and if it be unmanufactured Tobacco which is intended to be removed from the Premises of any Manufactureer or Manufacturers of Tobacco to any Mill, for the Purpose of being cur, the Purpose for which the same is so intended to be removed; and if it be for the Removal of any Cut Tobacco, cut by any Cutter or Cutters of Tobacco for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, or Returns of such Cut Tobacco, which is or are intended to be Temoved from the Mill where such Cut Tobacco shall have been so cut, back to the Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco from whence the unmanufactured Tobacco cut into such Cut Tobacco, shall have been sent to such Mill for the Purpose aforesaid, that such Cut Tobacco or Returns is or are Cut Tobacco, and Returns of such Cut Tobacco, returned by the Cutter to the Tobacco Ma-nufadurer, and the Weight of such Cut Tobacco and Returns respectively, and also the Weight of the entire Quantity of the unmanufactured Tobacco frorfi whence the same arose, and the Time when such u:imanu?adured Tobacco was received at such cutting Mill to be cut; and if they are Tobacco Stalks for Spanift), which are intended to be removed from the Premises of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, to any Mill, for the Purpose of being manufactured into Spanish, the Purpose for which the same are <b intended to be removed; and if it be for the Removal of any Spanish, manufactured by any Stanish

utter

626

Permits for Removal of Tobacco, &c. to correspond in all Particulars with the Request Note, or the Tobacco, &c. may be seized with the Casks, &c.$

and if any Action be brought for the Recovery there* of, the Proof stall lie on the Owner, by the Oaths of two skilful Persons.

Permits not to be valid for the Removal of un-manufactured Tobacco hem one Part to another of the Kingdom; ror of Cut Tobacco, Tobacco Sulks,

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Cutter or Spanish Cutters for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, or Returns of such Spanish, which is or are intended to be removed from the Mill where such Spanish shall have been so manufactured, back to the Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, from whence the Tobacco Stalks manufactured into such Spanish shall have been sent to such Mill, for the Purpose in that Behalf aforesaid, that such Spanish or Returns is or are Spanish, and Returns of such Spanish, returned by the Spanish Cutter to the Tobacco Manufacturer, and the Weights of such Spanish and Returns respectively, and dkfo the Weight of the entire Quantity of the Tobacco Stalks from whence the same arose, and the Time when such Tobacco Stalks were received at such Mill to be manufactured into Spanish; and if they are Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, which are intended to be removed from the rremife of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff to any Snuff Mill, for the Purpose of being ground into Tobacco Stalk Flour, the said Purpose for which the same are so intended to be removed, the Time when the Tobacco Stalks were laid down for such Tobacco Stalk Flour, and the Quantity of Tobacco Stalks so laid down; and if it be for the Removal of any Tobacco Stalk Flour ground by any Snuff Miller or Snuff Millers for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, from the Mill where the same fell have been ground, back to the Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff from whence the Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour ground into such Tobacco Stalk Flour shall have been lent to such Mill for the Purpose in that Behalf aforesaid, that such Tobacco Stalk Flour is Tobacco Stalk Flour returned by the Snuff Miller to the Snuff Manufacturer, and the Weight of such Tobacco Stalk Flour, and also of the entire Quantity of Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, from whence the same was ground, and also the Time when such Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour were received at such Mill to be ground; and if it be Snuff Work which is intended to be removed from the Premises of any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, to any Mill for the Purpose of being ground into Snuff, the said Purpose for which the same is so intended to be removed, the Time when such Snuff Work was laid down, and whether such Snuff Work is Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, or Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff, and the Quantities of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, and Returns of Tobacco, respectively laid down in each such Kind of Snuff Work; and if it be for the Removal of any Snuff ground by any Snuff Miller or Snuff Millers for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, from the Mill where the same shall have been ground, back to the Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff from whence the Snuff Work ground into such Snuff shall have been sent to such Mill for the Purpose in that Behalf aforesaid, that such Snuff is Snuff returned by the Snuff Miller to the Snuff Manufacturer, the Weight of such Snuff, and also of the entire Quantity of Snuff Work for Rappee Snuff, Snuff Work for Scotch Snuff, or Snuff Work for Brown Scotch Snuff respectively, from whence such Snuff was ground, and the Time when such Snuff Work was received at such Mill to be ground; and every Permit which shall be granted for the Removal of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuffy shall be made to correspond in respect to the Particulars aforesaid, with the Request Note whereon the same shall be granted; and all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, which shall be removed contrary to any Permit granted on any such Request Note, or which shall be removed or carried under a Description not conformable to this ActF, or under a false Description, together with the Casks or other Packages containing the same, and the Horses, Cattle, Carts, Boats, Barges, and other Carriages used in the Removal or Carriage thereof, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise; and if any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanifoy Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff* WTork, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, removed under Colour of any Permit, shall be seized by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, against any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or any Person acting in his or their Assistance for such Seizure of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, the Proof of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, being such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, as is or are mentioned in such Permit (although such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Woik, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall appear to have been kept in the Officer’s Books or Account of the Stock from whence such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff*, was or were removed, by the Denomination specified in such Permit), shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses, being fkiliul and experienced Persons competent to decide by inspection and Examination thereof.

CXIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Permit shall be granted or be valid for the Removal of any unmanufactured Tobacco (other than Samples delivered out of the Ware-house in Manner herein-before mentioned) from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, except in the same Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case in which the same was cleared and delivered from and out of the Warehouse in which the same was deposited, lodged, and secured,* according to the Directions of this A<5f, with the same Marks and Numbers which were on such Hogshead, Calk, Chest, or Case, at the Time of such Clearance and Delivery; nor for the Removal of any unmanufactured Tobacco (other than such Samples) after the same has been previously twice removed, (that is to fey) once from the

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 627

Warehouse in which the same shall have been deposited, lodged, and secured according to the Directions &c. ^ut under of this Act, and once more from the Stock of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers or Dealer or Dealers Regulation* in Tobacco, to whom the same shall be permitted, directly from such Warehouse to the Stock of feme P*rUcu*

other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco; nor for the Removal of any Cut Tobacco, cut by any Cutter or Cutters of Tobacco for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, from the Mill where the same shall have been so cut to any other Place, except back to the Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco from whence the unmanufactured Tobacco cut into such Cut Tobacco shall have been permitted and sent td such Cutting Mill for the Purpose of being so cut, or in any Quantity except the entire Quantity of Cut Tobacco cut from the whole Quantity of such unmanufactured Tobacco, so permitted and lent to such Cutting Mill for the Purpose of being lo cut, or without the whole of the Returns arising therefrom accompanying the same, or with any other Process or Operation, except the pressing and cutting thereof, having been performed thereon; nor for the Removal of afay Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ or Tobacco Stalk Flour, from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, in the Quantity of two hundred Pounds Weight, or under, of Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ or Tobacco Stalk Flour, respectively; nor for the Removal of any Spanish manufactured by any Spanish Cutter or Spanish Cutters for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, from the Mill where the same shall have been so manufactured to any other Place, except back to the Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco from whence the Tobacco Stalks manufactured into such Spani/fj shall have been permitted and sent to such Mill for the Purpose of being manufactured into Spanish, nor in any Quantity, except the entire Quantity of Spanish manufactured from the whole Quantity of such Tobacco Stalks received by such Spanish Cutter or Spanish) Cutters for the Purpose of being so manufactured, or without the whole of the Returns arising therefrom accompanying the same; nor for the Removal of any Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff, ground by any Snuff Miller or Snuff Millers for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, from the Mill where the same respectively shall have been so ground to any other Place, except back to the Premises of such other Manufacturer or Manufacturers, from whence the Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff Work, ground into such Tobacco Stalk Flourjor Snuff, shall have been permitted and sent to such Mill, nor in any Quantity less than two hundred Pounds Weight, or the entire Quantity of Tobacco Stalk Flour and Snuff respectively ground from the whole Quantity of such Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour and Snuff Work respectively, received by such Snuff Miller or Snuff Millers for the Purpose of being ground into Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff respectively, or with any other Process or Operation, except the grinding thereof respectively, having been performed thereon respectively: And if any unmanufactured Tobacco other than such Samples as afore- and if Tobacco, said, shall be removed or carried, by Land or by Water, from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part &c. be «o»eJ thereof, except in the same Hogshead, Caflc, Chest, or Case in which the same was cleared and delivered contrary hereto, as aforesaid, with the same Marks and Numbers as aforesaid thereon (whether a Permit shall or shall not have been granted for such Removal thereof ); or if any unmanufactured Tobacco, after the same has been ►ejds&c. by* previously twice removed as aforesaid, shall be again removed or carried, by Land or by Water, from any any Officer of Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof (whether a Permit shall or shall not have been, granted for Customior such Removal thereof); or if any Cut Tobacco, cut by any Cutter or Cutters of Tobacco for any other Excise* Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, shall be removed or carried, by Land or by Water, from the Mill where the same shall have been so cut to any other Place, except back to the Premises of such other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, from whence the unmanufactured Tobacco cut into such Cut Tobacco shall have been permitted and sent to such Mill for the Purpose of being so cut, or in any Quantity, except the entire Quantity of Cut Tobacco cut from the whole Quantity of such unmanufactured Tobacco so permitted and sent to such Mill for the Purpose of being so cut, or without the whole of the Returns arising therefrom accompanying the same, or with any other Process or Operation, except the pressing and cutting thereof, having been performed thereon (whether a Permit shall or shall not have been granted for such Removal thereof); or if any Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ or Tobacco Stalk Flour, shall be removed or carried, by Land or by Water, from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, in the Quantity of two hundred Pounds Weight or under (whether a Permit shall or shall not have been granted for such Removal thereof); or if any Spanish, manufactured by any Spanish Cutter or Spanish Cutters for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, shall be removed or carried, by Land or by Water, from the Mill where the same shall have been so manufactured to any other Place, except back to the Premises of the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco from whence the Tobacco Stalks manufactured into such Spanish shall have been permitted and sent to such Mill, for the Purpose of being manufactured into Spanish, or in any Quantity, except: the entire Quantity of Spanish manufactured from the whole Quantity of such Tobacco Stalks received by such Spanifl) Cutter or Spanish Cutters for the Purpose of being so manufactured, or without the whole of the Returns arising therefrom accompanying the same (whether a Permit shall or shall not have been granted for such Removal thereof); or if any Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, ground by any Snuff Miller or Snuff Millers for any other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, shall be removed or carried, by Land or by Water, from the Mill where the same shall have been so ground to any other Place, except back to the Premises of such other Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff from whence the Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff Work respectively, ground into such Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff respectively, shall have been permitted and sent to such Mill, for the Purpose of being so ground, or in any Quantity less than two hundred Pounds Weight, or the entire Quantity of Tobacco Stalk Flour and Snuff respectively ground from the whole Quantity of such Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff Work respectively, received by such Snuff Miller or Snuff Millers for the Purpose of being so ground into Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff respectively, or with any other

6*8 C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Process or Operation, except the mere grinding thereof, respectively, having been performed thereon respectively (whether a Permit (hah or shall not have been granted for such Removal thereof); all such unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalls, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and other Packages, containing the same respectively, and the Horses, Cattle, Boats, Barges, and Carriages used in such Removal or Carriage thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cudoms or Excise.

MinnfaAtfreri

CXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed r*c o or to extend» to prevent any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco or Snuff from (loving or finishing if Tobacco, or drying Snuff Work, at any Cutting Mill or Snuff Mill, provided that the proper Officer or the Officer take Officers of Excise mall have Liberty, and be allowed to weigh and take an Account of such Tobacco or n Account of Snuff Work, after such Tobacco shall have been (loved or finished, or such Snuff Work shall have been the same. dried: And provided also. That such Manufacturer or Manufacturers shall not be entitled to or receive a Permits not to Permit or Permits for the Removal of any greater Quantity of manufactured Tobacco or Snuff, than the befarm^ethan Weight of such Tobacco or Snuff Work respectively, after such Tobacco shall have been so ftoved or after the To- finished, or such Snuff Work shall have been so dried.

bacco is fi.ti&e*, and the Snuff Work dried.

If Tobacco, &c. be no* removed ag eeible to Permit*, they must be returned before the Expiration of the Time limited for Removal, on Penalty of Treble the Value of the Tobacco,

*c.

and If not so returned, and 00 taking Stock a Decrease does not appear to anfaer the Con* tents of the Permits, a like Quaoti:y may be foiled.

Manufacturers, unless iernfed as Dealers, not to tend out naap«v

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Permit or Permits shall be granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise to any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers im Tobacco or Snuff, for the Removal of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, from one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, and if within the Time limited by such Permit or Permits respectively for that Purpose, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, to or for whom such Permit or Permits shall be so granted, shall not either actually and really fend away all the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, by such Permit or Permits authorised to be sent away, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of such Permit or Permits, or in default of so fending away such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco btanc Hour, and Snuff, shall not before the Expiration of the Time limited in and by such Permit and Permits respectively for the Removal of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Sfanijhy Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, or Snuff, from and out of the Stock of the Person or Persons taking out such Permit or Permit return such Permit and Permits to the Officer or Officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective Case and cases, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, to whom such Permit or Permits, or for whose Use such Permit or Permits shall have been granted, shall, for all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff reflectively, mentioned in such Permit or Permits, and not removed according to the Purport thereof, forfeit Treble the Value of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Sfanijby Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, to be estimated according to the bed and highed Rate or Price which Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, of the bed Quality of that Kind, shall be worth in London at the Time when such Forfeitures shall be incurred; and if such Permit or Permits shall not be so returned as aforesaid, and in case in taking ah Account, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the Stock of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff remaining in the Stock of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, from or out of whose Stock the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, mentioned in such Permit or Permits, shall be thereby authorised to be removed, there shall not appear a sufficient Decrease to answer the Removal of the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff respectively, mentioned in such Permit or Permits respectively, then and in such Case the respective Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, from or out of whose Stock such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff respectively, mentioned in such Permit or Permits, shall be authorised to be removed, shall forfeit the like Quantities of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff* Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, and Snuff respectively, lo permitted to be removed, and not removed, according to such Permission, to be f ized and taken by the Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, out of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, of the Denomination given in such Permit or Permits to the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for "Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, so authorised to be removed, and then in the Cudody or Possession of such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, forfeiting the same.

CXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, not being also a Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco, duly licensed as such according to the Directions o( this Act,:shall be entitled to any Permit for, or shall tell or send out any manufactured Tobacco, Spanish,

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 629

or Returns of Tobacco, less in Quantity than four Pounds Weight; nor shall any Manufacturer or

fa^uitd T«-

Manufacturers of Snuff, not being also a Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, duly licensed as such according to the Directions of this Act, bc entitled to any Permit for, or fTiall (ell or send out any Snuff less in Quantity than h«tc-

two Pounds Weight; and if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco, not being also a Dealer in specified, on or Dealers in Tobacco, duly licensed as such as aforesaid, shall fell or send out any manufactured To- Penalty of *oU bacco, SjaniJZ>, or Returns of Tobacco, less in Quantity than four Pounds Weight; or if any such Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff, not being also a Dealer or Dealers in Snuff, duly licensed as such as aforesaid, shall fell or (end out any Snuff less in Quantity than two Pounds Weight; every such Manufacturer or Manufacturers so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for No Tobacco, &c. Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be brought into any House, to be brought Warehouse, Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, made use of by any Manufacturer info *fny or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, without first giving Notice thereof to ureror10U-the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, oe^u£* without shall then be, and without an authentick Permit granted and given according to the Directions of this Permit, on Act, being produced to and left with the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Manufacturer or Ma- Penalty ofit* nufacturers or Dealer or Dealers, shall then be, on Pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, F.orfi, fire* Spunishy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, TrrbleUt so brought in without such Notice, or without such Permit, together with the Cafksand other Packages Value ih» containing the same; and such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Tobacco, Ac* Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, together with the Casks or other Packages containing the feme, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, into whose House, Warehouse,

Workhouse, Shop, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish,

Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour? or Snuff, shall be so brought, shall forfeit Treble the Value of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, respectively, to be estimated according to the belt and highest Price which Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish% Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be worth or shall fell for in London at the Time when such Forfeiture shall be incurred.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall at any Time (feve as herein- fom P|act after is mentioned) be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom, not being within the Limits of without tfa* the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, to any Place within the said Limit* of tho Limits; nor shall any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff {?ia# °LM.£ISi* Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff (feve as herein after is mentioned) be removed or carried from any ofict i«

Part of this Kingdom, not within the Limits of either of the Ports first herein-before enumerated, to any don, to toy Place within the Limits of either of the Ports first herein-before enumerated, or within two Miles thereof; Place within and if any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, those Limits Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, whether with or without Permit, the feme, together with the Hogsheads,

Calks, Cherts; and Packages respectively containing the same, and also the Vessels and Boats, and the the Ports h:*t« Horses and other Cattle, Carts, or other Carriages employed in removing the feme, shall be forfeited, and inbefcre env-may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise. meraud, to any Place within, dr

within two Miles of those Limits, on Penalty of Forfeiture, with the Casks, &c. )

CXX. Provided always, That no Spanish* which shall have been manufactured by any Spanish Cutter but not to ex-from Tobacco Stalks received by him, accompanied with a legal Permit, from any other Manufacturer l^vef*%

of Tobacco, for the Purpose only of manufacturing the same into Spanish, for or on Account of such other A*des ° Manufacturer, nor of any Cut Tobacco, which shall have been cut by any Cutter of Tobacco from To* herein specificfc bacco received by him, accompanied with a legal Permit, from any other Manufacturer of Tobacco, for the Purpose only of cutting the same for or on Account of such other Manufacturer, nor any Tobacco Stalk Flour which shall have been ground by any Snuff Miller from Tobacco Stalks received by him, accompanied with a legal Permit, from any other Manufacturer of Snuff for the Purpose only of grinding into Tobacco Stalk Flour, for or on Account of such other Manufacturer of Snuff, nor any Snuff which shall have been ground by any Snuff Miller from any Snuff Work received by him, accompanied with a legal Permit, from any other Manufacturer of Snuff, for the Purpose only of grinding the same into Snuff', for or on Account of such other Manufacturer, nor any Hogshead, Calk, Chert, or Package, containing any such Spanish, Cut Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, or the Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, or other Carriage employed in removing the same, shall be forfeited for or by reason of the Return of any such Spanish% Cut Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, by any such Spanish Cutter or Snuff Miller, from his entered Mil! situate at any Part of this Kingdom, not within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or from any Part of this Kingdom not within the Limits of either of the Ports fuss herein-before enumerated, to the entered Premises of the Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff from whence such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff Work respectively, were or was received for the Purpose in that Behalf aforesaid, situate at any Place within the Limits of the Weekly fyils of Mortality, or of the Chief Office of Excise in London, or at any Place within the Limits of

630

r of Snuff for Sale by the Manufacturer*

Manufacturer! or Dealers may return Tobacco or Snuff received into then Stock, to the Persons from whom they receivec it, under the Regulation! herein Specified;

but if found returned or re* turning, without Permit, &c, nay be feistd, and the Party to fttfeit 50I*

If 4lb. of To-

bacco or upwards, or lib. of Sntff or upwards, or any Tobacco Stalk'* &c. be found removing from One Part of the Kingdom to another Part, except at the Times herein specified, to be forfeited with the Cs/k, &c.

If any Person without a Permit, or if any Hawker with a Permit, shall offer any Tobacco, dec for Sale, he shall forfeit if, with the Packager, and also atul.

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

either of the said Ports, or within two Miles thereof, provided that such Spanifbt Cut Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be so returned, accompanied with a Permit, according to the Directions of this Act; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXXI. Provided also, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed of extend, to make it unlawful for any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Snuff to fend for Sale, by Permit granted according to the Directions of this Act, any Snuff manufactured by him, her, or them, from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Manufacturer or Manufacturers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco or Snuff, who shall have received into his, her, or their Stock any Tobacco or Snuff-removed according to the Directions of this Act, accompanied with a legal Permit, shall fee Cause to return the same to the Person or Persons from whom he, she, or they received the same, then and in every such Case such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall be at liberty within forty-eight Hours after he, she, or they shall have received the same Tobacco or Snuff into his, her* or their Stock, to give twelve Hours Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, she, or they shall then be, of his, her, or their Intention to return fucri Tobacco or Snuff, and shall in such Notice express the true Cause and Occasion for returning the same; and such Officer shall, and is hereby required to attend and examine such Tobacco or Snuff; and when and so soon as such Officer shall have examined the same, and taken an Account of the Quantity and Quality thereof, such Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Dealer or Dealers, shall forthwith, in the Prest nee of such Officer, repack such Tobacco or Snuff, and shall immediately, or within Half an Hour asser the coming of the said Officer, and in the Presence of the said Officer, write on the Outside of the Package in which the Tobacco or Snuff so intended to be returned shall be, in large legible Characters, as well his, her, or their own Christian and Surname, or the known Name of his, her, or their Firm, as also the Christian and Surname of the Person or Persons, or the known Name of the Firm or Company from whose Stock the same Tobacco or Snuff was received, and likewise the Words, Returned Tobacco, or Snnffy as the Case may require 5 and such Officer shall thereupon underwrite on the Package his own Christian and Surname, and mark the said Package with feme Mark or Number; and then, and not before, the proper Officer of Excise shall grant a Permit to accompany such Tobacco or Snuff so to be returned, in which Permit shall be expressed the Quantity and Quality of the Tobacco or Snuff so to be returned, the Cause and Occasion of returning the same, the Mark or Number put on the Package, the Christian and Surnames both of the Person or Persons from whose Stock such Tobacco or Snuff is removed, and of the Person or Persons to whom the same is to be returned, and also the Time for which such Permit shall be in force; and if any such Tobacco or Snuff be found returned, or in Part returned or returning, without such Permit as aforesaid accompanying the feme, or if such Tobacco or Snuff be found returned, or in Part returned or returning, to any other Person or Persons than the Person or Persons from whom such Tobacco or Snuff had been first received, or if the Tobacco or Snuff returned, or in Part returned or returning, with such Permit as aforesaid, be not the identical Tobacco or Snuff which had been received as aforesaid without any Addition to Subtraction from, or Alteration of the same, then, and in each and every such Case, such Tobacco or Snuff, with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages whatsoever containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and the Person or Persons returning the same, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Proviso, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Tobacco of four Pounds Weight, or upwards, or any Snuff of two Pounds Weight, or upwards, or any Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Sulks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, or Tobacco Stalk Flour, shall be found removing or carrying from any one Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, unless at such Times as herein after mentioned, (that is to say) from the twenty-ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March yearly, between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the Evening, and from the twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Seven in the Evening (except the same is removing or carrying by a known Common Stage Coach, Waggon, or other Suge Carriage, which usually travel out of those Hours, or by Water, by a Ship, Vessel, or Boat, usually navigated, in the fair Course of Trade, out of those Hours), all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Sparnfa. Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages containing the same (whether the same be accompanied with a Permit or not), and all Boats, Carts, Carriages, Horses,.and Cattle, made use of in the removing or carrying the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall offer any. Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, to sale, not having a Permit for the same, or if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty. Chapman, or any other trading Person or Persons, going from Town to Town, or to other Men’s Houses, and trading either on Foot or with any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, or otherwise, shall offer any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, to sale, although such Hawker, Pedlar, or trading Person or Persons, shall have a Permit for the same, such Person or Persons, Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person or Persons shall forfeit all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, together with the Packages containing, thp same respectively, and a>0

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

the Sum of twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Person and Persons to whom the same shall be so offered to {ale, to flop, arrest, seize, and detain all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff, and Packages, and carry the same respectively to the next Warehouse belonging to the Customs 01 Excise, and to bring the Person and Persons so offering the same to sale before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall thereupon commit such Person and Persons so brought before him to Prison, that such Person and Persons may be prosecuted for such Penalty incurred for such Offence; and such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, shall and may be prosecuted in the like Manner as if the same had been seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise; and after the Condemnation thereof, and Commitment of the Offender or Offenders, the Person or Persons so seizing the same as aforesaid shall be entitled to the same Rewards, in every Respect, as any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise would have been entitled to, if such Seizure had been made by any such Officer or Officers, and the said Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively shall pay, or cause the same to be paid accordingly; and in case such Person or Persons so seizing any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall desire it, the said respective Commissioners shall, in the mean Time, till the same can be sold or disposed of according to the Directions of this Act, cause Three-

K: for every Pound of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour,

Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, so seized, to be paid or advanced to such Person or Persons, upon a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, of such Offender or Offenders being committed to Prison; and after the Sale of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff (if the same shall be sold), the Monies so paid or advanced shall be replaced out of the Produce of such Sale.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or ffrged, any Permit for the Removal of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, from any Part of this Kingdom to any other Part thereof, and for the Removal of which a Permit is by this Act required; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Permit for such Removal of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Permit with any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, removed, or to be removed as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such Permit, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Permit so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, entered or filed in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the said Penalty of five hundred Pounds, a Capias in the first Process shall or may issue, specifying such Penalty; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail, by natural-born Subjects Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution, and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security in the said Court, to answer and pay such Penalty or Penalties of five hundred Pounds, in case he, she, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation of any ShortCut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and CarrotTobacco, respectively, manufactured at either of the Ports fiilt herein-before enumerated, or within two Miles thereof, from Tobacco which shall be delivered for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, according to the Directions of this Act, and exported as Merchandize from any of the Ports first herein-before enumerated, by the licensed Manufacturer or Manufacturers who manufactured the same, to any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except the Islands of Faro and Ferro, under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein after mentioned, over and besides such of the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions as are not repugnant to this Act, and are now commonly practised or enforced by the Officers of the Customs upon the Exportation of manufactured Tobacco, in order to obtain the Drawback or Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof, there shall be paid and allowed, in the same Manner as the Custom Drawbacks upon the Exportation of manufactured Tobacco are now paid and allowed, the several Custom Drawbacks herein after mentioned; (that is *0 say,)

For every Pound Weigh* of such Short Cut Tobacco so exported, a Custom Drawback of Six-pence:

For every Pound Weight of such Shag Tobacco so exported, a Custom Drawback of Sixpence:

For every Pound Weight of such Roll Tobacco so exported, a Custom Drawback of Sixpence:

And for every Pound Weight of such Carrot Tobacco so exported, a Custom Drawback of Sixpence*

631

and ike Persons to whom it it offered miy detain ir, and bring the Parties before a Justice, c.;

and they shall be entitled ro the same Rewards at Officers of the Customs or Excise. Commissioners of the Customi and Excise may cause Threepence for every ib. of Tobacco, Arc* so seized to be paid, till it can be diffcfed of, Arc.

Per fens forging Permits, &c. to forfeit 50c).;

and on every Action for such Penalty, the Defendant* shall give sufficient-Bail*

On Exportation of any bhurt Cut Tobacco, Sect manufactured at any of the Pv»rcs herein-befnre enumerated, or withio two Miles thereof, to any Port beyond Sea, except Faro and Ferro, there shall be all lowed the Custom Drawback! following, viz*

For every lb. of Short Cut, 6d,

For every lb of Shat>, 6o.

For every lb. of Foil, 6d.

For every lb. of Carrot, 6d,

632

Such Exportation to b« under the Rules herein percnbed, is well is the Rules now prar. ti ed <-n the Importation of manufacturecd Tobacco;

and if any Tobacco or Exportation shall not be bepun to be picked up, or shipped, within one Htur of the Time specifiei in the Notice, a fresh Notice must be given. $hi>rt Cut Tobacco and Spart i ib, mag factored in Gre«t B itiin, ard tixed Lx Exportation, to be allowed the same Drawback as Short Cut Tobacco, proved the Weight of the Short C<;t entered at ooce for Exportation /hail»q~ol f»«r Times the Wei* h' of the Spanift, .*c.; but if the Spirit (h shall»arced one fifth of the whole, it shall be forfeited, w th the l*ack»

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Exportation of such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco, respectively so manufactured and exported as aforesaid, shall be under and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions herein after mentioned and prescribed (over and besides such of the Rules, Regulations, Retiri&ions, and Provisions as are not repugnant to this Act, and are now commonly practised or enforced by the Officers of the Customs upon the Exportation of manufactured Tobacco, in order to obtain the Drawback or Drawbacks upon the Exportation thereof), that is to say, such Manufacturer Or Manufacturers intending to ship and export any such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, respectively, shall, when any such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco is intended to be packed up for Exportation, give six Hours Notice in Writing, in case such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco is intended to be packed up within the Limits of the Chits Office of Excise in London, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing, in case such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco is intended so to be packed up in any Place out of the said Limits in Great Britain, of his, her, or their Intention to pack up such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco for Exportation, and of the Time and Place when and where the same is intended to be packed up, and of the enumerated Port from whence the same is intended to be exported, to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and of the Port or Place to which the same is intended to be exported, and of the Quantity thereof, respectively, so to be shipped and exported; and such Officer or Officers shall attend to fee such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco, respectively, packed up for Exportation, and the same respectively shall be packed up in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and shall L>p secured with such Fattening*, and sealed with such Seals or Marks, and in the Manner, ai the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the Major Part of them, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time direct; and the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall have seen such manufactured Tobacco packed up, shall weigh and take an Account of the Quantity of such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Toba^co. Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco, respectively, so intended to be exported, and such Officer or Officers shall make a Return thereof to the Officer who shall be appointed by such respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, to receive the same at such of the Potts first herein-before enumerated, and also to the Searcher or Searchers of the Customs at (ueb Port, from which such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco, respectively are intended to be exported; and such Manufacturer or Manufacturers intending to ship any such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, for such Exportation, shall give six Hours Notice in Writing, within the Limits of the said Chief Office, and twelve Hours Notice in Writing in other Places in Great Britain, of the 11 me and Place of shipping such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco, respectively, unto such Officer of Officers of Excite of the Place where the same shall be shipped, and of the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same is respectively intended to be shipped and exported, and of the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, and of the particular Port or Place to which such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco, respectively are intended to be exported, and of the Quantity thereof respectively so to be shipped and exported; and if any such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, so intended to be packed up for Exportation, shall not be begun to be so packed up, or it any such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, so intended to be exported, shall not be begun to be shipped, at the respective Times mentioned for the respective Purposes aforesaid, in such Notices aforesaid, or within one Hour after such respective Times, then such respective Notices shall be void, and the like respective Notices in Writing shall be again given unto such Officer or Officers, previous to the packing up of such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, for Exportation, or previous to the shipping of any such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco for Exportation, as the Case may require.

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Short Cut Tobacco, and Spanish, manufactured in Great Britain, and mixed together as herein-after mentioned for Exportation, shall, for the Purpose of Exportation, be deemed and taken to be Short Cut Tobacco within the Meaning of this Act, and there shall be paid and allowed upon the Exportation thereof the same Drawback as is by this Act granted or payable for or in respect of Short Cut Tobacco manufactured in Great Britain, and exported as aforesaid, provided the Weight of the whole Quantity of the Short Cut Tobacco entered at one axvl same Time by one and the same Person for such Exportation shall equal or exceed four Times the Weight of such Spanish; and such ShortCut Tobacco, and Spanish, respectively, shall be severally and separately weighed by the Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco intending to export the same, in the Pretence of such proper Officer or Officers of Excise, and such Spanish shall, immediately after such weighing, be mixed with such Short Cut Tobacco, or same Part thereof, in the Presence of such proper Officer or Officers, and immediately after such mixing shall be packed up for Exportation, and shipped and exported, under, fui ject, and according to the Rules, Regulations, Restriction*, and Provisions herein-before prescribed with respect to Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco for Exportation; and if in any Mixture of Short Cut Tobacco and Spanish for Exportation, the Spanish contained in the whole Quantity of Short Cut Tobacco, entered at one and the same Time, by one and the farue Person for such Exportation, shall be more than one fifth Part of the Weight of such whole Quantity of Shuit Cut Tobacco, the whole of such Short Cut Tobacco and Spanish* together with the Hoe&eads, Casks, Chells, cases, and Packages whatsoever, containing the same, shall be forfeited, and toe lame respectively lhaL and may he seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cultoins or Excise.

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 633

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, five and except the proper Officer of W *"r Pfr^r*. Excise-at the enumerated Port of Exportation, shall open any such Package after the same shall have been so secured and sealed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully destroy, damage, or deface such Seal or Mark, every such of.,*r',y r!iiea Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds. pjc kafrf, &c.

he ihjk forfeit 50’.

Person? enter*

» g for Export* at ion Tolucco m x d with RubLifli, &c. to lorteit the tinte, *irh fh Pa^k* ani fool, so: every Ci-lk.

Roll or Carrot Tobacco I t £x« poitation con* timing m re than the Quin-tit ei herein attowed vf Water, &c. to Ue forfeited.

Before shipping Short Cut Tobacco, fee. for

Exportation,

Bond to be gives for iu being fairly exported a> Merchaodixe to the Place specified in the Notice, Sc c.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed for any manufactured Tobacco which is or shall be mixed with Rubbish or Dirt, or any other Ingredients, Matter or Thing whatsoever, rot necessary or usual in- the manufacturing thereof; and every Person who shall enter or ship for Exportation, or caure to be entered or shipped for Exportation, any manufactured Tobacco mixed with Rubbish or Dirt, or with any other Ingredients, Matter or Thing whatsoever, or who shall enter any Thing for Exportation as Tobacco, which, upon Examination by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, shall appear not to be Tobacco, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall forfeit all such Goods, and the Hrgfheafs, Casses, Chens, cases, and other Packages containing the same, and also the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every Hogshead, Cask, Chctt, Case, or other Package thereof.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Roll Tobacco for Exportation shall be found to contain more than ten Pounds Weight of Water, or Ingredients other than Tobacco, for every one hundred Pounds Weight, or if any Carrot Tobacco for Exportation shall be found to contain more than twenty Pounds Weight of Water or Ingredients, ether than Tobacco, for every one hundred Pounds Weight of such Roll Tobacco or Carrot l obacco respectively, then all such Roll Tobacco and Carrot Tobacco respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fuzed by any Officer or Officers of the Outturns or Excise.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Manufacturer or Manufacturers of any such Short.Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, shall also, before the shipping the same, give Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with two other sufficient Sureties, of which the Matter or other Person having or t. king the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in or on board which such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco, respectively, is intended to be exported, shall he one, such Surety, other than such Matter or other Person, to be approved of by the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland, or the major Part of them respectively, or the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, in treble the Amount of all the Duties intended to be drawn back on such Exportation of such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll or Carrot Tobacco, respectively, that such Short Cut Tobacco, Snag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco respectively, and every Part thereof, shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be shipped and fairly exported as Merchandize to, and landed in the Port or Place to which the same respectively is in such Notice in that Behalf herein-before directed to be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and shall not be exported or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoeveri and shall not be unshipped, unladen, or put on board any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat in Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), nor relanded in Great Britain, or the Isle of Many or the Islands of GuernJ Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, unk fs entered and shipped out for the said Islands respectively, according to this Act, or the Elands of Faro or Ferro; which Bond the proper Officer of Excise of such of the Ports herein-before enumerated* from whence such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco respectively, shall be exported, is hereby directed to take, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use; and the Exporter mall also, before the (flipping of any such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco reflectively, make Oath that he believes the Duties upon such Tobacco have been fully paid, which Oath they the respective Commissioners of Excise, or any one or more of them for the Time being, are, and the proper Officer of Excise for the Time being is, hereby authorised and required to administer; and such respective Commissioners of Excise, or any one or more of them*or such proper Officer, being satisfied of the Truth of such Oath, shall, within one Month after the actual Exportation of such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, or Carrot Tobacco receptively, give to the Exporter thereof respectively a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the several Quantities of such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco respectively, and that all the Duties hereby imposed on such Tobacco have been paid for the same, and that Bond- with sufficient Security, hath been given before the shipping the same for the Exportation thereof 5 and such Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector of Excise of such of the Ports herein-before enumerated*from whence such Short Cut Tobacco, Shag Tobacco, Roll Tobacco, and Carrot Tobacco respectively, were so respectively exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the Person or Persons so exporting the feme, out of the Excise Duties by this Act imposed on Tobacco, the following Drawbacks of Excise; (that is to fey,)

For every Pound Weight of such Short Cut Tobacco so exported, an Excise Drawback of Nine-

pence. bKto* od

For every Pound Weight of such Shag Tobacco so exported, an Excise Drawback of Eight pence Far- For elcryib. of

thing: Slug, Sd. i-4tlkv

For every Pound Weight of such Roll Tobacco so exported, an Excise Drawback of Ninepence: For every lb. of

Ajid fur every Pound Weight of such Carrot Tobacco fa exported, an Excise Drawback of Eight- Fo^ib.of

Police.: " Carrot,

And.

and within a Month after tho. Exportation thereof, the Commissionera of Excise, &c. to give a Ocben- -tore to the Exporter; which being produced to the CoUcdof of Excise, at the Port of Shipping, hr shall pay the Drawback* following*,

3+

If the Collegers hive not Money, the Commit fjoiurs td pay Drawback*. Otfurer* may open such Tobacco at the Port or Exportation to examine

it;

and if af'rr flapping it (h 11 tie landed, or put into any other VelT»*l within the Kingdom, it lh»U be forfeited.

How Bonds given for the Exportation of

Short Cut Tobacco, &c. shall be discharged.

Persons counterfeiting Certificates for the Discharge of Bonds, &c. to forfeit loot.

The Act not to permit the Importation or Exportation of Tobacco, contrary to any Act in force oo Oct. lo,

no* to allow a Drawback when not allowed by Law at that Pediod. Tobaec'*, Sec, under Se cure, or wh ch may hercaf cr be1

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

And if such Collector of Excise shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively are required to pay such Drawbacks out of the Money in their Hands, arising from the Excise Duties by this Act imposed, for or in respect of

Tobacco.

CXXXIV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Officer attending the shipping of such manufactured Tobacco, if he shall deem it expedient, at the Port or Place of Exportation, to open and examine such manufactured Tobacco as shall be so packed, in order that he may be satisfied that such manufactured Tobacco is the same that is described in the Account so sent by the Officer in whose Presence any such manufactured Tobacco was so packed up.

CXXXV. Provided also, That if after the shipping of any such manufactured Tobacco, and the giving such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain any Drawback by this Act granted, the same manufactured Tobacco, or any Part thereof, shall be unshipped, unLden, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat within this Kingdom (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty's Use, all such manufactured Tobacco which shall be so unshipped, unladen, or laid on Land, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat, within Great Britain (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted), or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, ajid such Tobacco shall and may be seized by an Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such last mentioned Bond so to be given shall be discharged in Manner herein after mentioned; (that is to lay,) For such of the said manufactured Tobacco as shall be entered for Exportation for or landed in the Kingdom of Ireland, or the Blands of Gusnifey, Jtrf'h a:. derney, or Sark, upon the Production, to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Excise of such of the Ports herein before enumerated from which such manufactured Tobacco was exported, ot a Certificate, such Production thereof to be within six Months from the Date of such Bond, testifying such landing of such manufactured Tobacco there; upon the like Production of a like Certificate, within twelve Months for such manufactured Tobacco as shall be so entered for, or landed in, any other Port or Place in Europe (other than the Blands of Faro and Ferro), or in any Port or Place in Asia 01 Africa, or within the Streights of Gibraltar \ upon the like Production of a like Certificate, within eighteen Months for such manufactured Tobacco as shall be so entered for, or landed in, any of his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Blands, or Territories in America or Africa, or the United States of America j and upon the like Production of a like Certificate, within twenty-four Months for such manufactured Tobacco as shall be so entered for, or landed in, any Port or Place at or beyond the Caps of Good Hope; and such Certificates respectively for such manufactured Tobacco as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Customs there, and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs shall be resident in such Port or Place where such manufactured Tobacco shall be landed, such Certificate shall be signed by the British Consul, or other Perl'on acting as such #there, and if no Officer of his Majesty's Customs or British Consul, or other Person acting as such, shall be resident at such Port or Place where such manufactured Tobacco shall be l^pded, such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate of such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants then being at such Port or Place at which such manufactured Tobacco shall be so landed; or such last mentioned Bond or Bonds shall be discharged upon Proof, in any or either of the said cases, that such manufactured Tobacco was taken by Enemies, or perished in the Sea, or by Fire, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the said Commissioners of Excile in England and Scotland for the Time being, respectively, or the major Part of the said Commissioners respectively for the Time being.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Certificate by this Act required for the Discharge of any Bond or Bonds given, entered into, or executed for the Exportation of any Tobacco as by this Act is required; or shall produce to any Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, or to any Collector or other Officer of Excise, or make use of any forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue Certificate, as and for any Certificate by this Act required for the Discharge of any such Bond or Bonds; or shall connive at any such Certificate being so forged or counterfeited, or at any such forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue Certificate being so produced or made use of; all and every the Person and Persons so offending (haB, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

CXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow (unless otherwise permitted or allowed determined by this Act) any Tobacco or Snuff to be imported into or exported from Great Britain, in any Way or Manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said tenth Day of (Jibber one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

2789, unless otherwise permitted herein;

CXXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to allow a Drawback upon the Exportation ot Tobacco to any Port or Place to which a Drawback v/as not allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the said tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, which is or are now under Seizure, or which shall or may be seized on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

hundred and eighty-nine, by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or which shall be seized after the Commencement of this Act by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, under or by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or which shall afterwards be made, shall, after the Condemnation thereof respectively, and before the same respectively, or any Part thereof, shall be fold, burnt, or destroyed, be sent to, ftfid deposited, lodged, and secured until the lame shall be fold, and burnt, or destroyed, in the Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided according to the Directions of this Act, at such of the Ports herein-before enumerated as shall be nearest to the Place where such Seizure respectively shall be made; and the said Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any four or more of them, for the Time being, and the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively authoris'd and required to cause all such Tobacco (except Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Shain or Portugal, or of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, lilands, or Territories in America, or the United States of America) and all such Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobaccp Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, and Tobacco Stalk Flour, respectively, as shall be so seized by any such Officer or Officers of the Customs, to be burnt and destroyed, and to give such Officer or Officers by whom the same respectively shall have been so seized, such pecuniary Reward as they the said respective Commissioners of the Customs shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding Threepence per Pound for each and every Pound of such Tobacco (except as aforesaid), and of such Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, and Tobacco Stalk Flour, respectively, which shall be so burnt or destroyed 5 and also, if any such Tobacco of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal^ or of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, lilands, or Territories in America, or the United States of America, can be sold for so much Money as will be equal to, or exceed, the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of Tobacco of the same Kind, which shall be delivered for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured, as aforesaid; or if such Snuff, being foreign Snuff, can be sold for so much Money as will be equal to, or exceed, the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of Snuff of the same Kind which shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses; or if such Snuff, being British Snuff, can be sold for one Shilling and Threepence per Pound Weight, cause such Tobacco and Snuff respectively to be publickly fold, and to reward such Officer or Officers of the Customs, by whom Xuch Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall have been lb seized, with one Moiety of the Money (after deducting the Charges of Seizure, Condemnation, and Sale) for which such Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall be so fold; and in case, upon any such Tobacco or Snuff being put up or offered to publick Sale, no Person or Persons shall offer or bid for the same respectively such Sum or Sums of Money as will be equal to, or exceed, such Duties or Sum of Money respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners of the Customs respectively to cause such Tobacco and Snuff respectively to be burnt and destroyed, and to give such Officer or Officers such pecuniary Reward as they the said respective Commissioners of the Customs shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding Threepence per Pound for each and every Pound Weight of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively which shall be so burnt or destroyed; and the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of <be/n respectively, for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to cause all such Tobacco {except as aforesaid) which shall be so seized by such Officer or Officers of Excise, and sent to and deposited, lodged, and secured as aforesaid, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, and all such Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, and Tobacco Stalk Flour, respectively, to be burnt and destroyed, and to give such Officer or Officers of Excise, by whom the same respectively shall have been so seized, such pecuniary Reward as such respective Commissioners of Excise shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding Threepence per Pound for each and every Pound of such Tobacco (except as aforesaid), and of such Tobacco Stalks,- Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, and Tobacco Stalk Flour, respectively, which shall be burnt or destroyed; and also, if any such Tobacco, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of the* Plantations or Dominion of Spain or Portugal\ or of the Growth or Production of Ireland, or his Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands, or Territories in America, or the United States of America, can be sold for so much Money as will be equal to or exceed the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of Tobacco of the same Kind, which shall be delivered for Home Trade, Consumption, or Manufacture, out of the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, and secured as aforesaid, or if such Snuff, being foreign Snuff, can be sold for so much Money as will be equal to or exceed the Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of Snuff of the same Kind, which shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, or if such Snuff, being British Snuff, can be sold for one Shilling and Threepence per Pound Weight, cause such Tobacco and Snuff respectively to be publickly sold, and to reward such Officer or Officers by whom such Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall have been so seized, with one Moiety of the Money -(after deducting the Charges of Seizure, Condemnation, and Sale) for which such Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall be so fold; and in case, upon such Tobacco or Snuff being put up or offered to publick oale, no Person or Persons shall offer or bid for the same respectively such Sums or Sums of Money as will be equal to or exceed such Duties or Sum of Money respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners of Excise respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, to cause such Tobacco and Snuff respectively to be burnt and destroyed, and to give such Officer or Officers such pecuniary Reward as they the said respective Commissioners of Excite, or the major Part of them respectively, shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding Threepence per Pound, for each and every 29 CJ £0. 111. 4 O Pound

635

felted,"shall be depofi cl in the Warehouse* provided under this Act, Ac;

and If fe'red by Officers of the Custnrni may be bu nt(exctpt Spanish Tobacco, &c.) by Ordtr of the Coontiiiftionsr* of the Customs, who are then 1* give a pecuniary Reward to ihe Sciaer.

If Inch Spaniel Tobacco, 6cc. or Snuff can be sold for ehc Price* herein men' tiuned, it magr b* fold, and the Seiser rewarded with a Moicy of the Produce.

But if, upan putting it of for Sale, a Sum equal to the Duties ftould not be offered, it may be burnt by Order of the Comtnifflooert, «rc.

loamlfioner* of Exalt to act as the Commissioneri of Cuf-toms, with respect to Seizures made by Excise Office! t.

636

Rewards here1 y authorised to tc in ii'’U of all Claims, exerpt pecuniary Pe-raltics.

Officers feiring Tobacco, Sec, and no* Oizing the Vtff.l, &c. cr not discover-ing the Fartie* concerned, to be rn itlrd to such Rewa d only at t&eCormissioners c f Customs or Ex<i'e shall think proper.

Rewards *o be paid ou of the Duti' $ hereby imposed.

S-Jxurt when *rehoured t«> be fu to the Jnfpr<fl ,0 of the Otfuers of the Cuf*om? ard

Excite, &c.

The Commissioners tJ provide Kiln* for burning Tobacco, &c.

Vesseli feixed under any Act relating to Tobacco, &c. if adapted to the J^urp jftt of Smuggling, to be tfifpoied of in the Manner herein prefer! bed,

and the Produce divided between bit Majesty and tlb< Utiker*

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Pound Weight of such Tobacco and Snuff respectively which shall be so burnt and destroyed as last aforesaid: Which said Rewards respectively shall be in lieu of all Rewards, Allowances, Sums of Money, and Claims whatsoever, to which any such Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise was, were* or shall be entitled by virtue of any such Act or Acts, other than any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, for or in respe&of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Returns of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively.

CXLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise shall seize any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Sulk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, as forfeited by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at thd Commencement of this Act, or which shall afterwards be made, on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat forfeited by such Act or Acts, and shall not seize and prosecute the Ship, Vessel, or Boat in or on board which the same shall have been imported, brought, found, or seized; or if any Officer or Officers shall seize any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, which (had have been unshipped, landed, removed, or carried contrary to Law', and shall not also seize and prosecute to Conviction the Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, or Carriage made use of in removing, carrying, or conveying such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, if such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, or Carriage, shall be forfeited by such Act or Acts, by reason of being made use of in the removing, carrying, or conveying such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Sulk f lour. Snuff Woik, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, and shall not also discover to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs or Excise respectively, the Person or Persons concerned in the unffiipping or-receiving such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Sulk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff’, or from whom such Seizures reflectively were made, so that he, she, or they may be prosecuted to Conviction for the Penalties incurred by Law for such Offences, such Officer and Officers (Kali, m each and every such Case, in lieu and in stead of all and every Reward and Rewards by this Act given or granted to him or them upon the Condemnation of any such Seizure, be entitled only to such Reward as they the said Commissioners of Customs in England, or any four or more of them for the Time being, and the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland\ or any three*or more of them for the Time being, or the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, respectively, as die Case may require, shall think lit, such Reward not exceeding three Halfpence per Pound for every Pound Weight of Tobacco^ Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Sulks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, and Snuff, which shall be liable to be burnt or destroyed, according to the Directions of this Act, not exceeding one fourth Part of the Money, after deducting the Charges of Seizure, Condemnation, and Sale, arising from the Sale of Tobacco and Snuff respectively, which shall be fold according to the Directions of this Act, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and the (aidrespec-tive Commissioners of the Customs and Excise shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised to pay or cause to be paid all such Rewards out of any Money in the Hands of them the said respective Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively, arising from the Duties of Customs or Excise by this Act imposed, as the Cale may require.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That all Seizures of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks (or Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, which shall be depofued, lodged, or secured m any Warehouse or Warehouses so to be provided as aforesaid, shall be under and subject to the Inspection and Examination of all the Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, and shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Restrict.ons, and Provisions (other than and except the Payment of Duties by this Act imposed), to Which Tobacco, Tobacco Sulk?, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, are subject by virtue of this Act.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, or any four or more of them, and the said Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorised and required, out of any of the Duties or Revenues of Customs under their Management respectively, to erect and provide from Time to Time a proper Kiln or Kilns in each and every such Warehouse to to be provided as aforesaid, for burning and destroying such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Snuff Woik and Snuff, as shall be burnt or destroyed according to the Directions of this Act.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Ship?, Vessels, and Boats whatsoever, which shall be seized and condemned for any Cause of Forfeiture under or by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuft^ and which shall appear to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any four or more of them for the Time being, or to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the Time being (in case the same shall te seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs), and to the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Pait of them respectively for the Time being (in cale the lame shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise), to be particularly adapted to the Purpose of Smuggling, shall be disposed of as follows; (that is to say,) The Hull of every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be broken up, and the Materials of every such Hull, together with the (Juns. Ammunition, Tackie, Furniture, and Apparel, belonging to such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall be sold to the bed Advantage, and the Produce arising therefrom (the Costs and Charges of the Seizure, Prosecution, Breaking*up, and Saie thereof, being hi ft deducted) shall be divided, one Moiety to the L ie of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to inch Officer or Officers as shall seize or sue for the iamc j and the said respective Commissioners

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68. 637

shall also reward the Officer or Officers who shall seize any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, the Hull whereof shall be so broken up, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said respective Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding ten Shillings ^rTon for fich Vessels and Boats respectively as shall be more than four Tons, according to legal Admeasurement, and not exceeding forty Shillings for such Vessels and Boats as shall not be more than tour Tons according to legal Admeasurement, such Rewards respectively to be paid by the said respective Commissioners, out of any Money in their Hands respectively, arising from the Duties by this Act imposed; and in case it shall appear to such Commissioners respectively that such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, which shall be so seized and condemned, shall not be particularly adapted to the Purpose of Smuggling, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners respective! y, to order such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together with her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, to be sold to the best Advantage, and the Produce arising therefrom (the Costs and Charges of the Seizure, Prosecution, and Sale thereof being first deduced) shall be divided, one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall seize or sue for the same

CXLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be necessary and fit for the Service of his Majesty in his Royal Navy, it shall and may be lawffil to and for the said Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any four or more of them for the Time being, or to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them for the Time being, and to and for the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major Part of them respectively, if they shall think fit, to cause the same, together with her Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, to be sold to the Officers appointed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty or of the Navy, for that Purpose, and the Produce arising from such Sale (the Costs and Charges of the Seizure, Prosecution, and Sale thereof, being first deduced) shall be divided,x>ne Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Officer or Officers who shall seize or sue for the same; and if any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat shall be found fit to be used by any of the Officers of: his Majesty's Revenues of Customs or Excise, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Commissioners respectively to cause such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, together whither Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, to be used in the Service of his Majesty's Revenues of Customs and Excise respectively as the Case may require, the Officer or Officers who seized such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, being first paid by them the said respective Commissioners one Moiety of the Value of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat (the Costs and Charges of the Seizure and Prosecution thereof being first deducted) *, any Thing in any such Act or Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, and the said Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and required to pay or cause to be paid all the Money arising to his Majesty from such Sales into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, as the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively by this Act imposed are directed to be paid in there, without distinguishing the same from such Duties, and the same shall be carried to and made Part of the Fund called The Consolidated Fund.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer of the Customs shall be entitled to any Reward given on the Seizure of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, cron the Seizure of any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, or Carriage, made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or thereafter to be made, unless Notice of such Seizure be by him given, within twenty-four Hours next after such Seizure, at the next Office of Excise, or to the Supervisor or other Officer of Excise of the District where such Seizure shall be made; and such Supervisor or Officer of Excise is hereby directed, on such Notice, to take a particular Account of the Kind and Quantities of all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff respectively, so seized; nor shall any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Hour, Snuff* Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, be afterwards removed without a Permit signed by the proper Officer or Supervisor of Excise of the Place or District from whence such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stt-Jlcs for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, are or is tube removed, under the Penalty of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages respectively containing the same, being forfeited, and the same reflectively shall and may be seized by any other Officer or Officers of the Customs, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of Excise* or any of them, to go on hoard and enter into any Ship or Vessel whatsoever which shall be within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, and to continue on board the same, and to examine and search such Ships and Vessels respectively, for all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, whatsoever, and to seize, for his Majesty's Use, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, there found, as by this Act, or by any Law or Laws in force at the Commencement of this Act, shall be forfeited, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and other Packages containing the same, and also such Ship or Vessel, if the same shall be forfeited, for or on Account of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff.

Such Offi rr* to b« al'u re-w odt d js nc eio mentioned*

Vessel so Vi:d an i nut adapt'd for Smuggling, to be fuhl.md the Produce divided between h»* and the Officer!.

Such Vessels, if fit for the Royal Navy Sic. to be so ai'poled of,

His MajestyV Share of -iearee to be paid into the Exchequer*

No Officer of the

Cu^oms to be entitled to any Reward fi r a Sei*u e, um'cfr in 24 Hours thereafier he gives Notice at the n.*xt Office of Excise, or the Sflpervisor or Officer of the DirtrifV, who it to take an Account of the same, and which mu 1 not be re-, moved without Permit,

Officer* of the*-' Excise may go on board Vesselt -within fnur Leagues of the Coast to search for Tobacco, Uc,

fO L

638

Period* ok-#rudin% OflS-cert, &c. to forfeit Mill

Personi offering Bribe? to Officers, to forfeit joo U

Persons taking false Oaths, to be liable to the Penalties for Perjury.

No Tobacco, tee, to be landed, without Entry first made, m Penalty, oC Forfeiture,

Officer* of Excise suspecting Tobacco, &c. to be concealed, and making Oath thrrr< f* may be authors td by the Commissionert of Excite, or two Magistrater, to (earch for the same, &c.

C. 68. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789

CXLIX. And be it further eroded. That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, resist, oppose* tnoleft, obstruct, or hinder any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise in the due Execution of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, or thereafter to be made, relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, or of any of the Powers or Authorities by any such Act or Acts of Parliament given or granted to any such Officer c* Officers 1 or shall by Force or Violence, after any such Officer or Officers shall have seized any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks. Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, or Snuff, forfeited by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, or Carriage forfeited by any such Act or Acts of Parliament, for being made use of in the Removal, Carriage, or Conveyance of any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spani/hy Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Sulk Flour, or Snuff, refeue or cause to be refeued any such Tobacco, Tobacco Sulks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Sulk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Floury Ship, Vessel, Boat, Horse, Cattle, Cart, or Carriage, or shall attempt or endeavour (b to do, all and every such Person or Persons fb offending shall, for each and every such Offence for which no Penalty is particularly provided by this Act, forfeit the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

CL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give, or offer to give, any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward whatsoever, to any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, to connive at or to permit any Tobacco, Tobacco Sulks, Spanish, Tobacco Sulks for Tobacco Sulk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, to be run on Shore, or to connive at any false or short Entry of any Tobacco or Snuff, or shall give or offer to give any Bribe, Recompence, or Reward whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade, or prevail upon any such Officer or Officers, either to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, contrary to the Duty of such Officer or Officers in the Execution of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament &n force at the Commencement of this Act, or thereafter to be made, v relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Sulks, Spanish, Tobacco Sulks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco otalk Flour, and Snuff, or either of them, or to neglect to do or perform any Act or Acts, Thing or Things whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the Business and Duty of such Officer and Officers in the Execution of any such Act or Acts of Parliament, or to connive at or conceal any Fraud or Frauds relating to the Duties on Tobacco or Snuff, or not to discover the same $ all and every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, whether such Offer or Proposal be accepted or not, forkit the Sum of five hundred Pounds.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, who shall be convicted of wilfully uking a false Oath, in any of the Cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act> shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, bringing any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, into any Port or Place of Or eat Britain, by Coast Cocauet, Transire, or Permit, nor any Person or Persons to whom the same, or any of them, shall be consigned, shall land, or cause any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stales for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, to be landed or put on Shore, without first making or causing to be made, with the Officer or Officers of the Customs for the Time being, appointed to receive or take such Entries within the Port or Place into which such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, shall be so brought, due Entry of the same respectively, on Pain of forfeiting double the Value of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, landed or put on Shore contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof j and all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, together with the Casks and Packages respectively containing the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have Cause to susped that any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, which shall have been imported contrary to the Directions of this Act, or (halt be forfeited by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, shall be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then, and in such Case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise in latid for the Time being, or any two or more of them, or in case such Place shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall susped the same to be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, (which respective Oaths they the said Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them, and Justice or Justices of the Peace, respectively, are hereby authorised and impowered to administer,) setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Excise, or any two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively (as the Case may require), before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants, under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorise and impower facn Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night-time, in the Presence of a Constable, or othci lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places, where be or they shall to suspect such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Efour,-or Suuft, to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, and to ftize and carry away all such

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish, Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, respectively, which he or they shall then and there find so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, and Packages whatsoever containing the feme; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall let, obstruct, or hinder any such Officer or Officers lb authorised or impowered, or any other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance in the Execution of such Warrant, from entering any such Place or Places where such Officer or Officers shall so suspe& such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Spanish^ Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff, to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or carrying away the same, or the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, cases, or Packages containing the same, or in the due Execution* of any such Warrant, the Person and Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence sevendly forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person whatsoever, being a Manufacturer of, or Dealer in Tobacco or Snuff, or who is or shall be in anywise interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of manufacturing or dealing in Tobacco or Snuff, shall, during such Time as he, she, or they, shall be so interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of manufacturing or dealing in Tobacco or Snuff, at as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing whatsoever, which shall in anywise concern the Execution of the Powers or Authorities given or granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff; and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, presume to exercise any such Powers or Authorities, or do any At hereby authorised to be done by any Justice or Justices of the reace, all such Ats so executed or done by such Person or Persons shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That all Thumb Cut, Black Leaf Lug and Twist or Pig Tail Tobacco, shall be deemed and taken to be Roll Tobacco within the Meaning of this Act; that all Tobacco Smalls Lifted from Short Cut Tobacco, and Shag Tobacco, and all Returns of Spanish, shall be deemed and taken to be Returns of Tobacco within the Meaning of this Act; that all Sand lifted from Tobacco Smalls shall be deemed and taken to be Tobacco Sand within the Meaning of this Act; that all Tobacco Stalks Battened and cut into what is commonly called Spanish, shall be deemed and taken to be Spanish within the Meaning of this Act; that all Tobacco Stalks (tripped or taken from the Leaf, shall be deemed and taken to be Tobacco Stalks within the Meaning of this Act; and that all Tobacco Stalks prepared or laid down for being manufactureed or made into Tobacco Stalk Flour, shall be deemed and taken to be Tobacco Stalks for Tobacco Stalk Flour within the Meaning of this Act: And also, that all and every Person and Persons who shall manufacturee Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Returns of Tobacco, or who shall manufacturee or flatten any Tobacco Stalks, or cut any Tobacco Stalks into what is commonly called Spanish>, shall be deemed and taken to be a Manufacturer or Manufacturers of Tobacco within the Meaning of this Act; that all and every Person and Persons who shall grind or manufacturee any Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff'Work, or Snuffj shall be deemed and taken to be a Manufacturer or Manufactureers of Snuff within the Meaning of this Act; that all and every Person and Persons who shall fell any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Returns of To- bacco, or any Tobacco Stalks flattened, or any Tobacco Stalks cut into what is commonly called Spanish, shall be deemed and taken to be a Dealer or Dealers in Tobacco within the Meaning of this Act; and that all and every Person or Persons who shall fell any Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work, or Snuff, shall be deemed and taken to be a Dealer or Dealers in Snuff within the Meaning of this Act.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures created or imposed by this Act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permission of the (Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of the Cut toms, shall and may (where not otherwise directed by this Act) be fried for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Vessels forfeited, for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the Officer or Officers of the Customs concerned in any such Seizures or Prosecutions shall (where not other wise directed by this Act) be entitled to and receive such Share of the Produce arising from the Seizures, as they are now by Law entitled to upon Prosecutions of Seizures for unlawful Importation, and (where not otherwise direted by this Act to such Share of the Produce arising. from any pecuniary Penalty or Composition paid for any Offence against this Act, as they are now by any. Law or Regulation entitled to upon Prosecutions for pecuniary Penalties.

CLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Commencement of this Act, relating to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk9, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff, or either of them, and which shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, not otherwise direted by this Act, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue (or the same.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster \ and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the said Fund called The Consolidated Fund*

639

and Person* obstrncting them to forfeit 100l.

No Manufacturer, dtc. or Person interested, to act at a Magistrate in the Execution of any Arelative to Tobacco, &c.

Thumb Cut Tobacco, dec. to be deemed Roll Tobacco, dec.

Who ftalhbr deemed Manufacturers and Dealers,

Hbw Penalties in the Customa are to be sued for, and what Shares are to be paid the Officers*

How Penalties in the Excise are to be sued for, and how applied.

Duties to be or* ried to the Consolidated Fund*.

64.0 C. 6H. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789

Tobtreoimpart.

but not entered, and Tobacco en?ered but not wart-koufed by Oct. 10, 1789, to be liable to t he Duties impost d by this Act, Scc%

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco shall have been imported into this Kingdom on or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and which (half not have been entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, or any Tobacco which may have been entered, and the proper Duties payable thereon secured by Bond, agreeably to the Laws in force at or immediately before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, but which shall not have been lodged in the Warehouses appointed for the Purpose of securing such Tobacco, all such Tobacco shall be considered as having been imported after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and such Tobacco shall be liable to such and the like Duties, and entitled to such and the like Drawbacks, and no other, and subject to all and every the Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which Tobacco is respectively subject and liable by virtue of this Act; and in case the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any such Tobacco so imported as aforesaid, shall have secured the Duties by Bond, in Manner prescribed by Law, such Bond shall and may be discharged in like Manner as Bonds given for Tobacco remaining in the Warehouse are by this Act directed to be discharged; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds given for securing the Duties upon Tobacco, which shall, at the Commencement of this Act, be in any Warehouse or Warehouses provided, fixed upon, or appointed by the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, for the Time being, or by the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of thern, in Scotland, for the Time being, under and by virtue of the said Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, shall be discharged and cancelled by the Receiver General and Collectors of the Customs, respectively, having the Custody of such Bonds, upon such Certificates as the said Commissioners of the Customs, or any four or more of them, in England, for the Time being, and the Commissioners of the Customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for the Time being, shall reflectively direct, being produced to and left with such Receiver General and Collectors of the Customs respectively.

Ko Profecotion

CLXI. And whereas many Persons having incurred heavy pecuniary Penalties by reason of Offences t be commenced committed against the Laws for collecting and securing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, are deterred

for pecuniary from renouncing their evil Courses, through fear of being discovered by some of their Associates, and prosecuted for such pecuniary Penalties, and other Persons are confined in Prison for pecuniary Penalties, in,

consequence of their having been convicted of such Offences, which they are unable to pay, and many, to

avoid being prosecuted or taken in Execution for such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, have withdrawn themselves into foreign Parts, and Process-of Outlawry may have issued against some of them; and

whereas it is expedient to extend a Pardon and Indemnity to Persons under such Circumstances :* Be it therefore enacted, That no Prosecution by Bill, Plaint, Information, or Action of Debt, shall be commenced for any pecuniary Penalty incurred by reason of any Offence committed, by any Person or Persons against any of the Provisions of any Act or Acts for collecting or focuring the Duties on Tobacco or Snuff, committed before the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, but that such pecuniary Penalties shall be wholly pardoned and released.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That as to all pecuniary Penalties-now due on any Conviction here-, tofore had, or which may become due in consequence of Prosecutions now carrying on for any such pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, the same shall be pardoned and discharged, so far as regards his Majesty's Share of or Interest on such Penalty; and that all Persons against whom any Process of Outlawry hath been fued out, for the Matters aforesaid, may be at liberty to apply, by Motion, to the Court out of which such Process. issued, to let aside or reverse the tune.

Bond* for Tobacco ware-housed at the Commencement of this Act, to be cancelled upon such Certificates as the Commissioners o' Custom* Dull dire A.

for pecuniary Penalties for Offence* committed before Joly 20, 1789*.

Rif Majesty*

Share or Pea title* due, or that may become due, on Prosecution* now carrying on, dWV charged;. and severfa] of Outlawrir* may be applied.for.

Tht* Act not to

CLXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed «cqu t where to exten(^ acquit, release, or discharge any Judgment or Judgments, where the Monies or other been taken in Things recovered have been actually levied or taken in Execution before the Commencement of Execution before this Act. the Commencement of this Act.

In Action* brought br Persons claiming the Benefit of this Act against Officer*, See f«r any Thing done in regard to Matters hereby. d Lhargr d, the Generel Issue miy be pleaded.

Act not to extend to the Discharge of %jy

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of this Act shall, after such Claim, bring or commence, or cause to be brought or commenced, any Action, Plaint, Information, or other Prosecution whatsoever, against any Officer of his Majesty's Navy, or any Officer of Officers of the Customs or Excise, or other Person or Persons who shall have aided or aftifted any such Officer or Officers, for or concerning any Act, Matter, or Thing done or committed by him, them, or any of them, on occasion of, or for, or by reason or means of any of the Offences, Frauds, Misdemeanors, or other Matters or Things intended to be released ami discharged by this Act, such Churn is and shall be deemed to be an absolu^e Discharge and Release to such Officer and Officers, and other Person and Persons respectively, of and from all and every such Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions; and such Officer and Officers, and other Person and Persons respectively, may plead the General Blue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; and such Officer and Officers, or other Person and Persons respectively, shall recover his Costs of Suit against the Person or Persons so bringing or commencing such Action or Prosecution.

CLXV. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to acquit, release, or discharge any Person or Persons whatsoever.from the Payment

A.D. 17B9. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 68.

ment of any Customs, Duties, or Sums of Money, due and owing to his Majesty from such Person or Persons, for or upon the lawful Importation or Entry of any Tobacco or Snuff, nor for any Debts or Sums of Money due to his Majesty, from any Person or Persons, upon any Bond, Obligation, or other Contract or Agreement whatsoever, touching or concerning the lawful importing or landing any Tobacco or Snuff, or the Customs or other Duties due and payable ior the same, nor to any Bonds given or entered into for the Exportation of any Tobacco or Snuff from this Kingdom to foreign Parts, and to prevent the relanding of the same in this Kingdom; nor to any Bonds given for landing any Tobacco or Snuff*

Coastwise within this Kingdom; nor to any Bond or Obligation given by any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Navy, or of the Customs or Excise, to his Majesty, or any of his Predecessors, or to any other Person or Persons for the Use of or in Trust for his said Majesty, or his Predecessors; nor to any Debts,

Dues, or Demands due or owing to his said Majesty, for or in respect: of any Sum or Sums of Money by him, or any of his Royal Predecessors, at any Time paid upon any Debenture or Debentures, Certificate or Certificates, where any such Debenture or Debentures, or Certificate or Certificates, was or were wrongfully or fraudulently obtained, or where the same Debenture or Debentures afterwards became void by any relanding of the Goods therein mentioned, or by any other Way or Means whatsoever; nor to any other Debts, Dues, or Demands, for or in respect of the Customs, Excise, and other Duties chargeable on any Tobacco or Snuff, concerning which there is any Action, information, Suit, or Prosecution now depending in any of his Majesty's Courts at or elsewhere.

CLXV1. Provided also, That all Persons who have compounded with, or agreed or offered to pay any Corrporition* Sum of Money by way of Composition or Charges to his Majesty, or to the Lords Commissioners of his stood*

Majesty's Treasury, or to the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time bsing, on his Majesty's Behalf, 8

for or in respect of any of the above-mentioned Offences, or for the Forfeitures or Penalties arising thereby, shall make good such Compositions, Agreements, and Offers as have been by them respectively made, or in default thereof all and every such Persons shall be excluded and deprived of and from all Benefit and Advantage of this Act.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons may plead this Act for his or their Dif- Aa charge of or for any Thing that is by virtue of this Act pardoned, discharged, or granted, or shall and may p*/ 07;, apply for such Discharge in a summary Way, by Motion to the Court of Exchequer, which Court shall make Thing*'hereby* such Order touching the Staying or Discharge or any such Suit, or of any Person imprisoned by reason thereof, pardoned.

AS to the said Court shall seem meet;

CLXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall Person who take, receive, or be entitled to any Benefit or Advantage by virtue of the Indemnity aforesaid, either bought by pleading or insisting on the same in any Court of Justice, or before any of the Barons of the Court of officer! *to tc-Exchequer, in a summary Way or otherwise, and who hath or shall (before he, she, or they shall claim the ieafe the Benefit of this present Act) have brought, commenced, or prosecuted any Action, Plaint, or Information, before rhe* indictment, or other Prosecution whatsoever, against any Officer or Officers of his Majesty's Navy, diimrhefieae-or of the Customs or Excise, or against any Person or Persons who shall or may have been aiding or aififting to any such Officer or Officers, for or concerning any Matter, Cause, or Thing done or committed by any such Officer or Officers, or by any Person or Persons aiding or assisting him, them, or any of them, on occasion, or for, or by reason or means of any of the Offences, Trespasses, Frauds, Misdemeanors, or other Matters or Things by this Act intended to be released and discharged, shall, before i such Time as he, she, or they shall be admitted to make such Plea as aforesaid, or to take any Benefit or Advantage of this Act, absolutely release and discharge such Action or Actions, discontinue and cause to be flayed all Proceedings in all and every such Informations, Indictments, and other Prosecution and Prosecutions respectively brought or commenced as aforesaid.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, and Dotje«ad the several Drawbacks of the Duties of Customs by this Act charged, and the several Drawbacks of the of

Duties of Customs by this Act allowed, shall (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) thjt Aa’«xccpt be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, paid, and allowed in whtre hereby such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways, or Methods by which the altered, to be Duties of Customs upon Tobacco or Snuff* respectively, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs upon managed ai the Tobacco, by this Act respectively repealed, were or ought to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, col- r«ere

lested, recovered, answered* paid, and allowed; and that all Tobacco and Snuff* respectively, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Customs is by this Act imposed, and all Tobacco for or in respect whereof any Drawback of the Duty of Customs is by this Act allowed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Renriftions, Provisions, and Forfeitures respectively, to which Goods,

"Wares, or Merchandize in general were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately upon the Commencement of this Act, respecting the Revenue of Customs; and all and every Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, for any Offence whatsoever, committed against, or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in fores at and immediately before the Commencement of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Powers, Directions Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained {unless where expressly altered by this Act), (bail, and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the said Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, and Drawbacks of Duties of Customs by this Act granted, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions,

64 r

Monic* due upon the lawful Imputation of Tobacco, Sc c.

642

Th« Power of IS Car. II. cap* 14, and of any other Law resperiing the Ex* rife, crept where hereby altered, tobe*x-crcifed in levying the - Excise Duties hereby impoied, &c.

4 Geo. II. cap. 4«i

and to much of ao Geo. 11* cap. *3i

god of 13 Geo. III. cap. 11, at relates to Tobacco, Tobacco Sulkfyor Scuff;

at »lfe s5 Geo. III. cap. 811

and 16 Geo. III. £ap. 5s, repealed j exceptio respect ot Duties thereby imposed.

limitation of Adbont.

General line.

[Treble Costs.]

Commencement

mfJta.

2. 68 - 70. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

Fine*, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things respe&vdy, were particularly repeated and rt-enacted in the Body of this Act.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other La\y now in force relating to his Majesty's Revenue or Excise, are provided and established for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating* recovering, and paying the Excise Dubes by this Act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco j so much of another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of hi* said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, by Land and by Water, and for the Ease of the fair Trader in Tobacco \ and for ascertaining the Rates payable for the Portage of certain Letters; and for amending and explaining the Laws relating to the Sale of Spirituous Liquors by Retail, as relates to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff; so much of another Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco; to prohibit the Importation of Currants into Great Britain in f mall Packages; to repeal such Part of the Proviso in an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as permits Portugal and Spanish Wines, and other Wines (except French Wines) to be imported in Jmali Casks for private Use; and for taking off the inland Duty payable upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts into this Kingdom, upon the Exportation thereof as Merchandise ft as relates to Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff; another Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Duties payable on Tobacco \ and another Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent Removal of Tobacco, and for the Eaje of the fair Trader; for discontinuing the Discount upon Payment on Bonds before due, and establishing the Duty to be paid upon Tobacco of the Growth of the British Plantations end the United States of America (other than and except in respect of any Duty or Duties imposed under or by virtue of the said Act or Acts, or any or either of them), shall be, and the same are hereby, from and after the Commencement of this Act, repealed.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing by him, her, or them done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Mouths next after the Matter or Thine done, and shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or be non-suited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect, as to all such Matters and Things therein contained, in respect whereof no special Commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the better paving, repairing, clcanffng, lighting, and watching the H;ghways, Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Town and Liberty of Faversham, in the County of Kent, and also certain Places near or adjoining thereto; and for removing and preventing incroachments, Obstructions, Nuifences, and Annoyances therein.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fen and Ings in the Parish of Dunstan, in the County of Lincoln; and for draining and improving certain Parts thereof, and also certain inclosed Low Lands in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Metheringham, in the said County.

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 71 - 76. 643

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching such Streets and other publick Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Pancras,-in the County of Middlesex, whion lies on the North and South Sides of the New Road leading from Paddington to Ifington, called Sommers Town, and is now actually leased to 'Jacob Leroux Esquire, for building upon, or that may be hereafter leased for the like Purpose; and for preventing Nuitknces and Obstructions therein.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the Borough of And ever, in the County of Southampton, to or near Redbridge, in the Parish of Millbrook, tn the said County.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for protecting and securing the Hot Baths and Springs, within the City of Bath, from Injury by Incroachments and Annoyances; for enlarging or rebuilding the present Pump Rooms there; for widening certain Streets, Lanes, and Publick Passages, and for making certain new Streets and Railages, to render the Approaches to the said Hot Baths, Springs, and Pump Rooms, more safe and commodious.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or from near to Cranford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Coda or Park ALL', to or near Ptnxion ALU, in the said County.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, within the Liberty of the City of Westminster; for repairing the Highways, regulating the Beadles,

Watch, and Patrol; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances within several of the Streets and other publick Passages and Places within the said Parish; and for other Purposes relating to the said Parish.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for reviving certain Powers granted by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing such of the open Parts of the Dislritl called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the County of York, as lie within the Eleven Constableries thereof; and for other Purposes therein ;mentioned; and by an Act of the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for amending the said former Act, and for making the said two Acts more effectual.

4< The Preamble recites. That by 10 Geo. 3. William Hil!r Joseph Butler, William Chippendale, John Flintoff, and Thomas Furness, were appointed Commissioners to carry the Act into Execution; and that by 14 Geo. 3. Richard Richardson of Darlington, Land Surveyor, was added to the other Commissioners, and that by the first-mentioned Act, Powers were given to make Exchanges, and to borrow 50 s.

per Acre by Mortgage. It Rates that the Commissioners executed their general Award; and that Jfpb Butler, William Chippendale, John Flintoff, and Thomas Furness, four of the Commissioners, are since dead, whereby William Hill and Richard Richardson are become the only surviving Commissioners: It abb re- cites, that some Exchanges were made, and that other Exchanges are desirable, and that the Award was executed before the Tenants for Life coul J ascertain the Charges; and the Expediency of appointing a third Commissioner. It is therefore enacted, That John Bainbridge, of the Parish of Panal, in the County of York, Land Surveyor, Hull be added to the two surviving Commissioners. On Death or Re- fufal to act of any Commissioner, another to be appointed by the surviving Commissioners. Parties interested empowered to exchange Lands. of exchanged for Freehold to be Freehold, and so vice versa. No Land held by Ecclesiastical Right to be exchanged without the Licence of the Archbishop of York, or the Bishop of the Diocese, and the Patron of the Advowson. Tenants for Life may borrow on Allotments as they could have done under the former Acts, intereil of Money borrowed to be duly paid. Provision fur eRabluhing the Out-boundaries of the Forest Lands lying open so Wallcs of other Places. Other Parties empowered to exchange for the better settling the boundaries."

IX. AND whereas, by the said Act of the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, a certain Spot of Waste 20o Acres ?1-4 A Land, containing two hundred Acres, adjoining or near to certain Wells or Springs of medi- lotted a*. Har-

cinal Waters, called Harrougate Spates (to which, during the Summer Sc.don, great Numbers of Persons r0*'pae for the

did then and do Rill resort to receive the Benefit of the said Waters), was directed to be set out by the said Commissioners therein named, and such Number of Cattle belonging to Freeholders and Copyholders of $pawi.

the Constableries of Hilton with ILirrowgate, and Beckwith with Rofct, or either of them, was to be *9 Geo. III. 4 P c kept

Commissioners may make Rules for preventing and punishing A Doles.

644 C. 76. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. A.D. 1789.

kept thereon as should be (and as hath accordingly been) specified in the said general Award of the said Commissioners; and it was by the said Act enacted that the said Spot of Land mould for ever thereafter remain open and uninclosed, and that all Persons should have, use, and enjoy full and free Ingrefe, Egress, and Regress, in, upon, and over the same; but by reason no sufficient Powers or Directions were granted or contained in the said Act for levelling or draining the said Spot of Land, or for planting or otherwise improving the same, the said Land hath not afforded to the Persons resorting to Harrowgat for the Benefit of the said Waters, the Benefits by the said Act intended; nor were any Provisions made by the said Act for securing the said Springs of Water from Pollution or other Injury: And whereas there are lying open and contiguous to the said Spot of Waste Land, several small Slips of Ground on the Sides of several Roads there, containing by Estimation fifteen Acres and upwards, the Property and Soil whereof appertain to his Majesty as Parcel of the Honour of Knaresborough: And in order that the said Spot of Waste may be gradually improved by Inclosure and Trees planted thereon for Shelter and Ornament, without diminishing the Quantity of two hundred Acres, by the said Act directed to be left open for the Purposes aforesaid, his Majesty is graciously consenting, that the said Slips of Ground shall be united to the said Spot of Waste Land, and be deemed and taken as Part thereof:* Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Slips of Ground shall become, and from henceforth be and for ever remain subject to ail and every the same Uses and Purposes as the said Spot of Waste Land is by virtue of the said Act, or otherwise howsoever, subject and liable to, and shall be united therewith, and considered and taken as Part thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Writing under their Hands, to make such Rules, Orders, and Directions (not being repugnant to Law) as well for preventing and punishing any Abuses, by turning or keeping of Cattle on the said Spot of Walk Land augmented as aforesaid, contrary to the Stint limited in that Behalf by the said general Award; as also for draining or levelling, or otherwise improving the said Land by planting Trees thereon for Shelter and Ornament, and making Walks and Paths in, on, or over the lame, and for protecting the said Springs called Harrowgate Spaws, from Pollution or other Injury, as they shall think best: adapted to secure to the Persons resorting to the said Waters the several Benefits intended them by the said Act, and for inflicting such moderate Penalties for any wilful Breach, Disobedience, or Non-observance of such Rules and Orders respectively, not exceeding forty Shillings for any one Offence, as the said Commissioners, or any two of them, shall think reasonable and expedient; which Penalties, with all incidental Charges, shall and may be recoverable and recovered upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, before anyone Justice of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, on the Oath of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Offender or Offenders; and one Moiety of such Penalties shall, when received and levied, be applied towards draining or improving the said Land, and the other Moiety thereof shall belong and be paid to the Prosecutor: Provided always, That no Conviction under any Rule or Order to be made by virtue of this Act, or the Payment or Recovery of any Penalty to be incurred for any such Offence as aforesaid, shall release or discharge the Offender or Offenders from any Action at Law to be brought or commenced for special Damages sustained by any Person or Persons by means of the said Offence, nor be pleaded or pleadable in bar to any such Action; but if the Plaintiff', in any Action to be commenced after any Conviction of the Defendant, and Payment of the Penalty incurred, and obtaining a Verdict or Judgment therein, shall not recover in Damages a larger Sum than the Penalty so paid, in that Case the Plaintiff shall recover no more Colts than Damages; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas the Rules and Orders to be made by virtue of this Act: touching or concerning the said Spot of Waste Land augmented as aforesaid, or for the Protection of the said Springs, may, after the Authorities given to the said Commissioners by this Act shall have expired, require Alteration or Enlargement Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Powers of the said Commissioners granted by this Act shall have ceased, it shall and may be lawful to* and for the Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, upon the Application, in a summary Way of the Owners of the greater Number of the Cattle Gates ij[ion the said Spot of Land, to vary, alter, or enlarge, all or any of the said Rules or Orders, as the said Court shall from Time to Time think expedient (such Alterations or Enlargements not being repugnant to Law), so that Notice of every intended Application to the said Court, specifying the particular Objects or Purposes thereof, and the Names of the Persons intending to make such Application, shall be publickly read by the Minister of Harrowgate, in the Chapel there, immediately after Morning Prayers, on the four successive Sundays next preceding such intended Application; and an Affidavit to verify the same shall be filed in the said Court; and so that the said Court shall in no-wife increase or impose any Penalty exceeding forty Shillings for the Breach or Disobedience of any such Order or Rule.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Rules and Orders, which shall be made by the Authority of this Act, shall be filed with the Steward of the Honour of Knaresborough aforesaid, amongst the Proceedings of the Courts of the said Honour; and that a Co^y thereof, in a fair legible Hand, shall at all Times be kept affixed in some conspicuous Part of Harrowgate Chapel; and that none of such Rules, Orders, or Directions, or any Alterations or Enlargement thereof, shall be binding or in force until after a Copy thereof shall have been affixed in a conspicuous Parc of the said Chapel, for the Space of one Calendar Month, and until the same shall have been approved of and consented to, by Writing under the Hands of the Owners of the greater Number of the Cattle Gates upon the said Spot of Land, after the affixing thereof in the Chapel as aforesaid; any Thing hereia before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

For vesting a IV wer to alter Rule* afier the Authority of the Commissioners shall ccale.

Orders to be filed at Knaresborough.

---

A.D. 1789. Anno vicesimo nono Georgii III. c. 76 - 78. 645

[Restrictions.]

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to extend, to give to, or vest in the said Commissioners, or any two of them, or the said Court of Duchy Chamber, any Power or Authority to change, vary, or alter the Rule for stinting the said Land as prescribed or provided by the said general Award, nor to assess, charge, or subject any Person or Persons whatever, to or with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, in or about, or by reason or means, or on account of the draining, levelling or planting upon the said Land, or other Improvements thereof, or for protecting the said Springs of Water, or other Matter directed to be done by any such Rules, Orders, or Directions, to be made or given as aforesaid, save only to the laying out and expending such Sums of Money as any Person or Persons shall voluntarily contribute to the Expences incident to such Improvements as shall be directed to be made by or in pursuance of any such Rules, Orders, or Directions.

[Ground to be inclosed from the Waste Land, &c. not to exceed the Quantity herein mentioned.]

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Ground to be taken up and inclosed from the said Spot of Waste Land, and the said Slips of Ground, so as aforesaid added thereto, whether it be for the Purpose of a gradual Improvement of the whole, or for raising and protecting any Trees thereon, or for any other Purpose whatever, shall in nowise, at any one Time, exceed the Quantity which the whole shall be found on Admeasurement to exceed two hundred Acres, Roads and Paths included; and for the Certainty thereof, the said Commissioners, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and required to make an exact Survey and Admeasurement thereof, and to file the same amongst the Proceedings of the Courts of the Honour of Knaresborough, for the safe Custody thereof, and Inspection of all Parties concerned.

[Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall conceive himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any such Rule, Order, or Direction, by the said Commissioners, or any of them, touching or concerning the said Spot of Land, augmented as aforesaid, or by any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to be done by the said Commissioners, or any of them in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, he, she, or they, shall and may, and are hereby severally authorised and empowered to appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the West Riding of the said County of York, within three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen; and the Justices in their said Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy such Costs by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties made liable to the Payment thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and every Determination, Order, and Award of the said Justices upon every such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be subject or liable to Removal or Transmission by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for continuing and making more effectual the Acts of Parliament for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the Opea Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of West Haddlesey, Chapel Haddlesey, and East Haddlesey, and Temple Hirst, in the Parish of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Index removed.]

