THE

Statutes At Large

From the Second Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD

To the End of

The Last SESSION of PARLIAMENT.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private

Statutes during that Time.

With a COPIOUS INDEX.

AND

An APPENDIX, confiding of Obsolete and Curious ACTS, some of which were never before printed.

VOLUME the NINTH.

LONDON:

Printed for Mark Basket, Printer to the king's Most Excellent Majesty, and by the Assigns of Robert Basket

And by Henry Woodfall and William Strahan, Law Printers to the king's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXVI

The EDITOR to the READER.

---

IN the Preface to the First Volume, the Editor hath endeavoured to explain the Method of passing our ancient Acts of Parliament, and to reconcile some contradictory Authorities on that Subject. He hath likewise offered some general observations on the Statute Laws of this Kingdom; and concluded with specifying the Plan he proposed to pursue throughout the Courieof the Work: From which he hath found no Reason to make any Deviation. It now only remains therefore to take Notice of such matter as hath since occurred in his Progress through these Volumes; as also more particularly to explain the Method which hath been pursued in the Arrangement of the Table; and lastly, to give some Account of the Statutes which are printed separately in the Appendix.

Since the Preface was written, it hath occurred that in the fourth Section of the is Edi. fiat. 4. there is an Error in the Translation which runs through all the Editions now extant; wherein the Conufors are made to acknowledge the man nor of B. with the Appurtenances, to be the Right of our Lord the King, which he hath of their Gift, C Whereas it ought to be that the Conufors acknowledge the

Manor, C to be the Right of R. that is, of Sir Robert the Conufee. -- -- -- -- -- -- By this

Statute, which prescribes the Method of passing Fines, the first: Thing to be done is for the Pleader to afkof the Justice Conge de accorder, or Licence to agree. To which the Justice answers, naming one of the Parties, What will Sir R. give (that is, what will he pay for the Fine to the King?) "Then when they be agreed of the Sum of Money "that mufi be given to the King, the fufiice fall say, Cry the Peace: And after the "Pleader fie all say, Jnfomuch as Peace is licensed unto you, that W. S. and A. his "Wise, (the Conufors) that here be, do acknowledge the Manor of B. with the Appurts, to

* In the old Editions it is printed, What saith Sir R? which is not reconcileable with any Meaning whatever. This gross Inaccuracy was corrected by Mr Cay, who altered it to Who will give? and his Correction is retained in the Margin of the present Edition. But on farther Conftderation, it is submitted to the reader's Judgement whether the above Translation What will Sir r.give? is not nearer to the true Sense In the Original French it is to be observed, that the Pronoun relative que is used, Spue domra sirr? but if we render it tfho will give? it should be the Pronoun personal qui. There is another Circumllance in favour of this Translation, which is that the Verb nomera in grammatical Order, refers to the Justice who names the ' Party, and not (as Lord Coke supposes) to the Pleader or Sergeant; who mull: name him if the Question Hands who? Beside, the Question What will Sir Robert give? seems more naturally to precede the next Section; which supposes the Sum given to be agreed on, in consequence of that Question: : it may be added, that this is the Question now alked on acknowledging a Fine at Bar.

A. 2 - "bt

IV

Tiie EDITOR

, L be the Right of R, (the Comtfce) 'which he hath of their Gift!' Now there can be no pretence to suppose the king's Right to thepremifes to be acknowledged in this Place, for it is evident the King here can have no Claim but for the Fine upon the Licence, which is called Finis pro Licentia concorddndi*: And the Foundation of this Claim to the Fine is, that by reason of the Concord between the Parties, the King loseth the Fines or Amerciaments upon the Judgement or Nonsuit, with other Advantages. As the Ad (lauds in the old Translations, it is wholly unintelligible; and it is the more necessary to (late it in a perspicuous Light, as it is of great Use, not only in explaining the subsequent Acts of Henry the Vllth and Henry the Vlllth, chut also toward enabling the Student to form a right Undemanding of the present Method of acknowledging Fines at Bar.

Here likewise may be noted a material Error in the 31 Eliz. C 7. against the erecting and maintaining Cottages, which is corrected by a marginal Note. In the later Editions it is said that no Cottage shall be built, C unless the Cottager do lay to the same four Acres of Ground at the lead, being his or her own Freehold or Inheritance, lying near the same Cottage, chut in Raftal and other old Editions, and likewise in 2 Inst. the Words are "his or her own Freehold

and Inheritance j" and upon examining the Record they appear to be right.

The Millake of printing this Clause in the Disjunctive might probably influence a late Adjudication in the Case of the King against Savoury, which was to this Effect. The Bishop of Norwich demised to Savoury eighty Acres, to hold to him and his Heirs for three Lives: Savoury erected a Cottage on the Land, and was indided for having erected the same without having laid thereto four Acres of his own Freehold tz/zt/inheritance: But the later Editions being referred to, where the Words are in the Disjunctive, the Court held that the Defendant had complied with the Terms of the Statute; and he was accordingly acquitted. Taking the Clause however in the Copulative, as it (lands jn the Record, it (hold seem according to Lord Coke's Comment, that "neither "Grounds held by Copy, or for Life or Lives, or for any Number of Years, will "serve."

A Mistake of a similar Nature runs through all the Editions in the 6 Geo. 1. C 23. § 7. where instead of the Words order or contract, it (hold fcand order and contract. An Error which makes a very material Variation in the Sense.

Among the Acts of the present King the following Errors likewise deserve Notice, In the 2 Geo. 3. C 21 .for Laving the Streets, See. there is a Reference at Clause 44. to an Act made in the twelfth of King George the Second; whereas the Ad referred to was made in the twelfth of George the First. In the 2 Geo. 3. C 25. for naturalising foreign Frotefiants, there is likewise a Reference, at Clause 2, to an Act made in the fourth of George the First, whereas the Ad referred to was made in

* This Fine pro licentia■concordandl, is sometimes called the king's Silver, and the pofl Fine, It is called the post Fine in contradistinction from the primer Fine, or Prefine In the Hamper; for in every Real Action of Lands and Tenements of the yearly Value of five Marks, there is due upon the Original, for every five Marks, 6j. Sd to the Hamper or Haniper: And' a Writ of Covenant is held to be a real Writ for which Arch Fine is paid. But thepojl Fine is not due until the Conge d'accorder or Licence to agree be granted by the Court, and.it amounts to as much as the primer Fine, and half as. much more. 2. Inji, 511

to the READER.

the fourth of George the Second. These however are not Errors of the Press, the Editor having carefully consulted the Parliament Rolls, wherewith the printed Statute corresponds. He therefore thought it did not become him to correct these Mistakes in the Text, but he hath redlified them in the Margin. For other more, trivial Inaccuracies the Reader is referred to the List of Errata hereto subjoined.

With regard to the Table, it is near a third more copious than any now extant. Among the Heads which have received the moftconsiderable Additions are certtorarir Cojls, Cujioms, Damages, Excise, Exchequer, Felony, General Issue, Scotland, Seamen and Ships. Under Title Felony, there is added a List of Felonies both within and without Clergy, alphabetically classed; so that the Reader may at one View see what Offences belong to either Class. *. new Heads are likewise added; and some Alterations have been made in the Disposition of the Articles, with a view to assist the' Reader in the Course of his Researches. For this Purpose the Editor has been particularly attentive to specify all the relative Titles under each Head; and to facilitate the referring from the various Articles of one Head to those in another, each Article is numbered. As there are several Articles which may, without Impropriety, be classed under several general Heads, and as these will occur differently to different Readers, they who do not find the Matter they are in search of under the Head to which? they resort, will be referred to the Title under which it is classed, and directed to the very Article by Means of this numerical Arrangement. For Example, suppose the Reader should have occasion to search for the Act obliging Masters of Ships in. the Plantations to carry Seamen for his majesty's Service, he will not find the desired. Informatiou under the Titles Ships or Plantations. Eut under each of these Titles he will meet with a Reference directing him to Title Seamen, Art. 54. where he will fee: an Abstract of the very Clause which is the Object of his Inquiry.

This numerical Arrangement will also be found extremely nfeful, where the Relation between the Titles is not so obvious. It is moreover to be observed that in some Cases the Article referred to does not, at first Sight, appear to have any Relation whatever with the Title from whence the Reference is made. But if the Reader will consult the Clause of the Statute quoted, he will discover the Connexion. Thus,, under the Title Alehouses, there is a Reference to the Title Coffee, Art. 14. in which? Article there is no Expression which implies any Relation with the Title Alehousesr but by perilling the Clause of the Statute, the Connexion will evidently appear.. In this Case therefore the Figures are likewise of Angular Use, for without such numerical Direction, the Reader might peruse every Article without discovering that in which the Relation is to be found.

In some Instances however, References are made to the correlative Titles, without: any numerical Direction to particular Articles. This happens where the Relation is so very intimate, that all or the greater Part of the Articles under, the Head referred tor, have an obvious and reciprocal Connexion with the Head from whence the Reference is made. References are also, in some Instances, made to correlative Heads, merely with a View of assisting the young Student to form an Analysis of the Subject before him. Thus, under the Title Purchasers, the Reader is diredkd to Bankrupt, Charitable tjfes, Fraud, Judgments, Recognizances, Recovery, ca

dreadful Catalogue! and daily multiplying!

With

VI

The EDITOR

With regard to the Acts printed separately in the Appendix, the first which appears moil worthy of Observation, is the famous Dictum de Kenelworth, made in the 51 of Henry III containing the Award made between the King and his Commons, which affords a tf riking Picture of the miserable State of Government among our feudal Ancestors. The Intent of this Award, for it seems to be improperly called a Statute, was apparently to quiet those who feared to be difmherited, on account of the Part they took against the King in the Civil Wars, and to ascertain what the Offenders were to pay for their Ransom. Among the rest we meet with the following curious Clause, the Purport of which is, that "Knights and Esquires who were Robbers, and among "the principal Robbers in Wars and Plunderings, if they have no Lands but have C Goods, shall pay half of their Goods for their Redemption; and find sufficient ""henceforth * to keep the Peace of the King and the Kingdom." How deplorable must have been the Poverty of these Times, and the Weakness of civil institutions!

The next Act which merits particular Notice, is the Statute of 16 Edw. II revoking an Establishment of the Household, as being too reftridtive on his Majesty, and against the Dignity of his Crown. The Establishment hereby revoked was made in the 3d o f Edw. II in Ease of the People oppressed with Purveyance; and about this Time the king's House was new formed, and every officer's Charge and Salary was limited sin these early Times the king's Household was frequently reformed at the Petition of the People. It underwent a Reformation in 36 Edw. III and again in the ift of Richard II Such Liberties were taken with that weak Prince, that a com million J was granted, at the Petition of the Commons, to survey and abate the Household, which not having the desired Effect, the Commons soon after petitioned that the excessive Number of his menial Servants might be reduced, and that his Household might not exceed the ordinary Revenues of the Realm. In the 4th of Hen. IV likewise a Reformation was made in the Household, whereby the Charge was limited to 1600 Marks. And Edw the ivth, in the twelfth Year of his Reign, settled a new Form, which, as Sir Robert Cotton faith, is extant in many Hands, entitled, Ordinances for the kings houj'e. This Book, he tells us, was amended by Cardinal Wolsey, and was, in the lime of this great Antiquarian, the Groundwork of the then efta blifliment. He observes, however, that it wjis much corrupted, and proposes either to put down the Tables, and leave all Attendants to Allowance of Money, or else by restoring the Hall again, to reduce the Household to the most magnificent Order. .So all Things, he adds, being spent in Public, will be to the king's Honour, and secret Waste will be prevented. For he concludes, that every back door in the Court costs the King 20001, yearly.

It is to be observed likewise, that to ease the Charge of the king's Household, the Queens in former Times have allowed a Portion of their Jointure adequate to their own

* The Words in the Latin are, quod amoch pacem fervabunt, C The Word amocu is an obsolete Adverb, which signifies henceforth: And in the marginal Note, the Reader will perceive that a gross Error has intervened; for instead of distinguishing it as an Adverb, according to the editor's Intention, it Hands altered to quoadmodo, a Word not to be found in the Language.

t Cotton's Poll. 166. X This Commission is printed in the appendix

4, Expense:

to the READER.

VII

Expense: And, among others, the Queen of Henry VI allowed 2000/. a Year out of her Jointure for this Purpose.

this Place like wise the famous Statute of the 4th of Hen. VII C 19. inflicting the Penalty for decaying of Houses of Husbandry, or not laying of convenient Land for the Maintenance of the same, deserves particular Attention. About this Time, says Lord Bacon \, Enclosures began to be frequent, whereby arable Land, which could not be manured without many Hands, was turned into Pasture, which was eaffly managed by a few Herdsmen; and the Tenancies for Years, Lives, and at Will, on which moflof the Yeomanry subsisted, were turned into Demesnes. This bred a Decay of People, and by consequence, a Decay of Towns, Churches, Tithes, and the like.. This, in the End, was attended, with a Diminution of Sublidies and Taxes: For the more Gentry, the lower is the Book of Subsidies. To remedy this Inconvenience, the Legislature. devised a very prudent Expedient. They did not absolutely forbid Enclosures, for that would have been forbidding Men to improve their Patrimony: Neither did they compel Tillage, for that would have been to strive against Nature: But they took a midway, which redressed the Grievance by way of Consequence. For they enacted.. "all Houses of Husbandry, which were used with twenty Acres of Ground and "upward, should be maintained and kept up for ever, together with a competent "Proportion of Land to be used and occupied with them." By this Means the Houses being kept up, did of necessity enforce Inhabitants; and the Proportion of Land to be occupied with them, did require such Inhabitant to be a Man of Substance, who might keep Servants, and contribute to the Improvement of Agriculture. This tended greatly to increase the Military Strength of the Nation; as by Means of these Farms, a great Part of the Lands of the Kingdom were thrown into the Hands of the Yeomanry or middle People, who were of a Condition between Gentlemen and Peasants, and made excellent Infantry J. Harrington and other Political Writers, very justly consider this Act among the principal Causes which concurred to throw the Power into the Hands of the People. Indeed it was the ruling Policy of this Prince, to raise the Commons by deprefiing the Nobility. With this View were the Statutes made against: Retainers, which deprived the Lords of their Dependants, being mostly young Gentlemen of Family, who made excellent Horsemen. Thus, as by these laws the Nobility lost their Cavalry, so by the Statute before mentioned, they were also deprived of their Infantry: And the Weight of both was thereby thrown into the: popular Scale.

We proceed, in chronological Order, to the memorable Act of the 4th of Hen. VIIL. cs. concerning Richard Strode. This has been marked, both by Mr. Hawkins and Mr. Cay, as a Private Act. Nevertheless it has been by great Authorities considered as a general Law. Lord Coke says, that the latter Branch of the second Clause is general.

* cotton's Poll. 168. f Lord Bacon, Vol. II P. 294.

% It is submitted to Public Consideration, whether some Provision is not requisite at this Time, to prevent the engrossing of large Farms into one Hand: For though it may be more for the present Ease and Benefit of the Landlord to have one overgrown opulent Tenant, than to have several of moderate circum stances; yet such a monopolising of Farms seems to have a manifest Tendency to depopulate the Kingdom.

and

The EDITOR

vl?i

and declaratory of the ancient Law and Cufiom of Parliament and this Opinion is iupported by the following Resolution of the House of Lords:

"Resolved, C that the a<51 of Parliament 4 Hen. VIII commonly entitled, can * a<51 concerning Richard Stroud, ' "is a general Law, extending to indemnify all and every of the Members of both Lloufes of Parliament, in all Parliaments touching any Bills, speaking, reasoning, and declaring, of any Matter or Matters concerning the Parliament, to be communed and treated of, and is a declaratory Law of the ancient and necessary Rights and Privileges of Parliament." The Commons likewise, on the Consideration of this Act, held, that whatever concerns Privilege of Parliament, mull be a general Law •f'.

But with regard to Lord Coke, it mud be observed, that he has mifquoted the. Words of the Statute. He says, it is enacted, That "all Suits, C from that Time "and thenceforth, to be put and had upon any Member, either oj that present ""or at any Parliament at any Time after that Ad to be held, for any "Bills, speaking, reasoning, or declaring, of any Matter or Matters concerning the "Parliament to be communed or treated of, be utterly void, enough the Words of the Ad are, that "all Suits, C put or had, or hereafter to be put or had unto or ** upon the Paid Richard, and to every other of the Perjon or Pejfons above specified, that "now be of this present Parliament, or that of any Parliament thereafter, shall be, &c.'\

This Act, it mult be confdfed, is not very accurately worded. But the Provision .of the foregoing Clause is evidently retrofpedive, and by grammatical Construction seems confined to Richard Strode, and to every other of the Person or Persons above specified: that is, to the Persons who agreed with him in bringing in certain Bills to Parliament concerning the Tinners, which made him obnoxious to the Stannary Court, by the Authority of which he was condemned and imprisoned, cit

is true that the Words, "or that of any Parliament thereafter, shall be, C do seem to intend a general Import: But to make the Clause general, something muffc be supplied, and it mull be amplified thus — — That all such Suits, C put upon the said Richard, and every other of the Person or Persons before specified, or hereafter to be put on any other Member or Members, that now be, or hereafter fall be, cit

is to be cbferved likewise, that it was considered in a reftridive Sense by the Judges in the 5 of Car. I. to whom a Question was propounded by the Attorney General upon this Act, and they resolved that this Statute "was a particular Ad of Par ""and extended only to Richard Strode and to those Persons that had joined "with him to prefer a Bill to the Iloufe of Commons concerning the Tinners: " But they added "that although the Ad be private, and extendeth to them alone, yet it "was no more than all other Parliament Men, by Privilege of House, ought to have, u C viz. Freedom of Speech concerning the Matters debated in Parliament, in a parliamentary Course f

§ 4 Inst. 9.

■f See grey's Park Debates, 38,

* See the lord's Journal, Die Mercurii, 1667.

J See rujhivorth's Collections, cz.

With

to the READER.

With regard to the Resolutions of the two Houses, it mu ft be remembered that they were formed flagrante ira, on occasion of the Debate concerning the arbitrary Proceedings against Sir John Elliot, Denzill Hollis, ca Time when the Contests be' ‘ tween Privilege and Prerogative were carried to the most desperate Extremes; and when many unwarrantable Claims were afterted on each Side, and endeavoured to be supported by draining and perverting every kind of Evidence which could give Colour to unjustifiable Conclusions ^

Point however, concerning the Freedom of parliamentary Debate, was happily adjusted at the late Revolution; and it is declared by the Bill of Rights — "That "the Freedom of Speech, and Debates or Proceedings in Parliament, ought not to "be impeached or questioned in any Court or Place out of Parliament."

Particular Notice likewise is due to the 28th Hen. VIII cy. concerning the Succession of the Crown: This is not inserted in the Editions of Sergeant Hawkins, or Mr. Cay. They both consider it as repealed by 1 Mary, Sejf, 2. C 1. which is also printed in this Appendix. But the Sergeant has added, that it is revived by 1 Eliz. C 1. Dr. Gibson likewise speaks of it as repealed f, but in the Case of Harrison and Burwell Vaughan argues on a Supposition of its being unrepealed. Supposing it however to be repealed by 1 Mary, Sejf. 2. C 1. it does not appear to be revived by 1 Eliz. C 1. as the Sergeant supposes.. But indeed it may very well be doubted whether it be wholly repealed by the Statute of Mary: For after reciting the 25 and 28 of Hen. it is by the third Clause of that Statute enacted ""as well the said Act of Parliament inti "tied, An Act declaring the Eflabliflment of the Succejjion, C made in the 25th "Year of your Father, be repealed, ' as also all and every such Clauses, Articles,

C Branches, and Matters, contained and expressed in the aforesaid Act of Parliament,

"made in the said 28th Year, or in any other Actor Acts of Parliament, as whereby "your Highness is declared to be illegitimate, C shall be repealed." Hereby the Act of the 25th is wholly repealed, and the Act of the 28th seems to be no farther repealed, than with respect to those Clauses which declare the illegitimacy of Mary. Therefore it may reasonably be supposed to stand in Force as to other Points which do not regard that Subject; and it contains some Clauses concerning the Degrees of Marriage prohibited by god's Law, and against the Power of dispensing with Marriages. within such Degrees, which are well worthy of observation. It is happy for the Cause of Religion and Liberty, that this Prince found the Pope refradtory. Had the Pope favoured Henry's Inconstancy, he probably would never have disputed the Validity of his holinefs's Dispensations. For that he had no Aversion to Papistical Tenets, may be collected from the succeeding Act in this Appendix, viz.

The 31 Hen. VIII C 14. "For abolishing Diversity of Opinions in certain Articles "concerning Christian Religion." This and some other very singular Acts of this Reign, seem to be levelled more against the Pope than against Popery. By this Act it is most solemnly resolved and agreed, that Priests may not marry, and that private Mafes, and auricular Confession, are expedient, and necessary to be retained: With other extraordinary Resolutions, which it is made Felony without Clergy to contradict.

t Burn's Ecclefiaftjcal Law, Vol. II

p. 5.

SX

a

$ 2 Vent. g

Of

X

The EDITOR

Of a Piece with these Resolutions, are several Clauses of this Acts, which confound all Degrees of Offence, and all Difxindtions of Morality. By the 8th Clause it is enacted, "That if any Priest keep or use any Woman, to whom he is, or hath been "married, or with whom he hath contradfed Matrimony; every such carnal Use, ct open Conversation, c shall be adjudged Felony, as well against the Man, as u a*ainft the Woman." But,

By the pth Clause it is enacted ""if any Priest do carnally use, and accustom ""Woman, or keep her as his Concubine, as by paying for her Board, maintaining "her with Money, Array, or any Gifts, C that then he shall forfeit all his Goods, "Chattels, and Benefices, C and suffer Imprisonment: And offending after Con ""shall be adjudged guilty of Felony."

Thus we find that a Priest cohabiting with a Wife, [the Malum Prohibitum by this Statute] was deemed guilty of Felony in the first Instance: Whereas by cohabiting with a Concubine, he only incurred the Forfeiture of Goods and Imprisonment for the first Offence; and was not deemed guilty of Felony until the second. So that an Offence against the Resolutions of the Convocation and Parliament, was deemed of a more heinous Nature than a Violation of the Laws of Religion and Morality.

We now come to the Consideration of the First of Edward VI for the Punishment of Vagabonds, and for the Relief of poor and impotent Persons. The Preamble recites, "That idle and vagabond Persons, being unprofitable Members,, or rather Ene ""of the Commonwealth, have been suffered to remain and increase, whom, if they. "Jhould be punished with Death, Whipping, Imprisonment, and other corporal Pain, it tc were not without their Deserts, for the Example of others." Having in this Manner declared, that these wretched Vagabonds deserved Death, C (though their Idleness was probably more the Fault of the State than of themselves) the enadting part of this severe Statute was doubtless deemed merciful: For it only enadts, that the Offender there described to be an idle Person, shall be taken before a Justice of Peace, who shall cause him to be marked with a hot Iron in the Breast, the Mark V and adjudge him to be a Slave to the Person presenting him for two Years, to be fed with Bread and Water, and to be put to Work (how vile soever it be) by beating, chaining, C and if he runs away, the Justice, on Conviction, shall cause such Slave to be marked on the Forehead, or Ball of th Cheek, with the Sign of an S, and shall farther adjudge him to be his master's Slave for ever: And if he again run away, he shall suffer Death as a Felon. There is likewise a Proviso in this Act, by which they might be sold or bequeathed by Will, as any other movable Goods or Chatties. By the 39 Eliz. C 4. also printed in this Appendix, they were to be whipped until their Bodies were bloody, or to be banished the Kingdom, or adjudged perpetually to the Galleys of the Realm.

The Editor however isfenfiblc that the Inhumanity of these Laws will admit of some Palliation, when we consider the Time when they were made, which was soon after the Dissolution of the religious Houses, which afforded an Asylum for all poor and impotent People. When these therefore were fet at large, without the Means of gaining a

3 Live

I

to the READER. XI

Livelihood, and dertitute of any Retreat where they might hope for a Provlfion, the Mischief to be apprehended from Vagrants, must certainly have been very alarming.

What next Claims our Observation is the memorable Ad of 13 Car. 2. C 33. entitled * Ad for preventing Abuses, in printing seditious, treasonable and unlicensed 4 Books and Pamphlets; and for regulating Printing and Printing Presses.' By this Act Printers are forbidden to publish any heretical, seditious, schismatical or offensive 4-

Books, and all Books and Pamphlets are to be licensed by particular Licenfers appointed according to the Nature of the Subject, and the Number of Printing Presses are hereby limited.

The Troubles which had subsisted in the late Reign, had given Birth to a free Spirit of political Inquiry, which this Statute was calculated to suppress: And it is observable, that this Act is founded on a Decree of the Star Chamber *, made in the Year 1637, which it copies without any material Variation, except, that by the Decree Offenders are to be punished as by the Honourable Court of Star Chamber, or the High Commifjion Court, shall be thought fit; whereas by the Ad they are to be punished by Disability to exercise their Profession, and such farther Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as the Justices of the King's Bench, or of Oyer and ter miner, C shall think fit. It is remarkable also, that the Preamble to this Decree of the Star Chamber takes Notice of diverse Decrees and Ordinances made for regulating Printers and Printing, in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, which are said to have been defective in some Particulars. From hence we may see what early Attempts were made to restrain this invaluable Liberty. So intolerant is the Nature of Power, wherever lodged, that they who have loudest exclaimed against such Restriction as a Badge of Slavery, were no sooner inverted with full Sway, than they began to work on the same Principles of Oppression.. About the Year 1644, the Parliament made Ordinances for restraining the Press, which were framed on the Plan of the above Star Chamber Decree; and against which Milton published a Treatise, called areopagitica f.

This Act was last continued by 1 Jac. 2. C 17. for seven Years from fiune 1685 j but. being incompatible with the noble Principles of the Revolution, it has never since been, and it is to be hoped never will be, revived J.

The Appendix likewise contains some very curious Acts never before printed, to the editor's Knowledge. Of these the first is, the Second of Henry V for the unioa

4 The Word Offensive is a Word of dangerous Latitude : But the Words are copied literatim from the Star Chamber Decree, of which Mention will be made hereafter.

* This Decree is so scarce, that it is imagined there is only one Copy extant, which is preserved in a private Library.

4 There is an Edition of the Areopagltlca published by A. Millar in 1738, with a sensible and spirited Preface, by Mr. Thomson, Author of the Seasons.

t It is impossible, however, on this Occasion to avoid lamenting the many flagrant Instances, wherein the Liberty of the Press has been lately abused by such wanton and indiferiminate Scurrility, as tends to tr.ake public Censure lose its Effedf, and render Men callous to the Stings of Reproof.

The EDITOR

xu

of the rights and Pofiefilons of the Earldom of Hereford to the Duchy of Lancaster. These possessions of the Earl of Hereford descended to Henry V as Heir to his Mother, who was the Daughter and Heiress of Humphry Bohun, Earl of Hereford, Essex and Northumberland, and Constable of England: And without this Act the King would have been seized thereof in Jure Corona; therefore this Act was necessary to sever them from the Crown, which was done by annexing' them to the Duchy of Lancaster, which had been severed before.

This Act is immediately followed by 3 Hen. V confirming the king's Letters Patent, respecting the Duchy of Lancafer and its Stewards; which provides, that the Stewards of the said Duchy hall be Justices of Peace within their Circuit; and that no Grant of anything from the Paid Duchy should pass but under the usual Seal.

For the, better understanding these Statutes, it is to be observed with regard to the dutchy of Laiicafter, that it was first erected. into a County Palatine * by the 50 Ed. III who honoured his Son fohnoi Gaunt with it for the term of his Life. It afterwards descended to Henry IV in Right of his Mother. This politic Prince knew that his Title to the Duchy was sure ana indefeazible, and that he should be seized thereof as King, not as Duke: He knew likewise, that his regal Title was, 'unjustly founded, and that he held the Sceptre by a precarious Tenure; therefore, to avoid involving his patrimonial with his regal Rights, he very prudently passed a Charter by Authority of Parliament, by which the poffi ffions of the Duchy were severed from the Crown; and thus it continued for sometime. But it is Paid, that the pofteffions of, the Duke of lancaster were not made a Ducatus until the 2 Hen. V for .in the Parliament Roll of this Year, it is entered Quodfigilla pro ducatu Lancafiria allocentur, and that it should be governed per minifros ducatus f.

The next memorable Statutes relative to this Duchy, are two Acts passed in the 1 Edw. IV being, among other Things, Acts of Forfeiture and Attainder against Henry VI his Queen Margaret, and a great Number of Noblemen and Gentlemen of the Lancajlrian Party. By these Acts the Duchy of Lancaster and the County Palatine are united, being allured to Edw. IV and his Heirs, Kings of England: And this was necessary, for without a Saving Statute, the County Palatine might have determined by the Attainder. Before these Acts, the Duchy and the County Palatine were distinct Bodies, but they are hereby made one; and a Superiority is given to the Duchy, as the supreme Name of Corporation. It is curious to observe in the Recitals to the first of these Acts, how minutely every Circumstance of Devastation and Cruelty, necessarily attendant on Civil Wars, is here enumerated and imputed wholly to the vanquished Party.

* Counties Palatine are certain Counties which have Jura Regalia for the Administration of Justice, isv. within ihemfelvcs. They are either by Prescription, such as Chester, or by Statute, as this of Lancaster. These Palatinates had their Foundation in good Policy; for it is reasonably supposed, that Lancaster, Durham and Chester were so made, because they were adjacent to Enemies Countries, viz. the two first to Scotland, and Chester to Wales. So that the Inhabitants having Administration of Justice at home, and not being obliged to attend other Courts, those Parts were not left destitute of Men, who might secure the Country from Incursions. The Power of these Counties Palatine was anciently very exorbitant, but was greatly abridged by 27 Hen. 8. C 24.

•f See 4 Injl. 204. 1 Vent. 157.

The

to the READER.

Xlll

The History of this Duchy is farther illustrated by the Act of i Henry VII for veiling the Dutchies of Lane after and Cornwall, C n Henry VII and his Heirs,. without saying Kings of England, and for settling the Duchy of Cormval on the first born Son of the said Henry. It is observable, that Henry VII derived his Title under Hairy IV and that he copied the Policy of that Prince by separating the Duchy again from the Crown.

The Reader will also find a very singular Act of the i Eliz. giving Authority to the queen's Majesty upon the Avoidance of any Archbishopric or Bishopric, to take into her Hands certain of the temporal Possessions thereof; recompensing the same with Parsonages impropriate, and Tenths. This indeed was an effectual way of securing the Revenue; and such a short and peremptory Expedient as was very confident with the Policy of this Princess.

The last of the Acts which, to the editor's Knowledge, have never been in Print before, is the Statute of 13 Car. II Jl. r. for the Regulation of the public Office of the Masters in Chancery by which the Fees are settled and the Hours of Attendance:, ascertained.

There are likewise several other Statutes in this Appendix, which do not require any Explanation or Comment 3 but which nevertheless contain not only Subjects of Curiosity to the Antiquarian, but Matter of Information to the Hillorian and pbilo fopherj who from thence may discover the Causes of many successive changes which the Constitution hath undergone : And there cannot be a more pleating and useful Exercise of the Mind, than to trace the Progress toward Refinement, through all the rude Stages of civil Policy. From such an Investigation, however, we hail be led to conclude, that fortuitous Events have often contributed, more than human. Foresight, toward its Improvement

Besides

* However the Statute Law of this Kingdom may fall short of perfection, which no human Institutions can attain, yet it ought to be prized by every Friend of our excellent Constitution;; among other Excellencies, it contains the valuable Charters by which we hold that Liberty which is our peculiar Boast. With regard to the Great Charter, though it is obsolete, so far as it regards the feudal Regulations; the 29th Clause, nevertheless, which contains general Provisions for the Preservation of public Freedom, and the Security of Property, is till in force. The Liberties of the Subject, however, are farther and more particularly ascertained by the famous Petition of Right of the 3 Car. I. whereby the Lords and Commons, among other Things, claim, that no Man be compelled to make or yield any Loan, Tax, or suchlike Charge,, but by Consent of Parliament: That no Freeman he imprisoned for such Refusal: That no Soldiers or Mariners be quartered upon the People, cit

is observable, that when the Commons had framed this Petition, and presented it to the Lords for their Concurrence, the latter thought proper to make the following Addition in the Conclusion "

"present this our humble Petition, to your Majesty, with the Care not only of preserving our owns "Liberties, but with due regard to leave entire that Sovereign Power wherewith your Majesty is trusted forr sc the protection, Safety and Happiness of the People."

This Addition produced a Conference between the two Floufes, wherein the Commons objected against' he dangerous Saving included in those Words Sovereign Power 3 and their Arguments were so cogent and

jrrefiftible,,

XIV

The EDITOR

Besides the acts printed in the Appendix, which have been omitted by late Editors, the reader will find several in the Body of the Work which are not inserted in later Editions. Some of these are promised in the Preface; such as I 72.111. touching Acts of Ccjlu'i quenfe, the $4 and 35 H. VIII C 4. concerning Bankrupts %, the 39 Eliz. respecting Poor Laws, the 13 Eliz. for making the River Lee navigable, and the 12 mo. II for improving its Navigation. There are others likewise which it has been judged expedient to insert therein, such as the 10 W. III C 1. for granting an Aid to ills Majesty for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, and the 4 and 5

W. III

irresistible, that they induced the Lords to withdraw their Addition: And they at length agreed in all Points with the Commons *.

It is worthy of Remark, with how much Difficulty his Majesty was brought to give a satisfactory Answer to this Petition. At first he answered ""King willeth, that right be done according to the Laws and "Customs of the Realm, chut this not being thought Efficiently clear and precise, the Commons pressed his Majesty to be more explicit: To which he replied, ‘c The Answer I have already given you, "was made with so good Deliberation, and approved by the Judgments of so many wise Men, that I could "not have imagined, but it should have given you full Satisfaction; but to avoid all ambiguous Interpreta 44 tions, and to show you there is no Doublenefs in my Meaning, I am willing to pleasure you in Words as "well as Substance: Read your Petition, and you shall have an Answer that I am sure will please you." Whereupon the Petition being read, the King returned the Answer, which the Reader will find in the Statute Book: Sail Droit salt come cjl desire.

But the last and most glorious Charters, by which our Liberty is secured, are the Bill of Rights, and the Act of Settlement. By these there is an actual Compact established between the King and the Subject. The Rights of the People are enumerated and asserted, the Crown is tendered and accepted, on the Condition of the king's preserving the Rights so asserted, from Violation : And public Liberty is not left to be sup.. by obsolete Precedents or litigated Interpretations.

t In the 34th and 33th of Henry the Eighth, which is the first Aft against Bankrupts, and which in this Edition is printed at large, there is a Clause which appears to be unrepealed; and which is as follows :

44 And be it enacted, That if any such Person or Persons, which shall be indebted, do withdraw "himself out of this'realm, or other the king's Dominions, into any foreign Realm or Country, to the "Intent thereby to abide and remain in Defraud of his Creditors; that then, upon Complaint in "Writing, concerning the Premises thereof, made to the said Lords, having Authority as is aforesaid ""same Lords shall, by Virtue and Authority of this present ACI, have full Power and Authority <( to award Proclamations to be made in such Places as to them shall be thought meet and convenient; commanding by the same, such Offender, in the King our Sovereign lord's Name, to re ""with all convenient Speed into this Realm, and to yield his Body before the said Lords, having "Authority as is aforesaid, or one of them; and if the said Person, within three Months next after he "shall have knowledge of such Proclamation, or as soon after as he conveniently may, do not repair tf and yield his Body as aforesaid, that then the Body of all and every such Offender and Offenders, shall ""judged, taken and deemed, to all Intents and Purposes, out of the king's Protection: : that also 44 all Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements and Debts of every such Offender, shall be, by Order of the u said Lords, employed and distributed among his Creditors, equally and indifferently. Rate for Rate, in like 4( Manner and Form as is afore declared."

This

* h or the Speeches mads on this Occasion, see rufinvorth's Collections, Vo'. I,

to the reader; XV

W. III CI for granting to their Majesties an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, C *

Editor, in ffiort, hath been careful to insert all such Statutes, however antiquated, as appeared to him to contain any useful Information, or which might afford any Infight into the Constitution; and he hath, upon the whole, endeavoured to render this Collection as complete as his Abilities and Power of Attention would allow him f. They who are best acquainted with the Difficulty of executing an Undertaking like This, will be mod: indulgent to its defects.

This Clause Teems to have provided against a Consequence not within the Letter of the subsequent sts tutes: For those Statutes only make it an Act: of Bankruptcy to depart the Realm with Intent to defraud Creditors; but if a Debtor should go abroad without such fraudulent Intent, and with the Knowledge and' Consent of his Creditors; and Should afterwards remain there, and grow in opulent Circumstances, without paying any Regard to his Creditors : In this Case it might be doubted, whether he were a Bankrupt within the Description of these Acts. But the Clause abovementioned provides a Remedy against such, as: having withdrawn themselves cut of the Realm, remain there with Intent to defraud their Creditors 3 and in this Respect is more full than the subsequent Statutes.

* The 10 TV. 3. C 1. in the later Editions, is said to be expired; but it may be questioned, whether in Part it is not still in Force. With regard to the 4 iff 5 TV. 3. C 1. all the subsequent land-tax Acts refer to it, and Affefsments are made from it. Though, properly speaking, the 1 IF 3'. C 20. which is to be found in the Appendix, is the first land-tax Adit

Among the various Proposals which have been suggested for the Improvement of this Edition, one of our Correspondents proposed our printing all the Acts relating to particular Manors. But such a Plan would have enlarged this Colledlion to a very inconvenient Size: As the Statute Laws of this Kingdom are now become so exceedingly voluminous, and are daily increafmg, both in Number and Extent, it is almost im pradlicable to retain those Acts which are merely local. For this Reason it has been usual in the later Editions to omit the Road Acts, and others, which, though they are declared to be public Acts, are nevertheless of a local and private Nature. It has been thought proper, however, to preserve the Titles of such acts in the present Edition; and some of them having been omitted in the Table of Contents to the eighth Volume, they are prefixed to the Contents of this: Though, perhaps, had they been wholly left out, ifc would have been no Loss to our Purchasers; as the Acts themselves are now never printed, even in the annual Colledlions.

Middle temple,.

Nov. 28th, 1764.

OWEN RUFFHEAD

A

ERRATA.

Ill is Ed. i.jl. 4. for what saith sirr? read what will Sir R. give? And ibid, for the Right of our Lord the King, read the Right of R.

In the marginal Note at 22 H. 8. C n. for 2 (A 3 P. & M. C 10. read 2 & 3 P. (A M. C 19.

In the Notes at the End of 32 H. 8. C 37. for i3 Car. 2. C 7. read 17 Car. 2. C 7.

In 31 El. c■ 7. for Freehold or Inheritance, read Freehold Inheritance.

In the marginal Note at 43 El. C 14. for 7 Edt. C 7. read 7 Ed. 6. C 7.

In 4 Jac. 1. C 5. §4. for Tears, read Hours.

In the Notes at the End of 12 Car. 2. C 4. for 21 Geo. 2. C 22. read 21 Geo. 2. C 2- And for 30 Geo. 2. C 18,

19. read 30 Geo. 2. e. 18, la 29.

In the Notes at the End of 11 ia 12 F. 3. e. 7. after 1 ga. 1. C 25. add 4 Gaa. 1. C it.

At the End of 6 Geo. 1. C 14. add, see 32 Geo. 2. C 34.

In 6 Geo 1. C 23. §7. for order or contract, read order and contract.

In the Notes at the End of 2 Geo. 2. C 24. for 11 Geo. 2. C 14. read 11 Geo. 2. C 24.

At the End of 3 Geo. 2. C 25. § 4. add, see 4 Geo. 2. e. 7.

In the Appendix, P. 1, for quoadamodo, read quod amodo.

In the Table, Title Leather, Art. 47. for 13 Geo■ 2. C 18. read 13 Geo. 2. C 8.

In 2 Geo. 3. C 21. § 44. for 12 Geo. 2. read 12 Geo. 1.

In 2 Geo. 3. C 25. § 2. for 4 Gra. 1. read 4 Geo. 2.

In the editor's Preface to the Reader, P. V L 29, for Art. 14. read Art. 12.

A LIST OF SUCH OF THE SUBSCRIBERS NAMES AS HAVE COME TO HAND.

[List of subscribers removed.]

A LIST of Rqad Acts, C whose Titles were omitted in the Table of Contents to the Eighth Volume.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 3 i Georgii II

43. AN ACT for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading A to and through the Borough of Lime Regis.

44. An Act for repairing the Road from the Village of Magor, to the bridge foot in the Town of Cheffilow, in the County of Monmouth; and other Roads in the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester.

45. An Act for ascertaining and colleting the Poors Rates, and for better regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondjey in the County of Surry.

46. An at to amend an AT paired in the last Sellion of Parliament, entitled. An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Par if of Baling, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or smith's Hill, to the oppofiti Shore in the County of Surry.

47. An Act for the more easy and l'peedy repairing of Public Bridges within the County of Devon.

48. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an AT of Parliament pasted in the twenty-fourth Year of his present majcity's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an AT passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from woocljlock, through Kiddington and Enjione, to Rollright Lane, and Enfow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid;; for making the said AT more effetual.

49. An Act for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

50. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the pari(li of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for repairing the Highroad leading from Brent Bridge in the County of Devon, to Gafking Gate, in or near the Borough of Plymouth, in the said County.

52. An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an AT made in the twenty sixth Year of his present majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penny Scots, or a Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which fall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town and Paris of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual : an AT passed in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, entitled. An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhoufcs within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing mid. maintaining the Poor there.

54. An Act for repealing so much of the AT of the fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, For enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an AT of the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirenceflsr Town's End to Saint john's Bridge in the County of Gloucester, as direts that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes vol.ix. ‘

and Hamlets therein named, shall pass toll free; and for repairing the Street from the High Cross in cirencester to the town's End there; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Terms and Povyers granted by the said two former ats.

55. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an AT of the twenty-fifth Year of his present majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for repairing the Post Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, from the boat house Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kilfyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Post Royd to the City of Glasgow;; for'building a Bridge cross Almond Water.

56. An Act for enlarging the Powers grunted by ah AT passed in the.eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for rendering more effectual the several Acts passed for the erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor thereof; and for making the said AT more effetual.

57. An Act for making more effetual' four several ats of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and in the tenth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty refpetively; for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton to Duncbureb, in the County of Warwick.

58. An Act to continue and render more effetual two Acts of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham to Edghitt, in the County of Warwick.

59. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Treaty at or near a Place called tvilden Ferry.

60. An Act to enlarge, alter, and render more effectual, the Term and Powers of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield in the County of Derby; and from Chesterfield to Worksop in the County of Nottingham; and other Roads therein mentioned.

61. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to Cricklad: in the County of jfilts.

62. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Little Sheffield in the County of York, through the Towns of Hatherfage, Hope, and Cajlleton, to spar rowpit Gate in the County of Derby; and from the Guide Post near barber's field's Cupola, through grihdle ford Bridge, Great Hueklow, Tidfwell, Hardgais Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton in the County of Derby.

63. An Act for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield .in the County of York.

64. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

King George the First, for repairing the Roail from the City of Gloticefter to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more cjfcftual; and the other parted in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for continuing two Acts of Parliament, the ode passed in the thirteenth Tear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Brifiol; and the other pajfeel in the fourth Tear of the Reign of his present May fly, to explain and amend the same Aft; and for making the said Acts more effectual -, and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, and for malting all the said Acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, federal other Roads.

65. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tetbury, to the Gates on the West of simond's Hall Down, and from the turnpike gate at the Top of Frocefcr Hill, to the Turnpike Road from Cirencester towards Bath; and from the Field called Bouldozvn Sleight, to the End of a Lane adjoining to the Road from Horjley to Tetbury, near Tilt up's Inn; and from the Alarkei hotfe in Tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Minchm Hampton Common; and from the said Road in Minchin Hampton Field, unto the Turnpike Road from Circncefer to Stroud, near Burnt Acts; and from the said Turnpike Road, to taylor's mill pond in chal ford Bottom, and through Hide, to the Bottom of the

Bourn Hill in the County of Glouafler.'

66. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading fi-om Christian Malford Brielge in the County of Wilts, to Shillingford Got: in the County of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall in the said County of tfilts.

67. An Act for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welch Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shreivjbury in the County of Salop.

68. An Act for amending the Road leading from Pengatc in the Parish of Weftbuty in the County of Wilts, to Lot chess Bridge, near the East End of Market laving tonne; and also the Road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the Turnpike Road near dewey's Water; and also the Road leading from Bolejboroughj to Studley Lane End:, and also the Road leading from Yarnbrook, ro the Turnpike Road at Melkjham in the said County of Wilts.

69. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act made in. the fifteenth Year of his present majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for laying a Duty of tivo Pennies. scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which Shall be brezved for Sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the Town of Kirkcaldy, and Liberties thereof

jo. ap. Act to enable the Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act passed' in this Session of Parliament, entitled. An Act for repealing so much of the Aft of the fifteenth Tear of his present Maiefy, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the thirteenth Tear of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Cirencester town's End to Saint john's brijge in the County of Gloucester, as dire Sts that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and ham lets therein named, flail pass toll free; and for repciring the Street from the High Cross in Cirencester to. the town's End there -, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;, and' for enlarging the Terms, and Powers granted by the said two former Acts; to reduce all or any. of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and for appointing additional Trustees for putting the said Acts in execution.

71. An Act for regulating, governing, preserving, and improving the Oyster Fishery in the River Colne, and Waters thereto belonging.

72. An Act for extending the Navigation of the River Colder, to or near to Sowcrby Bridge in the Parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the River Hebble, Halig or Halifax Brook, from Brookfmouth to Salter Hebble Bridge in the County of York.

73. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chazvton Pond, in the Parish of Cbawton in the County of Southampton, through Rnmfdcan Bottom, iveftmcan, ifarnford, Exton, bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Farehatn, to the Town of Gosport \ from Exton aforesaid, through Droxford, to the East End ot Sherrill Heath in the said County.

74. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of bishop's Waltham in the County of Southampton, over the Top of the Down called stephen's Castle Dozen, and through Salt Lane and Titchborne, to the Town of New Alresford; and from the Market House in the said Town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the Town of Odiham in the said County.

75. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchefcr; and from the said City, through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of steven's Cajlie Down, near the Town of bishop's Waltham in the said County; and from the said City o I Winchester, through Otiorborne, to Bargate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

76. An Act for Relief of the Coalheavers working upon the River Thames; and for enabling them to make apro vision for such of themselves as shall be Sick,. Lame, or past their Labour, and for their Widows and Orphans.

77. An Act for repairing and widening the road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhcad, to the Maypole at the upper End of Spited or Somerset Street, in tiie Parilb of S too he, near the Town of Guldeford in the County of Surry.

78. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford, to the Directing Poji near the Town of Farnham in the County of Surry.

PUBLIC ACTS.

yin HO 3 2 Georgii .IL

37. An Act for repairing and wijening the Highroad J leading from the Town of Mansfield in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleaftey, glap well. Heath and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hafiand,. to the T urnpike Road leading from the Town of, Derby, to the Town oi Che fterfield, in the County of Derby..

38. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Newhaven, and from The Four lane ends near Oakerthorpe, to ajhborne; and from the Cross Poll on ivirkfworth Moor, to join the. Road leading from Ghejhrficld, to chapel en lc frith, at or near Longflon in the County of Derby.; and from Selfton, to Annefiey. Woodhouse, in the County of Nottingham.

3.9- An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard, to the South End of West Moor; and from, the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road, through llmifler, to Kenny Gate; and from the West End of Peas Marsh Lane, to Horton Elm; and from Saint Rane Hill, to llmifler; and from White Cross, to Chillingtou Down, and from a Place called. Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges to Bridge cross, in the County of Somerset„.

The TITLES of

40. An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and for amending and rendering more eftedtual several acts for amending several Roads from the Cities of glou cefier and Brfiol, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester.

41. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present Turnpike Road at the South End of the Townftlip of Buxton, in the County of Derby.

42. An Act for making the River Start navigable, in the Counties of Hertford and Essex, from the New Bridge in the Town of Bishop Stortford, into the River Lee, near a Place called The Rye, in the County of Hertford.

43. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Chcjlirfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernfiotte lane head and also the Road branching from the said Road upon the East Moor, through Bajlow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said Roads again near ivardlow Mires; and also the Road leading between the said Road and Branch from Calver bridge, to Baftmu bridge; and also the Road from the Turnpike road near new haven House, to the Turnpike Road near Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby.

44. An Adito continue, amend, and make effectual an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An Act for repairing the Roads from the northwest Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettlam .Fields, wragbylane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or north cajl Part of the said County, and also for repairing and widening the Roads from the Well, in Eafigate, in the City of Lincoln, and from the north well End of Horncajlle, and from the Guide Post at the Eall End of Hainton, through bark with, to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act.

45. An Act for repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the T own of Soutbmolton, in the County of Devon.

46. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called The Old Gallows, in the Parish of Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, ana Sunning Hill, to Virginia jvater, in the Parish of Egham, in the County of Surry.

47. An Adito amend and explain an Act made in the third year of his present majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucelteo, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County.

48. An Act for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Aujlerlands, in the Well Riding of the County of York.

49. An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, and other paltages, within the Part of the Manor and Liberty of Norton Foie ate, otherwise Norton foley, in the County of Middlesex, which is extra parochial; and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles therein.

50. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lone, to the City of ivinche fier, and from the said City, through Hurfiey, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hurfiey aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Romficy, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longbam Brtdge and Winborne Minficr, in the County of Dorfit.

51. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath, and for amending several other Roads near the said City.

52. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Hcllotu Way on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate, where the Exeter Turnpike Road ends, to a Place called Biddaford, in the County of Devon.

53. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chapel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge, in the Town of Derby, and from the Guide Poll in the Parish of Lentor., to Sawley Ferry.

54. An Act for repairing and wideningtheroad from dews bury to Ealand, in the West Riding of the County of York.

55. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mould to the Town of Denbigh, and from thence to tal y cafn and Conway; and from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruithin, Denbigh, and the Town and Port of Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon.

56. An Act for laying a duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the Town of Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a Bridge cross the River Tweed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

57. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Leadcnham Hill, in the County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the Guide Poll at the Division of Kelham and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham.

58. An Act for establishing, regulating and maintaining a nightly Watch, and for enlightening the open Places and Streets, within the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surrey.

59. An Adito explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An All for erecting a Workhouje in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there, and for obliging the Mayor and Commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the County Rates of Devon, and for applying, for. the Relief of the Poor in the said Workhouse, certain Surplus Moneys which have formerly arisen by the assessments for raising the Land Tax in the said Town.

60. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby, to the Town of Newcafile wider Lyne, in the County of Stafford.

61. An Act for discharging the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchefier, in the County Palatine of Lane after, from the custom of. grinding their Corn and Grain, except > Malt, at certain Water Corn Mills in the said Town, called The School Mills, and for making a proper re compence to the Feoffees of such Mills.

62. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River

Clyde to the City of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge cross the said River, from the said City to the Village of G or bells. *

63. An Adito continue and amend two Acts, one made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Gequge the First, and the other in the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing cera

2 * tain

The TITLES of

tain Ronds leading from Chippenham, and for repairing several Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal so much of an Act made in the twenty-ninth Y ear of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road between the said Bridge and Lower Stanton in the County of Wilts.

64. An Act for making and completing the Navigation of the River Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the twentieth Year of his present majesty's Reign, entitled. An ai for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven s/'sunder

, land, in the County of Durham; as relates to making the said River navigable between the said two Places called South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and New Bridge, in the County of Durham.

65. An Act for continuing, amending and rendering more effectual, so much of an Act; made in the twentieth Year of his present majesty's Reign, entitled, yin Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County e/'durham; as relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and the said Port and Haven.

66. An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from stretford's Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn in the Parish of Winjianfow, in the County of Salop; and also the Road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer s Cross, to Aymdrey in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from mortimer's Cross to Aymjlrey Bridge.

67. An Act for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street, in the Parish of South Mailing, near the Town of Lews, to Glyndbridge \ and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrijlon, in the County of sujj'ex.

68. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury, through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon.

69. An Act for repairing, amending and widening the Roads from the Southwest End of Nether Bridge, in the County of wc/lmorland, by Sizerghfellftde, to le vms Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop, to Dixcs; and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid, to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road, at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall, in the County aforesaid.

70. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnfey Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross;; also the Road from the Guide Post, in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County.

71. An Act for repairing and widening the Highroad from Wetherby to grajjington, in the County of York.

PUBLICS ACTS.

Anno 33 Georgii II

33. AN Act to amend and render more effectual two 1%. Acts passed in the eleventh and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

34. An Act for making more effectual, and continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers of an

the STATUTE S.

Aft made in the twentieth Year of his present majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the City of Gloucester, towards the City of Hereford, and for. repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucefcr, in the said Act mentioned.

35. An Act for erecting Piers, and other Works, for the Security and Improvement of the Harbour of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, and for keeping the same in Repair.

36. An Act for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Oakbanipton, in the County of Devon.

37. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of' two Acts made in the fifth Year of his late Majesty, and in. the ninth Year of his present majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Beaconsfielcl in the County of Bucks, to Stoken Church, in the County of Oxon.

38. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the ttventy fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of leice/lcr, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton, in the County of Huntingdon; and by one other Act made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual the said former Act,

39. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Cbefierfield, to Matlock Bridge; and. also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge, to cross Green; and also the Road leading out of the last mentioned Road, to the Turnpike Road near Rowefy. Bridge, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for extending the Powers granted by an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of wro tbam, in the County of Kent, and from thence to the Village of Foots cray, in the said County, to the Road leading from the Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Maidflone

41. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Highroad from the Borough of Tamworth, to ajhby de la Zauch, in the County of Lei'cejlcr; and from Sawley Ferry in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate, at or near the End of Swarcliff Lane, leading to ajhby de la Zouch aforesaid.

42. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy, in the'parish of david/low, in the County of Cornwall, to the East; End of Wadebridge in the said County; and from the West End of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County.

43. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament of the eighth Year of her late Majesty Queen anne, the ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the fifteenth. Year of his present majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called The Horfejhoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northajnpton, and the Road from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, to the Florfejhoe House.

44- An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers contained in two several Acts of Parliament, made in the twelfth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Dun Cow in the Town of Dunehurcb, to the Town of hill morton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint james's End, in the Parish of Dujlon, in the County of Northampton; and for making the same Acts more effedtua).

45. An Act for extending and continuing the Navigation of the River Wey, otherwise Wye, in the County of Surry, to the Town of Godaiming, in the said County.

46. An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley, to Wo full Bridge, and also from hoo afi lanc, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter; rind from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibjlock to Meajham, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

47. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying 'in the Counties of Derby, Leieejler and Warwick.

48. An Act for diverting, altering, widening, repairing and amending the Roads fi-om the Town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the County of Lancajlcr.

eg). An Act to amend an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making the River Weaver navigable, from Frocljham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the County of Chester; and for the more effectual preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River.

50. An Acl for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Kidelerminjler, in the County of Worcester.

51. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Bought on, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch; and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the County of Stafford', and from thence to Cajlle Bromwich, and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton on Arden, in the County of Warwick, and from Cajlle Bromwich, to Birmingham in the same County.

5'2. An Act for .rebuilding, widening and enlarging the Bridge over the River Avon, in the City of bri/lol, and erecting a temporary Bridge adjoining ■, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, Ways and Passages, leading thereto, and for building another Bridge, over some other Part of the said River, within the said City, if necessary;; for opening proper Ways and Passages thereto.

$1. An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one ifrxth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter or Beer, brewed for Sale, or vended, within the town and Parish of Dalkeith.

54. An Act for raiding Money for finishing and com pleating the Repair o.' Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, and for the purchasing and taking down the Hciufes and Buildings, which ftraiien and obllruct the Faflage .to and over the .said brijge.,.

-33. An Act for amending and widening the Road from baiutr.y, to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the South Side of Worthy, .in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road, leading from Rotherham to Manchester.

56'. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw., and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to Gomhill, in the County of Durham; and for building a Bridge over the Tweed, near Coldjlream.

57. An Act for the amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading.from the thirty-nine Mile Stone, at the upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maid

Jlone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called tubb's Lake, in ithe Parish of Cranbrooke, in the said County.

58. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon, to the Parish of Brobury, and to ivbitney paf ffige, in the County, of Hereford and for building a

the STATUTES.

Bridge over the River Wye, at Bredivardine Passage, in the same County.

59. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads, leading to the Borough of Lance

Jlon, in the County of Cornwall.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 1 Georgii III

24. A N Act for repairing and widening several Roads L leading to and through the T owns of Weymouth and

Melcombe p.egis, and Dorchefler, in the County of dorj'et.

25. An Act for repairing and widening the p.oad from the East End of West Taphouse Lane, to the Borough of Lijkeard, and from thence to Coomb Row House; and also the Road from the said Borough of Lijkeard, to Crafthole, and from thence to Crimble Passage and Tar Point, and from Crafthole aforesaid, to Saint German s Beacon, in the Counties of cormva/l and Devon.

26. An Act for making, widening and repairing a Road from the Northeast Side of the Gofwell Street Road, next Iftington, in the County of Middlesex, and near to the Road called the New Road, over the Fields and Grounds to Old Street Road, opposite to the doghouse bar, and at and from the doghouse bar, to the End of Chfwell Street, by the Artillery Ground.

27. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Auftell and Lojhvithiel, and from thence to the East End of the Wejlern Taphouse Lane, in the said County.

28. An Act for enlightening the Streets within the City of Exeter, and Suburbs thereof.

29. An Act for repairing and widening, the Roads fronv Dyed Way, to Somerton; and from Gawbridge, to tin tinhullfords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Gartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset.

30. An Act for continuing and amending an Act made in the sixteenth Year of his late majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways from the City of Qlouccfter, to the Top of Birdlip FEU, arid from the Foot of the said Hill, to the Top of Crickley Hill,

31. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act passed in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual, the Powers granted by J'evercd Ails of parliament for repairing several Roads leading to the City of Bath; and for amending several other Roads near the fatd City, as directs the laying out a new Road from the Bridge at Bath, to rn.fh Hill.

32. An Act for amending and widening the Road leading, from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helfton, and ma radon, and from thence to and over marr.zion River and Bridge, and two hundred 'Feet to the We 1cward of; the said River and Bridge.

33. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act palfed in the thirty first: Year of the Reign of his late

. Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for repairing the Road from. Leeds to Sheffield, in the County of York..

■34. a11 Act for repairing and widening the Road from traveller's Rest, in the Parish of Afhburton, to Newton bujhcl, and from thence to Porches otherwise Forgers Cross, in the Parish of Highweek, in the County of Devon.

, 33. a11 Act for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngumbald, to Pattrington Creek, or Flaven, and from the Guide Poll in ivineftead, to fro dingham Gate, in or near Widow' Brant on's Farm, in

the

The TITLES of

the cour.ty of York; and for scouring and cleansing the said Creek or Haven.

36. An Act for discontinuing the Use of a Road, in the Parish of Great Packington, in the County of Warwick; and for preventing the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the thirty third Year of his late majdfty's Reign, for repairing.the Road from Stone Bridge, to Castle Bromwich, from erecting a Gate or Turnpike between Stone Bridge and the Place where the Road turns off to Colejhill, in the County, of Warwick.

37. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in pe pair, the Road leading from Fijhcrton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Hcytejbury, and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urjhfont, to the mile ftonc at the Western End of Fijhcrton Street, in the County of Wilts.

38. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Croydon, in the County of Surry,

39. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Stone to wordjjey Green Gate, and from. the West End of Biljlon Street, in Wolverhampton, to the High Street opposite the oldbujh in Dudley, and from a Place called Burnt tree, near Dudley, to Birmingham; and from the Market Cross in Wolverbamptnn, to Cannock, in the Counties of Stafford, Worcester and Warwick.

40. An Act for rendering for effectual several Acts puffed in the tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anke, in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for enlarging, amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northjleet and Gravesend, and from Gravesend to Chalk, and from Northjleet to Chalk, and from thence to the Stones End near the Parish Church of Strood, in the County of Kent,

41. An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike upon Gatherly Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road, near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winjlon, ' in the said County of Durham, and sir baiding a Bridge over the said River, at or near Winjlon Ford.

4z. An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from Whiteaofs, in the Parish of Leven in Holder nejs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the lown of Beverley, in the said County,

43. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Borough of Appleby, in the County of wejlmor land, through the Townftiip of Orton, to Kirby Kendal, and from Orton, to the Turnpike Road near Shapp, arid from Highgate near Tebay, in a Part of the Highway between Appleby and Kirby Kendal, through the Town of Kirby Steven, to the Town of Market Borough, in the said County.

44 An Act for continuing so much of an Act parted in the thirteenth Year of King Georce the Second, entitled, An Act for making more effectual two Acts of Parliament passed in the seventh and tenth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the High Roads leading to tfoc said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, as relates to the preserving and enlarging of the said Harbour.

PUBLIC ACTS,

Anno z Georgii III

39. \ N Aft for repairing and widening the Roads f \ from mullen's Pond in the County of Southamp

thc STATUTES.

tonne, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the .City of Salijlury near Willoughby Hedge; and from West ames bury to Anjllow Hill; and from Amefbury to Fiddleton; and from the New Inn in Amejbury to the End of the Parish leading to Durrington; and from Wily to cook's Floufe and Landford; and from Beacon Hill to the nag's Head, and from thence bne Mile of the Road leading to Shrewton in the County of Wilts.

40. An Act for supplying the 'Town of Halifax with Water. '

41. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts parted in the fifth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the thirteenth Year of his late Majesty King Georgs the Second, for repairing the Roads from the 'Fop of Stokenchurch Still to Enfow Bridge, through the City of Oxford, by Begbrooke, to New ifoodjlock in the County of oxon;; for repairing the Road from the Crown Alehouse, to the Turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid;; for repairing the mile ways on each Side the said City, as therein mentioned.

42. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, the p.oad from Sandon in the County of Stafford, to Bullock smithy in the County of Chefier; and from hil dcrjhne, to Draycoit in the Moors; and from Wetly Rocks, to Tean in the said County of Stafford.

43. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of sa/tajh in the County of Cornwall.

44. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh; and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to wimvuk; and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr in the County Palatine of Lancaflcr.

45. An Act for better regulating the Poor; maintaining a Nightly Watch; lighting, paving, and cleansing the Streets, Rows, and Passages;; Fire Engines and Firemen; and regulating the Hackney Coachmen, Chairmen, Carmen, and Porters; within the City of Chcffcr.

46. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Lojlwithiel Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Creed in the County of Cornivall, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanehornc; and from Dennis Water, to Three hundred Yards on the South Side of Trethtm Mill, in the Parish of Saint Justin the said County.

47. An Act for the Enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

48. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two several Acts, passed in the sixth and sixteenth Years of his late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the Roads leading from Wadefmill in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Roy ft on -, and for making the said Acts more effectual.

49. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, to the North End or Side of the Town of Marlborough, and from the said Town of Marlborough to the Village of Everley in the County of Wilts.

50. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering, several Roads leading from Taviflock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon.

5«.An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Section of Parliament, entitled, An Act'for amending, widening, anil keeping in Repair, the z Road

The TITLES of

Road leading from Fifherton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge, to the Turnpike Road at the West End of Heytefbury; and also the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Top of Red Hone Hill, in the Parish of Urflifont, to the Mile jlone at the Western end of Fifherton Stieec, in the County of Wilts.

52. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Teefc, at or near the Ferry in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Durham.

53. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Kelfctll, in the County of Salop, to tfhiflon Cross, and from thence over Barnhill Green Rudge Heath, by the Two New Inns, and to a Place called High Gate Warren in the County of Stafford.

54.. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in pe pair, the Road, from Castle street, at the End of the Town of 'hinckley, to Lutterworth Towns End, and from, or near, the Guide Post, at Walcot town's End in the County of Lcicejlcr, to the Eighty Mile Stone in Welford Field in the County of Northampton.

55. An Act for continuing and rendering more effehual an AH passed in the tenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for continuing an API pa fed in the third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale or Beer, that Shall he vended or sold within the Town of Dumfries, and Privileges thereof, for paying the Debts of the staid Town, and for building a Church, and making a Harbour there, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping, and a Duty on Goods imported and exported, into and out of the Port of the said Town, for the better repairing of the said Harbour.

56. An AH to amend and render more effectual an AH made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sankey Brook in the County of Lancaster, and for the extending and improving the said Navigation.

57. An AH to amend an AH made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Southampton and Dorfct; and for amending and widening the Road between Ringwood Gate, in the County of Southampton to Woaljbridge; and from thence to the Great Western Road, between a Place called Thick Thorn and Cajhmore Inn. ■ ■

58; An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, and for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint James,, within the Liberty of jvejlminft'er, and for enlarging the Church Yard belonging to the said Paiifti.

59. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Far rad's Common in the panth of Bradford, through Holt and Melkfuain to Homanrs Style, in the Parish of Laycock in the County of Wilts.

60. An Act for repairing and widening, the Road from the Turnpike Road at iveyhill in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Lyde Way in the County of Wilts

61. An Act for altering, widening, and amending, the Road from the North Gate of the City of Wmchejlcr, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other Places, to Nnutoivn River, and also the Road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present Turnpike Road at Andover in the County of Southampton.

62. An Act for repairing and widening the Highroad, leading from ajhborne in the County of Derby, to the Town of Leek in the County of Stafford, and from. Ryecroft Gate upon Rujhtan Common, to Congleton in the County of Chester;; also the Road leading from Blithe Mar ft) in the County of Stafford, through Chcadh, Oakctmoor, and Blare, to the Turnpike Road, from ajhborne to Buxton near Thorp in the County of Derby.

63. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the South End of Sparrows Herne on Bujhey Heath, through the Market 'Towns of Watford, Bcrkhamftead Saint Peters, and Tring, in the County of Hertford, by Pettiphers Elms, to the Turnpike Road at Walton, near Alejbury in the County of Bucks.

64. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Bridge Town Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge in the County of Devon.

65. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the White Post, on Hafelden s Wood, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Milk House Street, in the same Parish, to Caftleden s Oak, in the Parish of Biddendcn; and from Golford Green, in the said Parish of Cranbrooke, to Tamer's Vent, in the pa rifli of Benenden, all in the County of Kent.

66. An Act for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road on the Top of Whitejhect Hill, to a Place called the Hare Warren; and from thence to the Index Post, Handing near the Blandford Turnpike Road, on the Side of Harnham Hill; and also for repairing and widening the Road, from the said Index Post, to a House called Mailer baker's Farmhouse in the County of Wilts.

67. An Act for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effehual, so much of an AH made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by tioo Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads leading from Seven Oaks' to Woodfgate and Tonbridge Wells; and fromwoo&l gate to kipping's Cross, in the County of Kent; and also for repairing the Roads from Kippings Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurft Pound and pullen'r Hill, in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex;; relates to the amending, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, leading from kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurjl Pound, pullen's Hill, and Flimwell Vent aforesaid,

, An Act for building two new Churches, and providing Burial Places, within the T own of Liverpool, in thecounty Palatine of Lancaster, and for the better preserving the Pavements of the Streets in the said 'Town; and for ascertaining the Fares and Prices to be paid Carters, Carmen, Hackney Coachmen, and Chairmen, and for regulating their Behaviour within the said Town.

69. an ah for explaining and amending so much of' two ahs of the twenty seventh and twenty-ninth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned,, in the Counties of Lciccjler and Warwick, as relates to the Road between Hinckleyand Coventry.

7, 0. An AH to amend and render more effcflual several ahs made for cleansing and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein,

The TITLES of

71. An Ail for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An Act for repairing the Road front Doncaftcr, through the Parish of Penitton, in the County of York, to salter's Brook, in the County of Clicffcr; and aljo the Road from Rotherham, in the fatd County of York, to Hattcliffe Hill, in the said Parish of Penilton; and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as the same relates to the said Road between don cafer and salter's Brook.

yz. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex, through high gate in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of sand hurfl, Nnvenden, and Northiam, to Rye, 'in the said County of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to cooper's Corner in the said County of Suffix, and to pitlb's Lake in the said County of Kent.

73. An Act for repairing and widening the Roids from a certain Bridge, called James Deeping stone.bridge, to peter's Gate in Stamford in the Countyof Lincoln, and from thence to the South End of the Town of Mercot in the County of Rutland.

74.An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, entitled. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Meadbtook, which divides the Purifies of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the. County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Par if).

75. An Act for repairing and widening the Highroad leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Berry Saint Edmunds in the said County.

76. An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Poll Road near the Town of Eaverfimn, by bacon's Water, through ajhford, to the Town and Port of Hythe in the County of Kent, and from bacon's ifater, to a certain Lane, called Holy lane, in win eheap, near the City of Canterbury.

77.An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers, and also to render more effectual an Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham in the County of Denbeigh; and alio the Road from Knockin in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaiader, in Mochnant in the County of Denbeigh, and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned.

78. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market House, in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore, to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate, to Halefowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood, to Rednal Green, in the Parish of king's Norton, and from carter's Lane, to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Worcejlcr, Stafford; and Salop.

79. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Clcobury 'Mortimer; the Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the Turnpike Gate on Abbcrlcy Hill, in the Counties of Salop and worcefl'er.

80. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in re t pair, several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Letecjler and Warwick, andin the County of the City of Coventry.

81. An Act for widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Hefket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockcrniouth, and from thence by Lor tonne, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the County of Cumberland, and from Keswick, by

the STATUTES.

Dummail Rays and Ambleftde, to Kirby in Kendall in the County of Wcjhnorland; and from Plumbgarth's Cross, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the Lake called Windermere, in the County of ivejlmorland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland.

82.An Act to continue, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, For amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Tozvn of Loughborough, to Afhby de la Zouch in the County o/'leicefter; and for repairing and widening the Road, branching out of the said Road, at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempjhn, in the Counties of leicc/ler and Nottingham.

83. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Kirkby stsvcti Fligh Lane Head, in the County of wcjl morland, through Sedburgb, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Laneafter; and from Bracken Bat Gate, near Aflrigg, in the County of York, through Sedbergh, - to Kirkby Kendal, and also the Road from the four Lane Ends in Marthwaitc, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg Floufe, leading front Appleby, to Kirkby Kendal, in the said County of wcjimor letnd.

84. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Cojham, in the County of Southampton, to the City of

Chichester.

85.An Act to empower the Commissioners and Trustees named and appointed by, and in pursuance of, an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King gj orge the First, for making more effectual an Act made in the ninth Year of his majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, in the County cf Ken t, and for rejloring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, so far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye, to let the Sea and Tides into a new Cut or Channel, made in Pursuance of the said Act of the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, as far as a Wall, called ivinehetfea Wall.

86.An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for continuing several Acts relating to the Harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging the said Harbour, by making 1 an additional Dock, and building a'pier in the open" Harbour there, and for enlightening the said Dock, and for making another Dock with proper Piers in the said' Harbour, and for erecting Lighthouses, and other proper Lights, in or near the Port of Liverpool.

87. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said Town, and supplying the same with Water; and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of.an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from Colder Bridge, - to Egrement, and directing how the .said Road shall be repaired, ' and for repairing several other Roads ■ thehein mentioned, in the said County.

A

T A B L E

OF THE

Public and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the third and fourth Years of the

Reign of Georgii III

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 3 Georgii III

1. AN Aft for continuing and granting to his ma h jesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder •*- -*■ and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britan for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

3. An Act for the Regulation of his majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An Act for reftifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, entitled, An Ail for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raifecl in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six ty two; and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Aft, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

5.An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and for the making and filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship.

6. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the thirty first: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Ail for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Ajfize thereof, and to punish Persons who Shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread; so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland and for rendering the sail Aft more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8.An Act to enable such Officers, Marines and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the twenty second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exercise Trades.

9. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Viftualling and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and making good the same to the said Fund, in Manner therein mentioned.

10. An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and for appointing a Time and Place for exercising the Militia in the said Year.

11. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled. An Ail for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Ajfrze thereof, and to punish Persons who Shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

12. An Act for granting to his Majesty fevera! additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and .certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred'thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

13. An Act for more effectually fecurin^ the Payment of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allowances, and the mixing of fresh Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt.

14. An AC! for the Encouragement of John Harr if on, to publish and make known his Invention of a Machine or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

15. An act to prevent occasional Freemen from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs.

16. An AC! to empower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at greenvach, after defraying the necessary Expenses thereof, to provide for such Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital;; to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors, in the mod easy and convenient Manner; and for preventing Frauds and Abuies attending the same.

17. An AC! for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of

• Parliament; and for allowing his majesty's subjec!s to import their goods and effec!s, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon the Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in his majesty's Possession.

18. An AC! for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of 'the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three

19. An AC! for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Elundreds of Bradford, Melk

tftom and ivhorlfdown, in the County of Wilts.

20. An AC! for permitting the Importation, from Ireland, of Stale and Dirty Butter, not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter.

21. An AC! for explaining, amending, and rendering more

- effeciual, an AC! made in the nineteenth Year of the

Reign of King Henry the Seventh, entitled, "Silk Works."

32. An AC! for the further Improvement of his majesty's Revenue of Customs;; for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his majesty's Dominions.

23. An AC! to explain, amend, and render more effectual an AC! made in the last Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of westminster, the Petrifies of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint andrew's Elolbourn, which lies in the County fl/"middlefex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of lancaster which lies in the County Middlclcx, and for preventing

Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An AC! to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the eleciions of Knights of the Shire, and of Members for Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, so far as relates to the Right of Voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge,

25. An AC! to continue and amend two acts made in the twenty first and twenty-eighth Years of his late majesty's Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantation in America', and for extending the Provisions of an AC! of the thirtieth Year of his late majesty's Reign, with refpec! to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of ivar with Spain.

26. .an.aci to continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament for repairing the roads from lemf forel Mill, through Wehvyn and Stevenage, and by Cory's Mill, to Hitcben; and from Welwyn, through Codicot, to Hitcben, in the County of Hertford.

27. An AC! to continue and render more effectual two acts of Parliament for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunjlable, in the County of Bedford, to the way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford.

28. An AC! for continuing an AC! passed in the eleventh year of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which fall be brewedfor Sale, brought into, vended, tapped or sold, within the toiun of aberbro thoclc, and Liberties thereof.

29. An AC! for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two acts of Parliament of the sixth and twelfth years of his late majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Fyfeld, in the County of Berks, to Saint John s Bridge, in the County of Gloncefter, and from an Inn called the Hind's Head, in the Parish of King

Jlon Bagpwie, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which stands in the said County of Berks, and for rendering the find acts more effectual.

30. An AC! to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an AC! made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intided, Ati All to repair and widen the Road leading from god manchester, in the County Huntingdon, through Fen Stanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing Hovfe on Newmarket Heath, in the County Cambridge.

31. An AC! for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Cbarnoek, to the Bridge at the West End of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of lan cafeer.

32. An AC! for repairing the Road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the Turnpike Road leading to Sttrnp Cross, in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk.

33. An AC! for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Kirkby Kendall, in the County of Wejlmorlancl, to Kirkby Ircleth, in the County of lan cajler.

34. An AC! for repairing, widening and keeping in Reair, the Highroad leading from the fourteen Mile tone, in the Parish of Mothvcy, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery, to Llydiady Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandilo vaivi•; and from thence by Cledfulcb,

and

The TITLES of

and over Dulefs Bridge, to the Town of Llandilo rotor; and from the said Town along the Post Road, by rhvjy radar, through the County Borough of Carmarthen, and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavern Spite, in the pa rifh of Kijfig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke.

35. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, i'evcra! Roads leading from the Town of barn staple, in the County of Devon.

36. An Act for repairing, widening, turning and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of ca??ibridge to Ely, and from thence to Sohamand for building a Bridge cross the River Onzc, at or near a Place called Strewam Ferry, in the County of Cambridge..

37. An Act to continue and render more eftedu.al several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from high gate Gatehoufc, in the County of Middlesex, to Barnet blockhouj'e, in the County of Hertford, and the Road from tile Bear bin in Hadley, to' the Angel in Enfield Chase; and also Canewood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampjlcad, in the said County of Middlesex, and for repairing and widening the Road, being Part of the great North Road from London, beginning at bar net Blockhouse, and ending at the Bear Inn in Hadley aforesaid.

38. An Act for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North End of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon.

39. An Act for making a Navigation from the River Humber, by a Canal or Cut, at or near Tetney Haven, to the River Ludd, in the Parish of Alvingham, in the County of Lincoln, and for continuing the said Navigation in or near the said River, from thence, to or near the Town of Louth, in the said County.

40. An Act for maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex.

41. An Act for paving, lighting and cleansing, the City of Coventry, and its Suburbs; for preventing Annoyances therein; and for better ordering the public Wells and Pumps there.

42. An Act for continuing the Duties, and enlarging the Powers, granted by two Acts made in the fifth and twenty-fifth Years of his late majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York.

43. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road, between Qfweftry and Wrexham, at or near jvhite imr/t's House, through Llangollen, to the moll proper and commodious Joining of the Turnpike Rond leading from Wrexham to Ruthin, at or near tovarndwyrarcb • and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acre Fair Colliery, to the Finger Post, at the joining of the Road leading from Oswestry to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh.

44. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, and opening a Communication, from the House of Thomas Hughes Esquire, adjoining to Halkin Mountain to Farm ■ across the Old Post Road in gounfilli fechan, to a House at Nant y Moch, in Bagillt, in the Occupation of Thomas Gill, in the County of Flint.

45. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Lawtonj in the County of Chester, to Burfiem and nnv call under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

46. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of several Acts of Parliament for repairing the

the STATUTES.

Roads from Maidenhead Bridge to Reading; and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks.

47. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts passed in the first and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounfiow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bafngftone, near tile Town of Bagfhot, in the Parish of jvindlejham, in the County of Surrey.

48. An Act for the better cleansing and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and public Ways of the City of York, and the Suburbs thereof, and of the Liberty of Saint Peter within the said City; and for keeping the same in Repair and free from Annoyance; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Carmen and Draymen, within the same.

49. An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Saint Andrew, in the City of Canterbury: and for building a new Church in a more convenient Place.

50. An Act for veiling certain Parcels of Land in Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, in the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the said County; and appropriating the same for a Burial Ground for the said Parish.

51. An Act to amend and render more effectual so much of an Act passed in the 1 aft Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Market Floufe in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate to Halefowen, and from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, in the Parish of king's Norton, and from carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the Counties of Worceiter, Stafford, and Salop, as relates to the Road from the Turnpike Road on Dudley Wood to Rednal Green, and from carter's Lane to the Bell Inn at Northfield.

52. An Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from New Street and Pig Street, in Pcnryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County.

53. An Act for maintaining, regulating and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places, and regulating and keeping a Nightly Watch, within such Parts of the said Parish as are not within the Liberties of the Tower of London, or City of London; and to enable the parishioners to raise Money to defray the Expenses of repairing the said Parish Church.

54. An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of ivareham, in the County of Dor ft; and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings burnt down or demolished by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, and far preventing future Danger by Fire.

55. An Act for lighting the Streets and other Places, and maintaining a regular and Nightly Watch, within the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne; and for regulating the Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, Cartmen, Porters, and Watermen within the same.

56. An Act for the better paving of the Streets, and for preventing n.ufances, and other Annoyances in the Town of Gosport, in the County of Southampton.

57. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majdly King George the Sea

2 cond.

The TITLES of

cond, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby, to the Town of Ncwcafle un/ler Lyne, in the County of Stafford, and for repairing and widening the Road from Cliffcbank to Snape Marsh, in the Village of Shelton, in the County of Stafford.

58. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of two Adds of Parliament, for repairing the Highways from jvhiteehapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Woodford, in the County of Essex; and for enlightening and watching Part of the said Highway from jvhiteehapel Church to Stratford, and for repairing the Road through the Pari flies of Chigwcll and Lambourn, in the County of Essex.

59- An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 3 Georgii III

>. A N Act to enable the Right Honourable Henry Fox, t0 take, in Great Britain, the Oaths of Office, as Writer of the Tallies and Counter Tallies, and Clerk of the Pells, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the Kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify himself for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

2. An Act for naturalising Jeremiah Meyer.

3. An Act for naturalising John Vander Meulen.

4. An Act for naturalising Adolph Boon, James Des Coats, Anthony Francis Haldimand, Samuel Boucfs, and John jverner Faefch.

5. An Act for naturalising David jvolpman, John Siri, Francis Philip Fatio, David Plantier, William Stafford, and Francis Delon.

6. An Adito enable John Earl of Sandwich, Robert Nugent Eiquire, and Richard Rigby Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and receiver-general, and Paymaster General of all his majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices.

7. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Average in and upon all the ancient Enclosures, in the Township of Clifton, in the County of York, and in Bootham, in the Suburbs of the City of York -, and for dividing and enclosing the Common and Moor of Clifton aforesaid.

8. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waite Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of ivoodford, in the County of Northampton.

9. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, Heath, and Waite Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Greetbam, in the County of Rutland.

10. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed by an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing and enclosing a certain Moor or Common, within the Manor of Evenivood, and chapelry of Saint Helen's Auckland, and County of Durham, for certain Arbitrators therein named to make their Awards; and for certain Commissioners therein mentioned, to set out, divide, and allot, the said Moor or Common.

11. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, in the Manor

the STATUTES.

of Draycott, in the Parish of jvilne, in the County of Derby.

iz. An Act for dividing and enclosing the several open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Scropton, in the County of Derby.

13. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Lowton, in the County of Lancafer.

14. An Act for dividing, enclosing, and allotting, the Commons and Waste Grounds, Moss Rooms, and Parcels of Moss Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Ajllcy, in the County Palatine of lan cajler.

15. An Act for enclosing and dividing several Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Sutton, in Holdernefs, in the County of York.

16. An Act for enclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Pasture Ground, in the Manor and Parish of jvel lingore, in the County of Lincoln.

17. An Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage Settlement of Nathanael Neal Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife; and for making the same more eftedlual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage.

18. An Act for veiling Part of the settled Estate of John Lade the younger, and Hejler his Wife, situate at Barham, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold -, and for laying out the Money, to arise by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

19. An Act to diftolve the Marriage of William Hazeland Clerk, with Mary jvalley his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for enabling Anne Barbara Hill Medlycott, to take and use the Surname and Aims of Medlycott, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Medlycott Esquire, deceased.

21. An Act sot naturalising Jacob Reeffen.

22. An Act for naturalising Josiah Child, an Infant, of the Age of nine Years.

z3. An Act for naturalising Samuel Chollet, John Francis Gabriel Bize, and Samuel Grellet.

24. An Act for naturalising Abraham Fluber.

25. An Act for naturalising Rodolff Nicholas Chaillet, and Abraham Du Bois.

26. An Act for naturalising John D'orville, Michael Wiegand, John Vollraht Kettler, Cornelius Gerhard Kettler, and James Shedel.

zan Act for veiling certain Lands, Tenements, Rents, and Hereditaments, in the Parish of Tavijlock, in the County of Devon, and elsewhere in his Grace John Duke of Bedford, and for settling and alluring, in lieu thereof, a Rent Charge of greater Value, to be iltuing out of Lands and Tenements belonging to the said Duke, for the Purposes in the Bill mentioned.

28. An Act for dividing and enclosing several open and Common Fields, Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of pirt.n, in the County of jvorcejler.

29. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Childfwickham, in the County of Gloucef er,

30. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Pastures, and Common Grounds, in the Chapelry and Lordship of Marfieet, in Floldernefs, in the County of York,

31. An

The T I T L E S of

3». An Act for dividing and enclosing the Commons, Common Pastures, and Common Fields, in the Manor of Litton, in the Parish of Tidefzvell, in the County of Derby.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting certain open Fields, Meadows, and stinted Pastures, in the Township and Parish of Pilham, in the County of Lincoln.

33. An Act for dividing and enclosing Stone Common, within the Manor and Parish of Stone, in the County of Worcejier.

34. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields in the Township of Merton, in the County of Oxford; and for making a Compensation for Common of Pasture, and Tithes arising therein.

35.An Act to enable the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College of Clarehall, in the University of Cambridge, to alter and vary the Benefaftions of Doctor Blithe, and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of the Vicarages of Everton, with Tetwortb and Great Granfden, in the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon.

36.An Act to enable the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Jesus' College, in the University of Cambriilge, to alter and vary the Benefaftion of Doctor Edmund Proby, and Sir Thomas Proby; and to appropriate the same for the Benefit of the said College, in the Augmentation of several small Reftories and Vicarages.

37. An Act for vesting certain Lands in the Counties of Efj'ex and Cambridge, belonging to the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College called Jesus' College, in the University of Cambridge, in Sir William Maynard Baronet, and his Heirs.

38. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Samuel Dajhwood Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay Debts and Encumbrances; and for providing an Equivalent or Compensation for the same, to the Issue inheritable under his Marriage Settlement.

39. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands and Tenements, late the Estate of James Joy Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand, in the County of Middlesex, in new Trustees;; to enable them to make Building Leases thereof.

40. An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in North Cerney, in the County of glou cejler, late the Estate of Edward Pickering Rich, pursuant to an Agreement; and for applying the pur chase money in discharging Encumbrances affecting the same; and for the Benefit of Thomas Rich, his Son and Heir, an Infant.

41. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Moor or Waste Ground, within the Hamlet of Winjlcr, in the Parish of Youlgreave, in the County of Derby.

42. An Act for dividing and enclosing several Common Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of Glentham, in the County of Lincoln.

43. An Act for carrying into Execution, an Agreement entered into between the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water, in York Buildings, the 'Trustees for Annuities on Lives William Lock Esquire, his Grace Ediuard Duke of Norfolk, and Partners, Sir Andrew Chadwick Knight, and the Reverend Samuel Grove Clerk, all real Creditors of the said Governor and Company; and for authorising and directing the Court of Session in Scotland, to proceed to a Sale of such Parts of the Estates of Marischal, Panmurc, Southejk, and others, pursuant to the said Agreement, as were leased to Sir Archibald Grant Baronet, and Alexander Garden Esquire.

the STATUTES.

44.An Act to discharge certain Manors and Lands, ins the County of Bedford, the Estates of the Moil Noble george Duke of Marlborough, from certain Trusts and Agreements created and entered into by the said Duke,, whereby the said Estates were to be settled on Lord Charles Spencer, Brother to the said Duke, and his Issue, in ft rift Settlement; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, in lieu thereof; and likewise for varying, and carrying into Execution certain other Trusts and Agreements of the said Duke, for the making a Settlement of certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Lincoln, upon Lord Robert Spencer, ' now an Infant, another Brother of the said Duke, and his Issue, in like strict Settlement y and for other Purposes.

45. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant certain Estates, devised by the Will of Henry late Lord Colerane, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, to 'Trustees, in Trull for Henrietta Rosa Peregrina Hare, and her Heirs, subject to the Uses, Limitations, and Provisions, mentioned in the said Will; and to two Annuities payable to Rose Dupleffis; and also to certain Sums payable to Robert Knight, and to Henry Knight, and Anne the Wife of William bajjet; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

4^ An Act for authorising the Executors of John Hope to 'aftign, to Trustees, twenty thousand Pounds of the Stock or Capital therein mentioned. Part of the Marriage Portion of Jane the Wife of John Paterson Esquire, to be employed in Manner and for the Purposes therein expressed.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 4 Georgii III

1. A N Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand fever hundred and sixty four.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

3. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

4. An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalising his Highness the Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

5. An Act for naturalising his Highness, Charles William Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

6. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, the free Importation of 'Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, from Ireland.

7. An Act to explain and amend such Part of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (entitled. Arc

Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties; upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties f as relates to Cyder and Perry made in this Kingdom.

8. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Maiine Forces while on Shore.

9. An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upor. Beaver Skins imported, and for granting other dr: : ■ lieu thereof; and for granting certain Duties ui the Exportation of Beaver Skins and Beaver Word;

for taking off the Drawback allowed on the ex tion of such Skins,

/

The TITLES of

10. An Act for the more cafy Discharge of Recognizances cflreated into his majesty's Court of [Exchequer.

ji. An Act for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth, and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of Brit if j made Gunpowder, and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America.

13. An Ast to continue several Laws for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducting of Ships and vessels from Dover, Den!, and isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; relating to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the british Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of his majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, floodgates, Sluices, or other Works, belonging to the Ravers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament.

i3. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for preventing, in certain Cases, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; and for making forth Duplicates of Fxcheouer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

?}. Aft for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

15. An Act for granting cemin Duties in the Britisho Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An AC for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majefys Sugar Colonics in America); for applying the Produce of such Duties, and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, towards defraying the Expenses of defending, protesting, and securing, the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, yin Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, anti for the better securing the Plantation Trade); and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more cffeftualiy preventing the clandefcine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain.

(CAN Act to enable Infants who are seized of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Duchy of Lavcajler, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, lan cajler or Durham, or the Principality of ivales, in Fee, or for the Life or Lives of one or more other Person or Persons, in Tryst, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates by Order of the Court of the duchy Chamber of Lanutjler, of the Court of Exit

the STATUTES.

chequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great Sefiions in the Principality of jvcdes.

>7.An Act to explain and amend an Act pasted in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An AC to explain, amend and reduce into one AC of Parliament, the several Laws now in being, relating to the raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England.

• 8. An Act for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities granted by an Act pasted in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for carrying the Duties therein mentioned, to the said Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as are granted for a certain Term of Years, irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act pasted in the second Year of his present majesty's Reign.

19. An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of ghtebeck in America, for a limited Time.

20. An Act for vesting the Sort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

21. An Act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Durham.

22. An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his majesty's Subjects.

23. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills; and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for Application of certain Savings of Publiclc Moneys and of Moneys arisen by the Sale of Military Stores; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices and other Servants.

24. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

25. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof.

26. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and rough and undrefted Flax, from his majesty's Colonies in America.

27. An Act for granting for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from his majesty's Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces; subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies, to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

2s.An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order the Importation of provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Parliament, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein mentioned.

20. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

29. An Act for the Encouragement of the Whale Fiftiery in the Gulf and River of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coasts of his majesty's Colonies in America.

30. An Act for applying the Money granted in this session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

31.An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes;; to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to been {lamped according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or, having been {lamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly {lamped; and to prevent the Destruction of Trees and Underwoods growing in Forests and Chases.

32.An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities, a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Stiitors of the said Court; and for applying thelntereft arising therefrom, towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court.

33. An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cases of Merchants, and such other Persons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent.

34. An Ait to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

35. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased upon the Seacoasts in the Counties of Kent, Suffix and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

36.An Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the lleigii of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An ai to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for extending the Laws, relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and ejfex.

37. An Act for the better eftabliftiing a Manufactory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, now carrying on at jvincheljea, in the County of Stffjex, and for improving, regulating and extending the Manufacture of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

38. An Act for allowing further Time for Tnrollments of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

39.An Act to explain, amend and render more efteftual two several Acts of Parliament, made in the second and third Years of his present Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places therein mentioned, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

40. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of frnall Debts within the Borough and Soke of Dontajler? in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets,. Lanes, and other open paitages and Places, within the said Borough.

41. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fmalldebts in the Town and pariftiofkirkly in Kendal? in the County of jveftmorland.

42. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from. Shillingforcl, in the County of Oxford, through walling ford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shilling ford Ferry,

43. An Act for maintaining, regulating and employing: the Poor w ithin the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in' the County of Middlesex; and for lighting the said Parish, and eftablifning a regular Nightly Watch therein,

44. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Horjham, in the County of Suffix, through the Parishes of Shipley, West Grinfed, Aflourf, Steyning, Brcmber and Breeding, in the said County.

43.An Act to amend and render more efteftual several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chefer, to Manchefer, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge, to Chapel in the Frith, and to Sparrow Pit Gate and from Whaley Bridge, to the Western End of long side Common, in the County of Chester.

46.An Act to continue an Act, passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for continuing an Act passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, An Act for laying a Duty of tzvo Pennies Scots, or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale or Beer, that Shall be vended or sold within the Town afdunbar, for improving and preserving the Harbour, and repairing the Town House, and building a School, and other public Buildings there; and for ftpplying the J'aid' Town withfrejh Water.

47. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads, from the End of Stanbridge Lane, near a Barn in the Parish: of Romfey, to the Turnpike Road at Middle Wallop and from the Turnpike Road between Stanbridge Lane aforesaid, and Great Bridge, to the Turnpike Road ar Stockbriclge, and from the Garden of Henry Hattut, at Azvbridge, to the Garden Wall of Denys Roll, Esquire.. Eafi Tuderly, and from Loekerley Mill Stream, to East Dean Gate, and from the said Garden Wall to the Turnpike Road leading from Stockbridge aforesaid, in the County of Southampton, to salijbury.

48. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from Callington, in the County of Cornwall.

49. An)

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

49. An Adito enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to purchase Houses and Ground for opening a paftage for Carriages, from Cornhill to the Bank, and making more commodious several other Pafiages leading thereto; and for enlarging the Buildings of the said Bank, and making the same more commodious.

50. An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

51. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of the town of liurton upon Trent, in the County of stafford, through the said Town, to the South End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby.

52. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Gatcforth, Anjlon, Aston, Handfworth and jdarnall, to the Northeast End of At erclffe, in lhe County of York, where the same joins the Turnpike Road from Eavjtry to Sheffield.

53. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the High Bridge in Spalding, to a certain Place called Tydd Goat, in the County of Lincoln; and from Sutton Saint Mary's, to Sutton Wash, in the said County.

54-. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads m the several ijarijhes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George, Southwark, and Bermondsey, in the County of Surry, tfwlewifham, in the County of Kent; and for repairing Lamhcth Back Lane, and for lighting and watching the said Roads.

55. An Act for establishing a regular and nightly Watch, and for maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex.

50. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk.

57. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Bofmere and Claydon, in the County of Suffolk.

58. An Adito amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled. An, Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds o/'colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.

59. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundred of Samford, in the County

of Suffolk.

60. An Acl for the more effectual Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the City of Gloucester, and for lighting the Streets of the said City.

61. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Derby to Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and several other Roads therein mentioned.

.62. An Act for continuing the Terms of, and amending, the Acts for repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and for widening and amending the Road through the Parish of Bromejberrow, jn the County of Gloucester, and through Gorse Lawn, filj it meets the Road from Ghucejler to Worcester.

63. An Act for amending and widening the Road from a

Place near the Village of Milford, through Haflemerc, to the Portfnoutb Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton.

64. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Tinfley in the County 9f York, to the Town of donca fier, in the said County.

65. An Act for amending and widening the Road from the South End of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Plcajley, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the North End of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankerfley Park, in the said County of York.

66. An Adito continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of King jfon upon Hull, and the Town of Beverley, in the Eafthiding of the County of York, and for repairing the Road from Neivland Bridge, to the West End of the Town of Cottingham, in the said Riding

67. An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the High Roads leading Alfreton, in the County of Derby, through carter's Lane, to a certain Place in the town of Mansfield, called Stoehvell, and from the Bridle Gate, at the Division of the Liberties of black well and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in ajh field, to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike, at or near Python Hill, in the Forell of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of lancaster.

69. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Baxter Gate, in the Town of Whitby, to the South End of Lockton Lane, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County of York.

70. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twelfth of King George the First, and of the third of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Salop, and also for amending and widening the Road, from the Sign of the Horseshoe, in Uckington, to Languor Green; and also from the West End of Hatcham Bridge, to the Cross Houses upon the Brielgenorth Turnpike Road, in the said County.

71. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the North End of Mailing Street, near Lews, and other Roads in Sussex, to the Road leading from the North End of Offham, to the Spittle Barn in Lews aforesaid.

72. An Act for continuing one Moiety of the Duties, granted by an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Year of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, and which have been by several other Acts, continued till the twelfth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and for applying the same to completing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, and for more ef fedlualiy completing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour.

73. An Act for paving, repairing and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages, within the Town

of

The TITLES of

of Whitby, in die County of York; and for preventing Incroachments and Annoyanees therein; and for regulating the Carriages, Cartmen and Porters there.

74'. An Act for amending and supplying the Deficiencies of an act passed in the second Year of'the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, entitled. An asl to amend and render more effectual, several Aits made for cleanjhig and enlightening the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

75. An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, with fresh and wholesome Water.

76. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York.

77. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty iixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from piper's Inn, in the Parish of Afticott, in the County ff/'somerfet, to and through Glastonbury and Wells, to the White Post, in the great jvcrern Road, to the City of Bath, and from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the City of Bristol; and for repairing and widening several other Roads leading from the City of Wells.

78. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled. An Adifor amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the County s/'kent; and also for amending, widening and repairing the Road leading from Cowgate and Arcbcliffe Sort, in Dover, through Folkflone, to the Town of Hythe in the said County.

79.An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein described, leading from the Town of teivkef hury, in the County of Gloucester, as relates to the first District of Roads therein mentioned; and for amending the Road from Comb Hill, to a Bridge near Norton Mill, in the County of Gloucester, and from ecking tonne Bridge, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Uptan on Severn to Perjhore, in the County of wor cejler.

So. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the Market Place in doning tonne, and from the tenth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Gajbertown, to the eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln.

81. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Buck's Head at Wattling Street, to Beckbury and the New Inn, and from the Birches Brook, to the Hand Pofl, in the Parish of Kcmberton, in the County of Salop.

8z. An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from ajhborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chesterfield to Derby, at or near a Place called open wood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.

83, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcott Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from Ilkejlon, to the Towns of Heanor and Shipley, in the said County of Derby, and from tro well, in the County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham.

Vol. IX

the S T A TUTES.

s4. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads fron* Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicjler, to the Guide Post in Sc, hit Margaret's Field, Leicester, and from the Town of Leicester, to the Town o{lutterworth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Sy. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from. Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick to Haremofs, iri the County of Roxburgh.

86. An Act to amend and render more effectual two several Acts palfed in the twenty-fourth and tweney eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Craraond Bridge to the Town of fhieensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

87. An Act for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon.

88. An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff", and several other Towns and Places in the County of Glamorgan.

89. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, in the Hundred of Mutford and Lothingland, in the County of Suffolk.

90. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Loddon and Clavering, in the County of Norfolk.

91. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Wangford, in the County of Suffolk.

92. An Act for the better paving of the Streets and Lanes, and for preventing Nuisances and other Annoyances, in that Part of the Parish of Portsea, in the County of Southampton, commonly called Portfnouth Common.

93. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Knarejborcugh, and that Part of the Township of scriven with Tenter Gate adjoining upon the said Town,, with Water.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 4 Georgii III

1. A N Aft for naturalising Covert Cajfau.

2. An Act for naturalising Andrew Solinus.

3. An Act for naturalising Peter Hafenclever, Johann Peter Rucker, John Francis Blache, Andrew Vezian, James Charles Granges, and Jacob Muller.

4. An Act for naturalising William Dunant, John chri jlian Schrieber, Jonas Dael, and Charles Henry thal bitzer.

5. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Heckington, in the County of Lincoln.

6. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath Grounds, Lanes and Waste Ground, within Guilfborough, Coton and Nortoft, in the County of Northampton,

7. An Act for dividing and enclosing certain Open Common Fields and Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Stainton in the Hole, in the County of Lincoln.

8. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Common and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Searby, in the County of Lincoln.

9. An Act tor dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Commons, or Watte Grounds, in the Parith of cbilver's Coton, in the County of iwarwick.

10. a11 Act for inclosing and dividing so much of the Moor or Common, called Badley Moor, as lies within the Manors of North Tuddenham, alias Saint Clares, Maftijhall Tuddenham, on the Part of North Tuddenham, and bell house Hall, and in the Parish of North Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain other Commons and Wastes within the said Manors and Parith.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Common Fen, in the Parith of Horbling, in the County of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said Fen.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places, of and in Billefdon, in the County of Leicester.

13. An Act for eftablithing and confirming the Enclosure and Division of certain Lands in Sudcoats, in the Parish of Drypool, in the County of York, and for other pur poses.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Common and Open Fields and Meadows, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields of ivartnaly, .in the County of lei cc/lcr, and all the Lands and Grounds within the same Fields.

16. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures of North Cave, in the Ealt Riding of the County of York.

17. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for enclosing and dividing several Open Fields, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow and Pasture Ground, within the Township of Skipfea, in the County of York.

18. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Open and Common Fields and Grounds in the Township and Parish of Skefiing in Holdernefs, in the County of York.

19. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Common, in, over and upon, certain Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent.

20. An Act for exempting Batchacre Grange, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, from Payment of Tithes, and other Ecclesiastical Dues, and for settling other Tithes in lieu thereof.

21. An Act for draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds, in the Parish of Helgay, in the County of Norfolk.

22. An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh Lands and Low Grounds, within the Township of Thorngumbald, in the County of York.

23. An Act for establishing and carrying into Execution certain Articles of Agreement therein mentioned, for a Division of certain real Estates in the County of York, late of Sir Hungerford Bland, Baronet, deceased, and for otner Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for empowering the Committee or Committees, for the Time being, of the Estate of 'John Newport Esquire, a Lunatic, to make Leases of his Estates during his Lunacy.

25. An Act for carrying into Execution, an'agreement between the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, and Robert Nedham Efquife, deceased, relating to an Estate in the Island of Jamaica, devised by the Will of Henry Nedham Esquire, deceased.

26. An Act for annexing the Redtory of ea/l Lockinge, in the County of Berks, to the Office of Warden of the College of the Souls of all Faithful People deceased, of Oxford.

27. An Act for Sale of the Freehold and Leasehold e states of John Trcgenna Clerk, deceased, in the County of Carnival, given and devised by his Will, intrust for his Children, and for paying and applying the Money to arise by such Sales, in. Manner therein mentioned.

28. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, to grant a Lease or Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

29. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging the said Redtory.

30. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Thomas King Esquire, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity, in Great Britain and Ireland. •

31. An Act to enable Richard Symonds, an Infant (lately called Richard Peers) and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Symons, pursuant to the Will of Richard Symons Esquire deceased.

32. An Act for Naturalising William Dingman and John Reineke.

33. An Act for Naturalising John Marteilhe of London, Merchant.

34. An Act for Naturalising Egbert Nonnen.

35. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common and open Fields, and Commonable Places of Sharnford, in the County of imcefler.

36. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in ivhet jlone, in the County of Leicester.

37. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Fotherby, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open Fields, and Commonable Places in the Parish of Stoney Stanton, in the County of Leicester, and the Lands, Meadows, and Commonable Places, in the Lordship of Potters Marjlon, in the said County, belonging to and used with the said Field, of Stoney Stanton.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open Fields and Pasture Ground, in the Lordship of Aldborough, in Holderneffe, in the County of York.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several open and Common Fields and Ings within the Township and Parish of Houghton in the Marsh, otherwise Holton in the Clay, in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields lying in the Manor and Parish of Stoke Albany, in the County of Northampton.

42. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Wail Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Newnham, in the County of Northampton.

43. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, of and in the Manor and Parish of Everdon, otherwise Great Everdon and Little Everdon, in the County of Northampton.

44. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ledgers ajhby, in the County of Northampton.

45. An Act for dividing and enclosing a certain Moor or Common in the Township of Crook and Billyroiv within the Parish of Brancepetb, in the County of Durham.

46. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields of Atherjlone in the County of Warwick, and all the Lands, Meadows, and Grounds, within the same.

47. An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, the Low Grounds and Carrs, lying and being in the pa rifles, Townships, Hamlets, Lordships, Precincts and Territories of Sutton, Ganjlead, Swine, Bermingholme, Benninghohne Grange, and Fairholme North Siirlaugh, Rowton, Arnold, Lang rifton, Leven, Heigbolme, and Hally tree holme, Brandes burton, and Burfall, ejke, Tickton, Weel, Routh, Meaux, and Wagben, otherwise Wawn, in Holdernefle, in the East Riding of the County of York.

48.An Act to empower the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Spencer, to make Leases of the Manor of bat terfea and Wandsworth, and of Lands and Groundsill Battersea and Wandsworth, in the County of Surry, purchased in pursuance of the Will of the most Noble Sarah late Dutehefs Dowager of Marlborough, in order for building upon and improving the same.

49. An Act for confirming a Partition ofteveral Estates, late of Thomas Horton, in the Counties of Wilts and glou cejler, between William Blanch, John Roberts, Richard Brereton, and others, and for vesting and settling the Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned.

50. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Edmund Hungate Beaghan Esquire deceased, in the Counties of Kent and sujj sex, in Trustees, intrust, to sell and convey the same to Edzuard Louisa Mann Esquire, or as he shall appoint, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for applying the Money arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of George Edmund Beaghan, his only Son and Heir, an Infant,

51. An Act for vesting diverse Messuages and Hereditaments in the City of London, the settled Estate of Elizabeth Brett, Wife of Charles Brett, Esquire, in the said Charles Brett, and his Heirs, discharged from the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and for settling another Estate in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses limited of the said settled Estate.

52. An Act for discharging the Uses and Trusts of certain Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Norfolk, settled upon, and for the Benefit of jvilliatn Wiggett Bulbwer, and Mary his Wife, and their Issue, and for substituting and settling other Estates and Hereditaments, in the same County, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.

53. An Act for vesting two Shares in Ranelagh House, Gardens, and Premises, late the Estate of fames de laune, deceased, in John Ferrett and Robert Edmefton, and their Heirs, in Trust, to sell the same, and apply the Money arising from fueh Sale, to the several charitable Purposes, as directed by the Will of the said fames Dclaune.

54. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of William Young Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby, together with other Money of the said William Young, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, of greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof.

55.An Act to enable fobn Pollard Esquire (lately called fohn Carter) and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pollard, pursuant to the Will of Elizabeth Pollard deceased.

56. An Act for naturalising fames Nahou de Bcrvilk, so hann facob Uckermann, and fohn Haufcr.

57. An Act for naturalising fames Alnc.

58. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, Heath and Waste Ground in the Manor and Parish of jvcjl Haddon in the County of Northampton.

59. An Act for dividing and enclosing a Waste Ground called The Marsh, in the Township of Newport, in the County of Salop; and applying the Produce thereof to the several Purposes therein mentioned.

60.An Act to enable Lucy Kntghtley Esquire, to enclose several open and Common Fields, in the Parish of ha verfoatn, in the County of Bucks; and for vesting certain Glebe Lands, and the Tithes belonging to the Rectory of Flaverfham aforesaid, in the said Lucy Knight icy and his Heirs, and for making a Compensation to the Reftor of the said Parish in lieu thereof.

61. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Parish, and Liberties of Weflbury, in the County of Buckingham.

62. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, in the Parish of Nether Broughton, in the County oi leicejier.

63. An Act for dividing and enclosing a Moor, or Common, called stair.drop Moor, within the Township of Staindrop, in the County of Durham.'

64. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, in the Parish of Great Wigfion, in the County of Leieefier.

65. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Husbands Bosworth, otherwise Borefivorth, in the County of Leiccjler.

66. An Act for dividing and enclosing the Common or Waste Grounds; within the Manor of Wombzvell, in the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing and enclosing the open and Common Field, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, lying within the Township, Hamlets, and Liberties of wark werth, in the County of Northampton.

68. An Act for vesting diverse Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bedford, dorj'et, and Lancaster, comprised in the Marriage Settlement of fohn Earl of ajhburnham, in bint the said Earl, in Fee Simple, discharged of the Uses and Trusts of that Settlement, and for substituting and settling other Lands and Hereditaments, in the Dominion of Wales, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

69.An Act to empower the Guardians of George Earl of Egremont, an Infant, to enfranchise certain customary Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Cumberland, Part of the settled Estates of the Earl; and also to empower the Guardians of the said Earl, and his Infant Brothers, to make Leases of Part of the said Estate, in the County of Cumberland, and to make Leases and Copyhold Grammes of the several Estates limited and devised to them respectively by Charles Earl of Egremont their late Father, deceased, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

70. An act for vesting Lands and Hereditaments in Great Britain and Ireland, Part of the Estate of James Earl of Barymorc, in Trustees, for raising Money towards paying and discharging the Debts and Encumbrances affecting his Real Estates.

71. An act for settling the Estate of Henrietta Rosa peer grina Townfcnd, Wife of James Townfend el'quire, according to certain Articles of Agreement executed before her Intermarriage with the said James Townfcnd, but subject to the Charges and Encumbrances affebting the same.

72. An Act for enlarging the charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford.

73. An Act to enable the Warden and Fellows of the College of Chrijl, in Manchcjler, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said College.

74. An Adito empower the Honourable George Lane Parker, to ftiut up a Road or Way now used over certain enclosed Lands, in the Parish of Gamblingay, in the County of Cambridge, and for extinguishing all Right to a certain Toll which he now is entitled to in two Lanes, near the said Road or Way, and for obliging him to keep the said Lanes in Repair.

75. An Act for enlarging the Time given to Trustees therein named, to execute certain Trusts verted in them, in and by an Act of Parliament made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An Act for vesting the Remainder in Fee of several Lands in Ireland, the Estate of Arthur Plunkett Esquire, in Trustees, in order to sell such Lands to Protejlant purchasers;; also by another Act of Parliament made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An Act for giving further Time to Trustees, therein named, to execute certain Trufis veiled in them, in and by the faift Act of Parliament made in the said sixteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty.

76. An Act for diverting out of the Crown, the rever fion in Fee, of certain Lands in Ireland, late the Estate of Matthew Dowdall, q Papist, deceased, expectant upon the Death of his three Grandsons, without Ifliie Male; and for vesting the same in Anthony Ladeveze, of the City of Dublin Esquire, a Protestant, and his Heirs.

77; An Act for diverting out of the Crown, and to vert: in Gerald Fitzgerald, of Rathornc, in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, and his Heirs, the Rcverfton in Fee of and in several Lands in Ireland.

78. An Act to enable the Mayor and Aldermen of the Town of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex, the Guardians or Trustees of King Edward the sixth's Almfhouses there, and other the Feoffees thereof, to convey Part of the Lands, Revenues, and Possessions, of the said Almfhouses, to Sir John Gryphon Gryphon, and his Heirs, in exchange for other Lands of greater Value, to be conveyed to, and held hy them, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts therein mentioned; and for vesting Part of the Lands of Thomas Fuller, an Infanr, in Saffron Walden aforesaid, in the said Sir John Gryphon Gryphon, and his Heirs, in exchange for other Lands of greater Value, to be conveyed to the said Infant, and his Heirs; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Town and County of Northampton, devised by the Will of Edward Bayly, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses.

80. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Weller Esquire, with Charlotte Wilson, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

81. An Act for naturalising Peter Pohlmann, and David Godin.

82. An Act for naturalising Henry Koek.

83. An Act for naturalising Alexander Joseph Poitiler.

THE

STATUTES at Large, ire.

Anno Regni G E O R G I I. III tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and held at Wejhrinfler the nineteenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C

* from thence continued by federal Prorogations to the twenty-fifth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; Being the second Session of the twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain .Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

CAP. II

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

CAP. III

An Act for the Regulation of his majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore. [Srr 4 Geo. 3. C 8.]

CAP. IV

An Act for reflifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put'in Execution an Act made in the same Session, entitled. An asl for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

CAP. V

An Act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indempify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and for the making and filing of Affidavits Of Articles Of Clerkfilip. EXP, Farther Time g!mn far

these Purposes to 38 thvembtr 1763.

Vol. IX

B

CAP. VI

C 6

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762

Preamble.

31 Ccot 2, C 29,

Magistrates and Justices to to inquire into, and take Pr of of, the Prices which the several Sorts of Bread Coin, Ivleal, and Flour, sell for in she public Markets 5

and where there are no public Markets, then to take Proof of the present or or last selling Price thereof j

so as to ascertain the Price the same costs the Baker

they giving previous Notice to the Deacon of the Bakers Company, or to two reputable Bakers, to attend the taking of such Proof.

CAP. VI

An Act: for explaining and amending an Act made in the thirty first: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled. An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and ajfize thereof, and' to pinifh Persons who Shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread -, so far as the same relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for rendering the said Act more effectual in that Part of the United Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirty first: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Ait for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and ajfize thereof; and to pitnijh Persons who Shall adulterate Meal, Flower or Bread; certain Powers are granted to the several Courts, Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace therein mentioned, to fet, ascertain and appoint the Assize and Weight of Bread which hail be made for Sale, or exposed to Sale, and the Price to be paid for the same respectively, within the Bounds of their several Jurisdictions, from time to time, as they shall think proper: And it is thereby enacted, That in every assize of Bread which hall be so fet and appointed, respect.shall, from time to time, be had to the Price which the Grain, Meal or Flour, whereof such Bread shall be made, shall bear in the public Market or Markets in or near the public Place or Places for which any futh Assize hall be so at any Time fet; and for ascertaining such Price of Grain, Meal, or Flour, from time to time, the several Courts, Magistrates, and Justices of the Peace therein mentioned, are thereby empowered, from time to time, as there shall be Occafton, within their several Jurisdictions, to cause the respective Prices which the several Sorts of Grain, Meal and Flour hall, from time to time, bona side sell for in such public Markets, to be given in and certified upon Oath unto such Court, Magistrates, or Justices of the Peace respectively, within their several Jurisdictions, by the Clerk of the Market, or by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, and on such Day of the Week, as they hall respectively appoint within their several Jurisdictions;; the Price which hall be so certified shall, from time to time, be entered by the respective Person or Persons who hall certify the same, in a Book or Books to be provided and kept by him or them for that Purpose, in the Form and Manner as therein directed: : whereas the above Method of ascertaining the Price of Wheat and Rye, and the Flour and Meal made of those Grains, cannot take Place within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by reason that there are few public Markets for such Grains, Flour or Meal, within that Part of the United Kingdom; and where there are public Markets for Grain, Flour or Meal of any Kind, there is no such Officer as Clerk of the Market, who can certify to the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace the respective Prices which the several Sorts of Grain, Meal and Flour sell for in such public Markets; whereby the Salutary Eft'eft and Execution of the said Act made for the whole United Kingdom, is prevented and totally disappointed within that Part thereof called Scotland For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in Place of the Method prescribed and laid down in the said Act for ascertaining the Price of the several Kinds of Grain, Meal and Flour, it shall and may be lawful, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Magistrates and Justices of the Peace who are by the said Act authorised to fet the Assize of Bread, from time to time, and so often as they shall judge proper, within their respective Jurisdictions, to inquire into and take Proof of the Prices, which the several Sorts of Grain, Meal and Flour, fit and proper to make the several Sorts of Bread which shall be allowed to be made by them, shall bona side sell for in the public Markets in or near the City, Borough or Place, for which they are respectively authorised to fet the Assize of Bread; or where there are no public Markets for any particular Species of Grain, Meal or Flour, in or near such City, Borough or Place, to inquire into and take Proof of the present or last selling Price of such Species of Grain, Meal or Flour, whether of the Growth of the Country or brought from distant Places; to which selling Price or prime Cost hall be added such an Allowance for the Expense and Risk of Carriage or Transportation, as from the Inquiry and Proof shall to the said Magistrates and Justices of the Peace appear just and reasonable; so as that the Price of such Grain, Meal or Flour be, from time to time, ascertained according to what those several Species do or may truly cost the Bakers before they can manufacture the same into Bread.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That previous to the Proof to be taken in the several Cases aforesaid, Notice in Writing shall be given to the Deacon of the Incorporation of Bakers, or where there is no such Incorporation, to any two reputable Bakers within the City, 1 Borough, or Place where such Proof is to be taken, forty-eight Hours at least before taking the same, to the End that the Makers of Bread within such City, Borough or Place may, if they think proper, attend the taking such Proof, and suggest such Questions as may be proper to be put to the Witnesses summoned by the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace respectively, or offer such other

Witnesses

3

anncttertio Georgii III

0. 6.

Witnesses or Evidence, as may appear proper for proving the Prices of the Grain, Meal or Flour in Question.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Proof shall only proceed upon the Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, conversant in the Prices of the several Sorts of Grain, Meal or Flour, which shall be the Subject of such Inquiry, or by Writings legally proved; and that it shall and may be lawful to the said Magistrates and Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to summon such Person or Persons as to them shall appear moll proper for that Purpose, and to compel them to appear and give their Evidence; and that either by such Remedies, and under such Penalties as are provided by the said afin the Case of Persons duly funi moned to give Evidence, touching the Rates and Prices of the several Sorts of Grain, Meal and Flour, where the Return of the Prices of such Grain, Meal or Flour shall be suspected as not truly and bona side made, or by such Remedies as are competent by the common-law of Scotland, for compelling Witnesses to appear and give Evidence in any judicial Trial before a competent Court.

IV Provided always, That the Person or Persons so summoned, be not obliged to travel above five Miles from the Place of his, her or their Abode.

The Proof to proceed upon the Oaths of two witneites conversant in the Prices 5 who may be summoned, and compelled to appear and give Evidence 5

so as they be not_pbliged to travel above five Mils from Home.

V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the whole Evidence to be taken Evidence to be ingrofisd as above, shall be fairly ingrafted in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, by the Town Clerks of the in a Book,

several Cities and Boroughs where such Process shall be taken by the Magistrates, or by the Clerk

of the Peace where the Proof shall be taken by the Justices of the Peace; and the Evidence as no signed by the Wit

taken down in such Book shall be duly iigned by the several Witnesses, and by the Magistrates or tics ad" "

Justices of the Peace who shall take the same refpeiftively, according to the Practice of the Law of the "e^peflivepnces to

Scotland, and that so often as such Proof shall be taken, the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace be be declared,

fore whom the same shall be taken respectively, shall immediately after doling the Evidence, or as

soon as it can conveniently be done, declare the Prices of the several Kinds of Grain, Meal or

Flour, concerning which the Inquiry has been made, according as these shall appear to them to bs

proved, from conftdering the whole Evidence; and which Declaration shall be ingrafted in the and entered in the said

Book appointed to be kept as aforesaid, immediately after the Evidence, and shall be signed by the Book and Iigned by the

Magistrates or Justices of the Peace respectively, before whom such Proof shall be taken; and 13

which Book containing the Evidence and Declaration aforesaid, shall be open and patent to the i^fpe&, on PU **

Inspection of the Makers of Bread, and all other Persons, without Fee or Reward; and shall to all

Intents and Purposes be deemed and taken to be equivalent to the Returns or Certificates of the

Market Prices of all Kinds of Grain, Meal or Flour, appointed to be taken by the said at; And The Assize and Weight

the Magistrates and Justices of the Peace in that Pait of Great Britain called Scotland shall there ^ for Sale, to be

upon proceed to fet, ascertain and appoint the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of brad, which shall tbaeto."6 accor ^

be made for Sale, or exposed to Sale, and the Price to be paid for the same, within their respective

jurifditslions, when and as often, from time to time, as they shall think fit, according to the Di

redlions, and agreeable to the Tables enacted and referred to by the said Aift.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That when and so often as The Assize not liable to any Assize of Bread shall be fet, ascertained and appointed, for any City, Borough or Place, within be var; ed; dut w n that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace empowered for one ism^e" * ^ 3 new that Purpose, such Assize shall not be limited to endure for any certain Time, but shall continue

and stand in Force until a new Assize of Bread be fet, ascertained and appointed by the said Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, for such City, Borough or Place refpeciively; anything in the aforesaid at of the thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That upon an Application in Wri Upon Application and

ting by any two or more of the Inhabitants or Bakers, within any City, Borough or County Broof offe.re,.! f a suffi where such Assize of Bread shall be fet, to the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace who fet the last pie.nt varlatl°n 0 Jhe Assize, or to the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace of such City, Borough or County for the grain^by any

Time being, setting forth, and offering to prove, by proper Evidence, that the Price of any of two inhabitants or the Species of Grain before mentioned has rose or fallen since the last Assize of Bread was fet, so Bakers, since the last as to authorise an Alteration of such last Assize, according to the aforesaid at of his late Majesty, Afflze>

and Tables therein referred to; in every such Case, the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace to

whom such Application shall be made, shall within their respective Jurisdictions be obliged to

take Evidence of the then current Prices, in the Manner before directed; and if upon adviling such fresh Evidence is to bo

Proof, they shall find such a Variation of the Prices since the last Assize, as described in the said pkcn 01 jhe curre»t(r

Aft, they shall immediately fet and ascertain a new Assize of Bread, which shall remain till altered jo be'made conformable

agreeable to the dire£tions herein before given. thereio.

VIII And be it further enatfted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons Method of Proceeding in shall be conviifted of any of the Offences mentioned in the said at, or in this present ai, before cafeof Conviaion ofof any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, i n that Part of Great Britain called fenders hr the recitsd or Scotland, such Convitftion 'shall proceed and be drawn up in the Form commonly used and practised prc ent

before such Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, in Convidftions for other Offences of the like Nature; anything in the said at to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 IX And whereas it may happen, that the Magistrates of foroe of the Cities or Boroughs in j^chy SS C that Part of Great Britain called Scotland may neglect to execute the Sowers committed to them, neglect their Duty in fet 4 cf setting and appointing the Assize of Bread, within their respective Cities and boroughsbe it ting the due Assize of

B 2 therefore Brtah

C 7, 8.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

therefore enacted by the Authority aforefaici, That in case of such Neglect of the Magistrates of any such City or Borough, to fet an Assize of Bread, or to alter any former Assize fet by them by a new Assize, when such Alteration in the Price of Wheat or other Grain shall occur as is sufficient two Justices of the Coun o authorise an Alteration of the last Assize of Bread according to the said Act, it shall and may be XJ' (tt'o/nter the lawful for any two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County within which such City or Go"'; 0 Borough lies, to require the Chief Magistrate of such City or Borough, by a Writing under their

Hands, to fet the Assize of Bread, or to alter any former Assize of'bread, according as the Case and on their Ncgtsfl to shall occur; and in case such Chief Magistrate, or the other Magistrates of the said City or bo compiy therewith within rough, shall refuse or neglect, for the Space of ten Days after such Rcquifition, to fet such Assize, fettwuch affize^theiri or t0 ater any Assize then in Force, when the Alteration of the Price of Wheat or other Grain fclvcsi does permit the same, then and in every such Case, any two or more Justices of the Peace of such

County final! have Power, and are hereby authorised, after taking Proof of the Prices of the several Kinds of Grain, Meal or Flour, in Manner above directed, to fet, ascertain and appoint an Assize of Bread for such City or Borough, which shall. remain in full Force until altered by the Magistrates thereof, or in case of their Neglect, by any two or more of the said Justices of Peace.

The recited AQ, where X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Clause, Matter and Thing not altered by this Act, contained in the aforesaid Aft of the thirty first Year of his late majesty's Reign, shall remain and to ex end to, and be in continue in full Force, in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland except in so

Force within Scotland. r. r. .7,,,.. ^ 0 7

far as the lame is altered by this Act.

Force within Scotland See farther Chap. 11

C A

VII

P.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for

Quarters.

the better Payment of the Army and their

Preamble.

5 Eliz. C 4;

Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have been at any T me employed in the king's Service since 29 Nov. 1748, and have not since deferfed, and also the Wiv s and Children of such, are authorised to setup and exercise Trades V thin any Parts of Credit Britain or Ireland, without Let; and without being liable to be removed from thence to their last legal Place of Settlement, until they become au lly chargeable to the Parish; and if sued upon p'fading the General I flue, they shall be acquitted.

CAP. VIII

An Act; to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, since the twenty second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to exercise Trades.

HERE AS there have been and are diverse Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have served his late Majesty, or his present Majesty, in the late Wars by Sea and Land, foine of which are Men that used Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades who had not served out their Times, and others, who by their own Industry have made themselves apt and fit for Trades; many of which, the Wars being now ended, would willingly impioy themselves in those Trades which they were formerly aceuftomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make use of, for the getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Places within this Kingdom, because of certain bylaws and Customs of those Places, and of the Statute made in the fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the Use of certain Trades by any Person who hath not served as an Apprentice to such Trade for the Space of seven Years: ' For Remedy whereof. Be it enabled by the king's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aftcmbled, and by the Authority of the same. That all such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, who have been at any Time employed in the Service of his late Majesty, or of his present Majesty, since the twenty-ninth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, and have not since deserted the said Service; and also the Wives and Children of such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines; may, setup and exercise such Trades as they are apt and able for, in any Town or Place within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and, Ireland, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the using of such Trade; nor inall such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers or Marines, or their Wives or Children, during the Time they shall exercise such Trades, be removable from such respective Place or Places, to his, her or their last legal Place of Settlement, by virtue of any Law now in Being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such. Parish or Place; and if any such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, who shall be sued, impleaded or indicted in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom, for using or exercising any such Trades as aforesaid, then the said'officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or any Wise or Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, making it appear to the same Court where they are so sued, impleaded or indicted, that they have served his late or present Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, she or they, is or aie the Wife or Wives, Child or Children of such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, who foall have so served his late or present Majesty, shall upon the General I flue pleaded, be found Not guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information or Indictment exhibited againtt them; and such Persons who, notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the said Suit, by Bill, Plaint, Information or Indictment, and shall have a Verdict pass against him, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of such Officer, Mariner,

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 9. 5

riner, Soldier or Marine respectively, Double Costs of Suit, to be recovered as any other Coils at be paw Double common-law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors, before whom any such Suit, Infor Costs of Sult" mation or Indictment shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever, are to take Notice of this present Aft, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custom or pro vision to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Shall and may be lawful for anywhere any two Justices two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town or Place, where any such Officer, Ma for the County or Place riner, Soldier or Marine Shall setup and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause such Officer, Ma" " riner. Soldier or Marine, to be summoned before them in the Town or Place where such Officer, V Evidence a to the Mariner, Soldier or Marine Shall setup and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath Place of the rust legal of the Place of his last legal Settlement (which Oath the Paid Justices are hereby empowered to ad Settlement, they shall miniller) and such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine are hereby directed to obey such Summons, ™ a^c°whineo[ and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of

such Affidavit so made before them, to the Person making the same, in order that he may produce it which shall be admitted when required; which attested Copy Shall at any Time be admitted as Evidence as to such last legal as Evidence at the Settlement, before any of his majesty's Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter sessions of Quarter sessions; the Peace.

III Provided always. That in case any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine Shall again be and if fnmmt ned again, summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken they (hl11 n, J be of, i|gej being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or *'roducvth*forme'"' or Marine, Shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath vvith regard to his legal Settlement, feavetcopy thereof. * but Shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of his Examination, if required.

IV Provided always. That this Act Shall not in any wise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Privileges of the two Univerftties of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them; or extend to give Liberty to any Person Univetftties reserved, to setup the Trade of a Vintner, or to sell any Wine or other Liquors within the said Univerftties,

without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the same respectively.

CAP. IX

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Vidtualling and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures; and for charging the Payment of such Annuities on the Sinking Fund; and making good the same to the said Fund, in Manner therein men mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Par preamble, liament assembled, have taken into our serious Consideration, that notwithstanding the 1 great Supplies which have been granted for carrying on the War, several Debts and Deficiencies * remain unprovided for, particularly upon account of Bills payable in course of the Navy and * Victualling Offices, and for Transports, made out on or before the thirty first Day of December 1 one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, to the Amount of three millions seventy nve thousand ‘ three hundred and ftxteen Pounds and threepence; and upon account of Debentures payable out ‘ of the Office of Ordnance, which were dated on or before the said thirty first Day of December ‘ one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, amounting to five hundred ninety five thousand four ‘ hundred and twenty-three Pounds two Shillings and five Pence : And your majesty's faithful * Commons being fully sensible how highly it concerns the Honour of your majesty's Government,

‘ and the public Credit of this Kingdom, that the earliest possible Provision (hold be made for ‘ discharging those Debts, and supplying those Deficiencies which have been contrasted and incurred in the Prosecution of the late hazardous and expensive, but no less glorious and successful 1 War, have resolved, in older to make Provision for satisfying all such Bills and Debentures, to'

‘ give and grant unto your Majesty such Supply as is herein after mentioned, for paying (in lieu of ‘ all other Interest) an Interest or Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, by ‘ half yearly Payments, to commence from the twenty-fifth Day of 'March one thousand seven ‘ hundred and sixty three, for and in respect of the Sums payable on the said Navy, Victualling ‘ and Transport Bills, and the Interest thereupon, and also for the Sums payable on the said Deben ‘ tures, until such Annuities Shall be redeemed and paid off, in Manner herein after mentioned And do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

That the Annuities which by this Act Shall be granted and made payable, for and in respect of the Annuities granted by

Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports, and for the De tllis

bentures payable out of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, which were respectively made out or

dated on or before the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, until

the Redemption of such Annuities by Parliament in Manner hereafter mentioned, Shall from and

after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, be charged and payalje out of tlls

chargeable upon, and payable out of the Moneys, which from and after the said twenty-fifth Day Sinkin6 tuna

of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, Shall from time to time arise and be. in the

Receipt

C

Anno tertio Georgii III

A.D... 1762.

The Money to be replaced out of the next Aids.

The Bills or Debentures to be delivered to the

end the In'ereft upon the ' Navy, Victualling and

Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, of or for the Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking fund.(after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former at or acts of Parliament, to be paid out of the same); and that the Sums so issued out of the Paid Moneys commonly called the Sinking Fund shall be, from time to time, replaced and made good out of the next Aids to be 'granted in Parliament, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be pof

nvroffices°on or More feffm of, interested in, or entitled unto, any Bill or Bills, payable in Course out of his majesty's 25 March 1763; Offices of the Navy or Victualling, or for Transports, or any Debenture or Debentures payable out of his majesty's Office of Ordnance, which were respectively made out or dated in the said re fpedfive Offices, on or before the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, to deliver such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, to the respective Treasurers of the said Offices, to be marked, cancelled and certified, in such Manner as herein after mentioned, at any Time on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and at such Place or Places as shall have been appointed by Notice given in the London Gazette, and other public Papers, for that Purpose.

III Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Interest:

T annort Bi Is i to be become due on the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and

narked at the'proper sixty three, for and in relpebl of such of the said Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills as bear an offices, before Delivery Interest, shall be computed and marked upon the said Bills, at the Navy or Victualling Office re thereof to the Treasurer fpeciively, before the same are delivered to the Treasurer of his majesty's Navy; and the proper of the Navy j Officer and Officers of his majesty's Navy Office, and Victualling Office respectively, is and are

hereby authorised and required to compute and mark the Interest as aforesaid, upon every such Bill, which shall be tendered'to him or them for that Purpose. and the Bills so delivered JV. Ancj be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and cancelled by him and fr the Treasurer of his majesty's Navy for the Time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any such Navy, Victualling or Transport Bills, all the said Bills, which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall, on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, deliver to such Treasurer;; the said Treasurer, or his Paymaster and Cafliier, is and are hereby authorised and and certified, together required to mark and cancel every such Bill; and certify the same, together with the Amount of bank>llc intcreft' ** Interest which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid upon such of the said Bills as Treasurer of the Old ear an Interest? t0 the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and that it also shall and nance office to cancel may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of his majesty's Office of Ordnance in like Manner to take the Debentures in like in all such Debentures payable out of the said Office of Ordnance, which on or before the said Manner, and certify the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three shall be delivered to him; same to the Bank. and the ]aft. mentioned Treasurer, or his Deputy, is hereby authorised and required to cancel the same, and certify every such Debenture to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England. Proprietors of the said V And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons.. and Debentures in Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall deliver any such Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures tite to an Annuity t0 the refpe&jve Treasurers as aforesaid, shall for the Principal Sum or Sums contained in every such Bill or Bills, and also for the Interest which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid upon such of the said Bills as bear an Interest, and also for the Principal Sum or Sums contained in every such Debenture or Debentures, be respectively entitled to, and have an Annuity after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and to be paid and payable to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or such as he, (he or they shall appoint, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, until the Redemption thereof by Parliament, in Manner herein after mentioned; which said Annuity shall be payable half yearly at two of the most usual Days of Payment in the Year (that is to say) The twenty-ninth Day of September, and the twenty-fifth Day of March, the first Payment thereof to become due on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and that all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her and their Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, shall have good, hire, absolute, and indefeazable Estates and Interests in the said Annuities, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and shall be polfelfed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be dependable to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or otherwise; any Law, Custom orufage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and impositions whatsoever.

VI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the delivering in of every such Navy, Victualling or Transport Bill, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, the Treasurer of his majesty's Navy, or his Paymaster and Cafnier, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a Certificate signed by him or them, for the Principal Sum or Sums contained in every such Bill; and also for the Interest which shall have been computed and and for the interest due marked as aforesaid, to be due on the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

on 25 Match 1763,. an{j

thereon, after the Rate of 4i. percent, per Ann. to commence 25 March 17635

and to be paid half yearly 5 viz. on 29 Sept, and 25 March 5

*thc same to be deemed a Pcrl'onal Estate 5

and to be Tax free.

The respective Treasurers of the Navy and Ordnance arc to give Certificates for the Ptin i cipal Sums in the said Bills and Debentures,

7

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 9.

and sixty three, upon such of the said Bills as bear an Interest, to fueh Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or his, her or their Assigns;; that upon the Delivering in by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, of every such Dehenture or Debentures, the Treasurer of his majesty's Office of Ordnance, or his Deputy, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a Certificate signed by the said Treasurer or Deputy, for the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in every such Debenture, to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or his, her or their Assigns;; all such Certificates shall be assignable by In wj,; CI may be afiignrd dorfement thereupon made at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand by endorsement at'any seven hundred and and sixty three, and no longer; and all such Certificates and Assignments there Time male before 29 upon hall not be charged with any Stamp Duties whatsoever; and that the Intereif so computed scp' '763 and marked on every such Bill bearing Interest as aforesaid, hall be added to the Principal Sum Pnncipjl and Interest to contained in every such Bill, and the Amount of such Principal and Interest, or the Amount of the Sum contained in every such Bill not bearing Interest, and in every such Debenture respectively cer bjj.s and Debentures, tilled in Manner before directed, Shall be the Principal Sums for which the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, delivering such Bills or Debentures, Shall be entitled to an Annuity after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

Vlf. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Infants Shall, gaard'aris and Trudces by the Gift, Devise, or Decease of the Parent or other Relation of such Infants, or otherwise, be f^bmstr deb^ntu'res come entitled to any of the said Bills or Debentures, in such Case the Guardian or Guardians, True as the, a: eint, tied to, ftce or Trustees of such Infant or Infants, hall or may be, and he he or they is or are hereby im in confide: scion of ths powered, for the Benefit of such Infant or Infants to deliver up to such respective Treasurers all said Annuity, such of the said Bills or Debentures to which such Infant or Infants Shall be so entitled; and such Infant and Infants, Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, delivering up such Bills or Debentures, shall be entitled to such an Annuity as aforesaid;; the said Guardian or Guardians,

Trustee or Trustees, hall be discharged from the same; anything herein contained, or any Law,

Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V III Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Per Exeeutors and Trustees fons who, as Executor to, or Administrator, Trustee, Committee of an Idiot or Lunatic, or Per pfideors to deliver up, fons of unfound Mind, Depositary or Mortgagee, hall be or become possessed of, interested in, a" ner'ruch 01 entitled unto, any of the said Bills or Debentures, shall and may deliver up such Bills or Deben they are the'ebyrevpec tures as they hall be so possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, to such respective Treasurers as tivelyintitled to; aforesaid;; as to Executors or Administrators, the Annuities which they shall be entitled to in the Annuities to be the respect of the said Bills or Debentures so by them delivered up, shall be the same aitets in their same Assets,

Hands, as the said Bills or Debentures were, or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such Annuity as aforesaid;; as to Trustees. Committees, Depositaries, and Mortgagees, the Annuity which they hall be entitled unto for or in respect of such Trust, or mortgaged Bills or and li5bie t0 the same Debentures, which they shall so deliver up to such respective Treasurers as aforesaid, shall be lruffs'as the C fubjedh and liable to the same Trusts and Equity of Redemption, as such Bills or Debentures were, or would have been, had they not been so delivered up for such Annuity as aforesaid.

IX And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and Bank to take in the for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, or such Person Cen, fica!es>

or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, and he and they is and are hereby refpetstively authorised and required to take in and receive all and every of the Certificates to be made out in lieu of the said Bills and Debentures as aforesaid, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act; and upon the Receipt of every such Certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith to give Credit in a Book or Books to be prepared for that Purpose, for the principal Sums contained in and give Credit in pro every such Certificate so brought to him or them as aforesaid;; the Persons, Bodies Politic or per Books for the Sum: Corporate, to whose Credit such principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, conulned therein, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer which may be transferred, the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in other Books to be prepared and kept for that Purpose;; the said Governor and Company for the Time being shall also, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of ‘june Duplicate of the said one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly written on Paper, Book to be transmitted of the said Book or Books first herein before mentioned, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt Tt "'pi101 '"eau" of his majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever. 1 r ° -xc c4uer'

X And, for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act; it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Bank to appoint one or England, and their Succefiors shall, from time to time, until the said Annuities shall be redeemed more Chief Calhiers, according to this Act, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their

Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient and an Accomptant Go'. Person within the same Office to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys neral. from time to time, and at any Time, arising or being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of or for the Surpluifes, Excefies, or Overplus Moneys commonly called The Sinking Fund, as shall be sufficient Treasury to ifihe the from time to time to answer the half yearly Payments of the said Annuities, and other Payments di Moneys out of the sink redted by this Act to be made, shall (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Moins Fund for Payment ney as before the passing of this Act Shall have been directed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament cft{*e fp1"?ii't to be paid out of the said'fundj by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or101 21 116 j"'er'

1 mote

8

by way of Imprcft,

who is to pay the same accordingly.

Accomprant General to inl'pect all Receipts and Payments.

Moneys converted into the Annuities to be deemed one Capital or Joint Stock,

carrying four Pounds percent. Interest transferable.

Alignments and Trans

fers to be entered and signed.

C 9.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

and to be free of Stamp Duties.

Annuities may be devised by Will.

Will to be entered.

Batik to continue a Corporation until Redemption of Annuities C

No See to be taken for any Matter necessary to be done.

on Penalty of 201.

Trcnfury authorised to give Rewards to Persons employetd, and to pay i/jddenc Charges, C

more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Sueeefl'ors for the Time being, by way of Impressed, and upon Account, for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that such Cashier or Cashiers, to whom the said Moneys shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time withdut Delay apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Account thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

XI And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accomptant General for the Time being shall, from time to time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

XII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys intended to be converted into Annuities by virtue of this Act, shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be, one Capital or Joint Stock, oil which the said Annuities, after the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be attending; and that all and every Person and Persons, and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money which he, she or they shall be entitled to as aforesaid, shall have ami be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid;; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Share or Interest therein, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and trans ferrable as this Act directs, and not otherwise;; that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the said Accomptant General for the Time being within the City of London, a Book or Books, wherein all Alfignments of Transfers of the said whole Capital or Joint Stock, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuity attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and regi llered; which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making fueh Alignments or Transfers; or, if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Atlornies thereunto lawfully authorised, by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more credible witneltes; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said Stock, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them.

XIII Provided always, That all Persons poftefied of any Share or Interest in the said Joint Stock of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible Witneifes; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share, or Interest, be entered in the said Office; and that in Default of fueh Transfer or Devise, fueh Share, Estate or Interest shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Suceeffors and Assigns.

XIV Provided also, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Sueeefl'ors (notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or anv of them) shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, till! all the lame Annuities shall be redeemed by Parliament; and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance this Act.

XV And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the Interest on the said Bills, or for receiving taking in, or cancelling the said Bills or Debentures, or any of them, or for granting Certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for ifiiiing the Moneys for paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or (mall, to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, contrary to this Act, shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved; to be'recovered with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Wejhmnjler, wherein no Effoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Reitraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XVI Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three, or more of the Commissioners of rhe Treasury for the Time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains, and Labour, and also to defray such incident Charges as (hail neeeflarily attend the same, out of the said S rrplufles, Exceffee, or Overplus Moneys, and also to appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper, out of the said Surplgfles, Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the Cashier or Cashiers of thenfaid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities, made payable by this Act; and also for the Service, Pains, and Trouble of the Accompcant General of the

laid

A. D. 1762.

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 10.

said Governor and Company, for performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on him by this Act; all Allowances in refpsft which Allowances hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the Service, Pains and of he Officers of ti„ labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, hall banji> i0**'*'thc lj f" be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; anything Company!, vcr "or

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 3 p

XVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the several Sums of Money Money issued f»v the which shall, from time to time, be issued and applied by virtue of this Act, out of the said Moneys Purposes of this Act out composing the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, for Payment of the said Annuities, of the Fu,, d' and for Rewards, incident Charges, Allowances, and in discharge of any other Expenses hereby au ^aupplie' Ut ° thorized to be paid, hall, from time to time, be made good, and replaced by and out of the

Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, after such iftues and Applications hall be respectively made.

XVIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon clause of Redemption,

six Months Notice to be printed in the London Gazettee, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and upon Repayment, by Parliament, of the Principal Sum for which the said Annuities are.

established (by Payments not being less than five hundred thousand Pounds at one Time) in such

Manner as hall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf; and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the same Annuities; then, and not till then, such and so much of the said Annuities as hall be attending on the Principal Sums so paid off hall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in thc London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Limitation of Actions. at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or

executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his and General Issue. their Defence; and if averdift shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Coffs Trcble Coft3* to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. X

An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and for appointing a Time and Place for exercising the Militia in the said Year.

WHEREAS the Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds has been granted to his prean.blc. ‘ W Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for one Year, C from the twenty-fifth Day ok March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three: ' In order therefore that the Charge of Pay and Clothing for such Militia may be duly and properly defrayed and satisfied; Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is or hall be raised, thc Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of such County, Riding or Place respectively, hall issue and pay the whole Sums required in the Manner and for thc several Uses herein after mentioned; that is to say. For the Pay of the said Militia for four Calendar Months in advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling for each Sergeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and sixpence a Week for each Sergeant Major, where a Sergeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of sixpence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of sixpence a Month for each private Man and Drummer, for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia, one Penny whereof hall be applied to defraying the Hospital Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, during the Time of the Mens being from Home, upon Account of their annual Exercise;; also for half a year's Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, at the Rates following; that is to say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, Riding or Place, after the Rate of three Vo 1 IX C Pounds

Where the Militia is or shall beraipd, thereceiver General of the County is to iilue Months Pay in Advance, according to the Eftablilhmenc of Pay here set down j

with half a Years sa laty to the Regimental and Battalion Clerks; and the Allowances to the Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings;

and Pay tor Clothing of the Militia.

C io.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

Pounds ten Shillings for each Sergeant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of one Pound for each Sergeant Major, and each Drum Major; and with respect to the private Militia Men, where the Militia hath been imbodied, or having not been imbodied, hath not been clothed within three Years, at the Rate of one Pound ten Shillings for each private Man.

II Provided ncverthclefs, That in any County, Riding or Place, where Pay has not been yet issued for the Militia, no Pay be issued until his majesty's Lieutenant, or in his Absence, any ... three Deputy Lieutenants of any such. County, Riding or Place, shall have certified to the

cr dmutietfliallcommissioners of his majesty's Treasury, and to the receiver-general of the Land Tax, that three Fifths of the Number of private Militia Men of such County, Riding or Place, have been enrolled; and that three Fifths of the Proportion of their Commission Officers have accepted their commiifi and entered their Qualifications as by Law required.

The above Sums arc not to be paid, if Pay has not before been itfued.

ons.

certified to the Treasury and Receivers General the Inrolment of three Fifths of the Men

til^fom'v'is to t e HI. And be it enabled, That all such Sums of Money aforefaij, except such as shall be due to paid by the Receiver Ge the several Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, shall where the Militia has never been imbodied, be neral to ihc cieik of the pa id by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the hands of the Clerk or Regiment or Battalion Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, Riding or Place, upon clr^^of the*008 or t*lc‘r producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Meetings' uponpioduj Land and Seal of his majesty's Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding or Place; and where cing the Warrant of his the Militia hath been imbodied, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Batta appuintment; lions, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office,

and for independent under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Officer fpeftfvt Captains'or "to eac^ Regiment or Battalion relpedfively, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been dif imbodied; and where the Militia shall be formed into an Independent Company, or Independent Companies, such Sums as aforesaid shall be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the respective Captain of_each Independent Company of Militia, or to such Personas such respective Captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the Number of l'erfons hereby in titled to receive Pay and Clothing, of which such Regiment or Regi

their Order according to theefia blifhment laid down in the Militia Act of the la ft Seifion*

A second Payment ia also to be made within

ments, Battalion or Battalions, Independent Company or Independent Companies, shall have been appointed to consist; according to the Establishment laid down in an at passed in the last Session of Parliament, entitled, An Adito explain., amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raping and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain ^ called England; and such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax shall alio, within four moaths after the first 3 teen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said first Pay ' ment, make a second Payment for four Calendar Months in advance; and shall also, within four and a third withm three teen says after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said second Pay monthsafter the econd. mentj make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in advance, for the Pay and contingent iex pences ot the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks afore reeeipts of the Persons said, in the Proportions herein before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and w whom the Money of such Captain of an Independent Company, or Captains of Independent Companies, or of such the Receivers generar3' Person or Persons as such Captain or Captains shall so authorise to receive such Money as : aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, for the several Sums of Money so by him or them paid.

IV And be it enabled, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith, after the Receipt of such Sums of Money, as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid, one Calendar -. month's Pay in advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively;; to the

san7two Months Captain or Commanding Officer of each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion, two va^toeach captain"for Months Pay in advance for the Sergeants, Drummers, and the contingent Expenses of his refpec the Sergeants, Drum tive Company; out of which said contingent Money each Captain shall pay to the Commanding Offers and contingent Ex ficer of each Regiment or Battalion one Penny a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for pences nf the said Com the defraying the Expenses of the Hospital; and also to the Commanding Officer of the Company each Manon" Penny pert sergeant major and drum major shall belong, two Months Pay in advance for such

Month out of the con Sergeant and Drum Major; and so from Time to Time, so long as any Money on that Account tingent Money, to shall remain in his Hands : Which pay every such Captain or Commanding Officer is hereby rewards charges of the quired to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company by this Act entitled to receive the hofp.tai; and for the same? as ^ fl jall become due; and shall once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regi majo'n tobe'paid to'the ment cr Battalion to which such Company shall belong, or if Captain of an Independent Com commandmg Officirof pany, to the receiver-general, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance the Company to which of this Act, according to the following Form :

they belong: Captains to

distribute the Pay accordingly 5 and account for the same yearly to the Clerk or receiver-general, if an Independent Company, according to the following Foun 1

The Regimental and Battalion Clerks are to pay in Advance one

County

A. D. 1762

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 10

11

County of To Cash received of Mr.

Dr.

n \£

Re ■*

gimental or Battalion Clerk, or Ref ' ceiver General, as the Case Shall be, I for two Months Pay in advance

d.

Per Contra

Gr.

Paid Sergeant for Days

Pay from the of to

the of following

Ditto as serje2nt major (if one in the 1

Company) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- — - - r

Paid Sergeant for Days ■)

Pay from the of to C

the of following \

Paid " Drummer daysj

at 6d. from the of to the

of following

Ditto as drum major (if one in the i Company) >

Drummer Days from 1

Paid

the

of

of to the

following — —

Two Months Contingencies for Men and two Drummers at 6d. peri. Month each j

J

And flail pay back to the said Clerk, or to the receiver-general, as the Case flail be, the Surplus and pay back thesur (if any) of the Money by him, from Time to Time, received and then remaining in his Hands, ex pus Moneys in his cept the Money by this Act allowed for contingent Expenses, which flail once in every Year be ""p1 the accounted for by the Captain of each Company respectively, in Manner aforesaid, and the Balance j^be accoun" d for, *' thereof flail be by him paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company shall belong, to be applied to the general Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, as the and applied to the general Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the greater Part of them, flail direst; and the Captain of each use or the Regiment, C Independent Company is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company Captains f Independent entitled thereto, such Money as he flail receive by virtue of this Act; and the said Money allowed c°mpanres to dift^bute for the contingent Expenses of each Independent Company of Militia flail be respectively applied *ng apply°themoneyal to the particular Use of such Independent Company by the Captain thereof. lowed for contingent

Expenses.

V And be it enacted, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his Clerk to retain Money own Use, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as flail complete the Allowance !nhis Hands for his own herein before made for his Salary; and such Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall pay to such Person sal?7rv mk ri ..ft, or Persons as flail produce an Order from the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, f" Bills" 5 C ° such Sums of Money as flail be due and owing for or on account of the Clothing of the said

Regiments or Battalions, not exceeding the Rates herein before mentioned.

VI And be it further enacted, That when ever his majesty's Lieutenant, or any three or more when the Lord Lieute deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the nant or Deputies than Militia, he or they flail, as soon as may be, certify the same to the receiver-general of such have fixed the Days of County, Riding or Place, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are Exercise,

to be absent from Home on Account of such Exercise;; such receiver-general is hereby required, same tovhe Receiver within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Clerks of the feve General, fpecifytngthe ral Regiments or Battalions, or to the Captains of the Independent Companies, as the Case flail number'of Men, and be, at the Rate of three Shillings and sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of three Shillings Daysthey shall be absent per Day for each Ensign;; also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each private Militia Man, om Home; Receiver with the Addition of sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, foto be called out to Ex e0nnepay°for Officels" ercife, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men flail be absent from Home on Account of and Men to the rcgi such Exercise;; the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to mental clerk, C each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalion the Proportion of Pay belonging to their respective who is to pay over the

Companies. cttains'^'refpea, ve

VII And be it further enacted, That the Captain of each Company flail make up an Account ca^tains'to make up their

of all Moneys received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Account according to the Form; following Form 5

County of

To Cash received of the Regimental

or Battalion Clerk, or

receiver-general, as the Case Shall be, for Days Pay of Men

Dr.

. s.

isj

d.

Per Contra

Paid Militia Men

Days

Paid additional Pay to Days

Cr.

Corporals

}

}

C

C 2

3

Which

I 2

C io.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

to be signed by them. Which Account hail be signed by the said Captain, and countersigned by the Commanding Officer; ard counterfigne^ by the an(j such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time of such Exercise, deliver such Account, and antdctivercd withvhe pay the Balhince, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or if Captain of an Eallance to the Clerk, Independent Company, to the receiver-general; and such Accounts shall be allowed as sufficient

cr receiver-general. Vouchers in the Faffing of the Accounts of such receiver-general at the Receipt of his majesty's

Accounts allowed suffi Exchequer, cicrnl Vouchers. 1

During the Time the VIII Provided always, and be it enacted. That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Independent

Troops are embodied. Company of Militia is or shall be embodied and called out into actual Service, and thereby the Of

tual'service! vnd^celve ficcrs and private Militia Men are or shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and private Pay a? the king's other Men in his majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from the Receiver or Receivers Ge forces, all Pay and Al neral of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion, or lowances from ihe Re Independent Company of Militia shall belong, whether to the Adjutant, Sergeants, private Militia Men, or others; and all Money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, orlndependent Company of Militia; and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; shall during such Time of actual Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall be disembodied, and returned Home by Order of their Commanding Officers, cease, and not be paid.

IX And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the

.1- /•'■___ ti — —. All .ln.. r ni. n.. pu. n: ru

ceivcrs General is to cease

and the cjetks of the Subdivision Meetings upon producing a like Order from 1 Dep. Lieut. Orders to discharge Re ceivcrs General.

Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his majesty's Lieutenant, or from three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also pay to each and every the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, their several Allowances, at the Rate of one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants assembled in the several Subdivision Meetings; which said Order or Orders shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in his or their Account.

Regimental andbaita X Provided always, and be it enacted. That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of mili l.on cieiks to give secu t; a fljall give Security to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax of the County, ri countinfomdiemonies d'" gv or Place to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty, in the received by them; Penalty of one Half of the Sum required for the whole year's Charge of the Regiment or Battalion the Bonds to be lodged of Militia to which such Clerk shall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall with the recc.vers Ge from time to time have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the nerai, and put in Suit by Trust hereby in him reposed;; said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or re them on Nonpertoim cejvers General of the Land Tax for the respective County, Riding or Place, who, in case the said an e ° 1 e on 5 Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprised in the said Bond, iheieupon tofu'ncofts a" anc ‘s ^lei'e'3y required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit, in the Name of his Majesty, his and Charges, Heirs and Succefiors; the full Costs and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgement shall be given against

and 5i. percent, of the such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers General

Money recovered 5

the Residue to be accounted for to the Au ditor

The Regimental and Battalion Clerks, and

of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be entitled to, and receive to his or their own Use, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum, out of all such Moneys as shall be by him or them.recovered thereon, and shall account for the Residue thereof with the proper Auditor of his majesty's Revenue; the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax charging himself or themselves therewith upon the next Account of the Land Tax to be by him or them passed.

XI And be it enabled, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia and the Captain of every Independent Company of Militia, in every County, Riding, and Place, within the captansof Independent Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty compar.ies, are to deh fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, deliver to the Receiver or Re receipt' and dubur celvers General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding, or Piace to which such Regiment, Bat, ner)ts, ‘ u talion, or Independent Company shall belong, a fair Account in Writing of all Moneys by him received and disbursed, for the Service of the preceding Year, in pursuance of this Act, with proper Vouchers for the same; and shall pay back to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land and pay over the Balame qpax any Surplus of such Moneys that shall then be in his Hands; which said Accounts, signed bv to t e Neceivers enera, Regjmenta] or Battalion Clerk, or by such Captain of an Independent Company respectively, amounts into theaudi ah tranfrr. i tted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax into the Office or

tors Office.

Recovery of Penalties, C

No Fee payable for any Warrant or Sum of Money ihued in pursuance • this Act,

the proper Auditor of his majesty's Revenue.

XII Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are bv this Act made answerable, may and fiiall be recovered in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at w.ejlmvnjier, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efibin, Wager at Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to, or in pursuance of this Act.

XIV Proa,

D. 1762; Anno tertio Georgii III C 11. 13

XIV Provided always, and be it further enabled. That any Person being on half-pay, and Officers on half piy serving in the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the sub fervln5thehm'l, ‘'a' fiftence money by this Act directed to be paid to Lieutenants or Ensigns; and the receiving and payable to"

taking such subsistence money by any such Lieutenant or Ensign shall not be deemed a Receiving Lieutenants or enagns, or Taking Pay, so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on half-pay receiving his half-pay; they taking the follow

and such rerfon shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby im ins °ath before a

powered to administer the same; Justice.

‘ X A. B. dow swear, That I had not, between the any Place or Irnployment of Profit The Oath.

* 1 Civil or Military under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of half-pay as a reduced

* in late Regiment of save and except my Subsistence as a Lieutenant or En

* as the Case may be, for serving in the Militia of the County of

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his half-pay, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

‘ XV And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, entitled.An Act to ‘ explain, amend and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laius in being, relating to the ‘ raising and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; it is enacted

* his majesty's Lieutenant of every County, Riding and Place, together with any two or more ‘ Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of his majesty's Lieutenant,

‘ any three or more Deputy lieutenants, shall meet annually on the last Tuesday in May, or on the ‘ last Tuesday in October, as they shall think moll convenient for the due Execution of this Act, and ‘ at a General Meeting shall appoint the Time and Place, or Times and Places, for the training ‘ and exercising of the Militia: And whereas the appointing the Time and Place, or Times and

* Places, for training and exercising the Militia at such Genera! Meetings so fixed as aforesaid, may ‘ be found inconvenient in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty threebe it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his majesty's Lieutenant of every County, ld.lieut. to appoint, on Riding and Place, on or before the thirtieth Day of April next, to appoint the Time and Place, or before 30 April, the or Times and Places, for training and exercising the Militia in the Year one thousand seven hun E™ eand Hljces 0 dred and sixty three; and in case any such Lieutenant shall not appoint the Time and Place, or anton his Default, Times and Places, for training and exercising the Militia on or before the said thirtieth Day of April, 3 d. Lieutenants may it shall and maybe lawful to and for any three or more Deputy Lieutenants of any such County, appoint ibe same. Riding or Place, to appoint the Time and Place, or Times and Places, for the training and exercising the Militia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

CAP. XI

An act for explaining and amending an Act made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled. An AR for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to punish Per font who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread. *

* "ITT HE REAS the Statute made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Preamble.

* VV King George the Second, entitled, An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate 31 Geo, z, C 29.

‘ the Price and ajjioce thereof; and to punish Persons who Shall adulterate Meat, Flour or Bread; is de

‘ ficient in several of the fvovisions thereby made, when an Assize of Bread is not fet pursuant to ‘ the Directions of the said Act: ' For Remedy wherein, and in order that Makers of Bread for Sale, and the Sellers thereof, may in all Places, although the Assize of Bread shall at any Time not be fet, be under due Regulations; Be it enacted by the.king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May After 1 May 1763, no one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, although no Assize of Bread shall be fet in pursuance aflized and prized Bread of the said Act, no Loaf or Loaves of Bread, called or deemed Assize Loaf or Loaves in the Ta t0.be « the same bles of the Assize and Price of Bread in the said Act enacted and referred to, and the Weight of Time in the same wacc which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, shall be made for Sale, sold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or be allowed to be sold in any Place, where any Loaf or Loaves of the Bread called or deemed prized Loaf or Loaves in the said Tables of the Assize and Price of Bread, in and by the said Act enacted and referred to, and the Price of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, shall at the same Time be made for Sale, or be allowed to be sold; that is to say, No Assize Loaves of the Price of threepence, and viz. prized Loaves called Half Quartern Loaves, nor Assize Loaves of the Price of sixpence, and prized Loaves called Quartern Loaves, nor Assize Loaves of the Price of twelve Pence, and prized Loaves called Half Peck Loaves, nor Assize Loaves of the Price of eighteen Pence, and prized Loaves called Peck Loaves, shall at the same Time, in any Place be made for Sale, sold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or allowed to he sold; that unwary Persons may not in any wise be imposed on, and prejudiced by buying Assize Loaves referred to in the said Tables, as or for prized Loaves referred to in the said Tables, or by buying such prized Loaves as or for such

Assize

14

C

11,

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.'

upon Penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 40 s. nor less than 10 s.

Assize Loaves; and every Person who shall offend in the Premises, and be convicted of any such Offence in Manner hereafter specified, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted illal 1 from time to time adjudge.

IT. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said first Day of Petty'se" *'may one thousand (even hundred and sixty three, although no affize‘of Bread shall be fet pursuant point which to the Directions of the fajd Act, the Justices of the Peace of every County, Riding, Division,

and may, at any General or Quarter session of the Peace

shall

or published in the cour.tiy News Papers

Justices at any General,

Quarter,

fion, may appoint \

of the Soits of Assize or City, Town, Liberty and Place, ... _

Prized Loaves, which shall beheld within their respective Counties, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Liberties or Jurisdictions,

or at any Petty Session which shall be held by any such Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, from time to time, ascertain and appoint (as often as they shall think proper) for all or any Part of their respective Jurisdictions, which of the Sorts of Assize or Prized Loaves shall be and what other Sorts of allowed from time to time to be made and sold within their respective jurisdictions;; also what Bread, and of what other Sorts of Bread, and of what Sort and Sorts of Grain shall be allowed to be made and sold sale^he cauh™s a'n°r within their respective Jurisdictions, or within any Part thereof; and every Order which shall be so Entry to be made of such from time to time made in or touching the Premises by any such Justices, shall be entered in a Orders; which is to be Book to be provided and kept for that Purpose by such Justices, and which Book shall and may be ftee for infpcdtion; inspected by the Makers of Bread for Sale, within, the respective Jurisdiction of any such Justices, at all feafonablc Times in the daytime, and without paying any fee or Reward in respect thereof; and after the making every such Order by any such Justices, the Justices who shall make the same and a Copy thereof to be a wjtj, au convenient Speed, cause a Copy of every such Order to be affixed or put up in some or other public Place; Market or other public Town within the Division or Part of the County, Riding, Liberty, Rape, ' Wapentake, City, Town or Place, in which such Order is to be observed and take Place t or else every such Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall cause a Copy of every such Order to be, with all convenient Speed after the making thereof respectively, inserted in some public News Paper which shall be published in the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, Rape, - Wapentake, City,

• Town or Place, or some Part thereof, in which every such Order respectively is to be observed and fccilcc Plscc

bread^niadeof wheat" HI Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Justices within their which stall be allowed! respective Jurisdiction shall at any Time allow the making for Sale, or selling any Sorts of Assize Bread made of the Flour or Meal of Wheat, other than and besides Wheaten and Household Bread, and Loaves of White Bread of the Price of twopence, or under.

A like Proportion, as to IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day Weight, is to be kept of one thoufan() seven hundred and sixty three, although the Assize of Bread shall not be fet

Wheaten Bread, and the pursuant to the said Act, every Maker of Bread for Sale shall observe and keep the same or like pro wheaten and Houffioid portion between White and Wheaten Bread, and Wheaten and Household Assize Bread, as to Assize Bread; Weight, as is mentioned or intended, enacted and referred to, in the said Assize Tables; that is to

vizi say, Every White Loaf of the Price of twopence, or under, shall always weigh Three Parts in

Four of the Weight of the Wheaten Loaf, of the like Price, as near as may be; and every Wheaten Assize Loaf of Bread, of whatsoever Price the same shall be, shall always weigh Three Parts in Four of the Weight of every Household Assize Loaf of Bread of the like Price, as near as may be; and that every Household Assize Loaf of Bread, of whatever Price the same shall be, shall always weigh One Third Part more than every Wheaten Assize Loaf of the like Price, as near as may be and every Person who dial] make for Sale, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, or have in his or her Custody for Sale, any Loaf of White, Wheaten or Household Bread, in which the said Proportions on Penalty of forfeiting, or Regulations shall not be observed and kept, as near as may be, shall, on being convicted of any not exceeding 40 s. such Offence in Manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall from time to time adjudge.

A Proportion in the V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Price is to be kept in the one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, although the Assize of Bread shall not be fet pur

Pcck - and its other Rant to the said Act, every Peck, Half Peck, Quarter of a Peck, and Half Quarter of a Peck Loaf,

Subdivisions, both in made for Sale, of the Meal or Flour of Wheat, and called Wheaten Bread, shall always be sold in the Wheaten, Proportion to each other respectively, as to Price; and that every Peck, Half Peck, Quarter of

and in Household Bread; Peck, and Half Quarter of a Peck Loaf, made for Sale, of the Meal or Flour of Wheat, and called d, t!le ho‘lfh°!d 1510 b.c.. hr/ujhold Bread, shall always be sold in Proportion to each Other, and for One Fourth less in Price than the Loaf made for Sale with the Meal or Flour of Wheat, called Wheaten Bread, of the same Denomination; and every Person who shall in any wise offend in the Premises shall, for every Loaf of either the said Wheaten or Household Bread which shall be sold by him or her, or offered or exposed to or for Sale, or found in his or her Custody for Sale, contrary to the true Intent and on Penalty of forfeiting, Meaning of this Act, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten shil nm exceeding 40s. nor i; ngs> as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted

Ids than JOS. foal] from tjme to tjme adjudge.

The Weight the Peck VI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said first Day tl^ve^htn one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, although the Assize of Bread shall not be fet

every Sort of^ert adpurfuant to the said recited Aft, the several Loaves herein after mentioned of every Sort of Bread which shall be made for which shall be made for Sale; shall always weigh in Averdupois Weight as follows; that is to say. Sale; viz. Every Peck Loaf, seventeen Pounds six Ounces; every Half Peck Loaf, eight Pounds eleven Ounces;

every

One Fourth cheaper than the Wheaten,

*5

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 11.

every Quarter of a Peek Loaf, four Pounds five Ounces, and one Half Ounce; and every Half Quarter of a Peek Loaf, two Pounds two Ounces and three Quarters of one Ounce : And every Person who shall make for Sale, or offer or expose to or for Sale, or have in his or her Possession for Sale, any Peek, Half Peek, Quarter of a Peck, or Half Quarter of a Peek Loaf, in any wise deficient of the due Weight the same ought to be as aforesaid, shall, on being convicted of any such on Forfeiture not e*cecj offence in Manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding five Shillings, nor ins 5s norlefsthan is. less than one Shilling, for every Ounce of every Loaf of such Bread which shall at any Time be wamins

found wahting, or deficient of or in the due'weight the fume ought to be as aforesaid; and for nor exceeu'irg12 s, '6d. every such Loaf of Bread which shall be found wanting less than one Ounce of the due Weight the nor less than 6d. for all same ought to be as aforesaid, a Sum not exceeding two Shillings and sixpence, nor less than six under 1 oz.

Pence, as any Juftiee or Jufiiees before whom any such Loaf of Bread, which shall not be of the

due Weight the same ought to be as aforesaid, shall adjudge; so as all such Bread which shall be the same to be weighed

complained of, as wanting at any Time of the due Weight the same ought to be in any City, Town bel<i7 a Julbce> with »

Borough, Liberty or Franchile, or the jurifdistion.thereof, or within the Weekly Bills tfke^wd «

of Mortality, 'shall, front time to time, be brought before some justice or Jufiiees, having juris t0 sale, C tf within

didfion in the Premises, and shall be weighed before such justice or jufiiees within twenty-four any City, Town corpo

Hours after the same shall have been baked, sold, or exposed to or for Sale, or found in any Per rate. cor within the

fun's Custody for Sale; anj so as. all such Bread which shall be complained of as wanting at any El!, s.of Mjrta'jty'

Time in the due Weight the same ought to be as aforesaid, in any Hundred, Riding, Division, r ".Da" s'

Rape, Wapentake, or other Place, out of any City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Fran * " '

or the Jurisdiction thereof, or out of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, from time to

time, be brought before some Juftiee or Jufiiees of such Hundred, Riding, Division, Liberty, Rape

or Wapentake, or other Place, and shall be weighed before such Justice or Jufiiees within three

Days' after the same shall have been baked, offered or exposed to or for Sale, or found in any Per

son's Custody for Sale; unless it shall be made out to the Satisfadlion of any such Justice or Jufiiees unless such Deficiency

before whom any such Bread shall be brought, by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties against fta11 be fatisi'aflorily ac.

whom any such Complaint or Information shall be made, that such Deficiency in Weight wholly counted for

arose from some unavoidable Accident in Baking or otherwise, or was occasioned by or through

Tome Contrivance or Confederacy.

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said first Day of May Bread of an inferior Qna

one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, although an. Alfize of Bread shall not be fet pursuant I wh<a1'en, ' no.‘ to the said Act, no Person shall sell, or offer or expose to or for .'sale, or have in his or her Custody ta th^houseliold any Bread of an inferior Quality to Wheaten Bread, with Intent to sell the same at an higher Price '

than Houlhold Bread shall at the same Time fell for in ‘the Place where any Bread of such inferior

Quality shall be sold, or offered to or for Sale, or be found for Sale in any person's Custody; upon on Forfeiture, net ex

Pain that every one who shall offend in the Premises, shall, for every such Offence, on being thereof ceedllis 20s convicted in Manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay not exceeding the Sum of twenty Shillings, as the Justice or Jufiiees before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall from time to time adjudge.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day 'A large Roman (W) to

of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, although the Assize of. Bread shall not be fet,, e; uim?rlnfd n al pursuant to the said Act, all Persons who shall make for Sale, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, or for Sale" *

have in his or her Custody for Sale, any of the said Wheaten or Household Bread, shall from time '

to time cause to be imprinted on every respective Loaf thereof, as followeth; that is to say, On

every Loaf of the said Wheaten Bread, a large Roman (W) and on every Loaf of the said Houle ami a lare Roman (H)

hold Bread, a large Roman (H); And if any Person after the said first Day of May one thousand on a11 Household Bread;

seven hundred and sixty three shall make for Sale, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, or havejn

his or her Custody for Sale, any Loaf of the said Wheaten or Household Bread, which shall not be

marked as hereby is directed, so as the same may, on the View thereof, be ascertained under what

Denomination or Sort of Bread every such Loaf was and ought to be weighed (except as to such

Loaves which shall be rasped after the bespeaking or purchasing thereof, by the particular Desire of

the Person who shall order the same to be so rasped for his or her own Use) he or she who shall so

offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in Manner herein after mentioned, shall for on Penalty of forfeiting

every Loaf of such Bread not marked as hereby is directed, which shall be found in his or her ^ os nor

Custody, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, as the s 'an os‘

Justice or Jufiiees before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall from time

to time adjudge; unless it shall be made out to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Jufiiees, by or'on unless such omifhon jjiall

the Behalf of the Party or Parties against whom any such Complaint or Information shall be made, 1 oriyaccount

that the not marking or not duly marking thereof wholly arose from some unavoidable Accident in

baking, or otherwise, or was occasioned by or through some Contrivance or Confederacy.

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day Bread matle f ay other

of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, although the Assize of Bread shall not be iet5'r?ln Whear, t

pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, every Loaf of every Sort of Bread made of the Meal or

Flour of any other Sort of Grain than Wheat, which shall be made for Sale, or be sold, carried foal I order; J out, offered or exposed in any wile to or for Sale, shall .be marked with some fignifieant and distinct Letter or Letters, not more than two thereon respectively, as the Jufiiees of any County, Riding,

Division. Liberty, City, Town or Place, at any General or Quarter session of the Peaee which shall be held within their respective Counties, Ridings, Divmons, Liberties, Cities, Towns or 1 Places

i6

C i r.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

Places within their refpeiftive jurisdictions, or, at any Petty session which shall be held by any such

iuflices within their respective Jurifditftions, shall from time to time, for their respective Counties, .idings, Divisions, Liberties, Rapes, Wapentakes, Cities, Towns or Places, or any Part thereof, they caufmg an Entry to order or diredf; and every which Order shall, with all convenient Speed after the making thereof, be made of such Order; be entered in some Rook to be for that Purpose provided and kept'by such Justices, and whereunta any Maker of Bread for Sale residing within any such County, Division, Liberty, Rape, Wapentake, City, Town or Place, shall be at Liberty to resort at seasonable Times in the daytime, and to peruse every such Order without being subject or liable to pay any Fee or Reward in refpetft thereof; and such Justices as aforesaid shall, with all convenient Speed after the making any such Order as aforesaid, cause a Copy thereof to be affixed or put up in some Market or other public Town within the Division or Part of the County, Riding, Liberty or Place, in which such Order as aforesaid is to be observed or take Place, or in some public Place in every City, Town or Place where fuel) Order is to be observed or take Place; or otherwise such Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall cause a Copy of every such their respective Order, with all convenient Speed after the making thereof, to be inserted in some public News Paper which shall be usually published in the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, Rape, Wapentake, City, Town or Place, or some Part thereof, in which such Order as aforesaid is to be observed or take Place; and if the justices as aforesaid shall at any Time, in any Place, neglect or omit to make any Order, from, time to time, with what Letter or Letters such Bread which shall be made for Sale, of the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain than Wheat, shall be marked, then the Maker of all such Bread for Sale shall, in every Place where no such Order shall be made or be in Force, cause every Loaf of such Bread he or she shall make, or cause to be made, for Sale, or shall sell, or offer or expose to or for Sale, to be respectively marked with any two distinct Capital Letters as he or she shall think fit; and every Person who, after the Paid first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, shall make for Sale, fell, offer, or expose to or for Sale, or have in his or her Custody, far Sale, any Loaf of any such Sort of Bread which shall be made with the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain than Wheat, which shall not be marked as herein before is directed, so as that the same may, on View thereof, be ascertained under what Denomination every such Loaf was made (except such Loaves thereof which shall be rasped after the bespeaking or purchasing thereof, by the particular Desire of the Person who shall order the same to be rasped for his or her own Use) shall, for every Time he, she or they shall so offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in Manner herein after directed, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, for every Loaf of such Bread which shall not be so marked as herein before is first directed, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender shall be convicted shall from time to time adjudge.

X And to the end the good Design of this Statute may be more effectually accomplished;; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices within the Limits of their respective jurisdictions, although the Assize of Bread shall not be there fet according to the said herein before in part recited act; and also for any Peace Officer or Officers authorised by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and "Seals, of any such Justice or Justices (and

which is to be free for Inspection;;

a Copy thereof to be setup in some Marker, or other public Place,

or published in the Country News Papers.

Where the Justices neglect to make such Order,

the Maker is to make every such Loaf with z diftimft Capital Letters 5

n Penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 40s. nor less than 5 s. for every such unmarked loaf,

Justices,

Bakers, and search for, examine and weigh all Eiead made for, or exposed to Sale, C

and Bread found defective in the Weight, or not duly marked, or wanting in due Baking, or Goodness, or being fraudulently mixed, C

and Peace Officers (authorised by Warrant of

a Justice) which Warrant any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant within their re

may enter the Houses of fpedlive Jurisdictions) to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, Bakehotife, Warehouse, or Outhouses, or other Place, of or belonging to any Baker or Seller of Bread, and to search, view, weigh, examine, and try all or any Bread which shall be there found; and also to view, weigh and try all Bread made for Sale, which at any Time shall be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or found in any one's Custody for Sale, in any wise howsoever, within the respective jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices: : if any Loaf or Loaves of Bread of any Denomination shall on any Search, View, Weighing, Trial, or Examination thereof, by any Justice or Justices, or on any Complaint made to, or Information given before any Justice or Justices, and proved by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or vvitnefles, be found to be deficient in the due Weight the same ought to be, or not to be marked according to the Directions and Intent of this A (ft, or to be deficient in the due baking or working thereof, or to be wanting in the Goodness of the Stuff whereof or wherewith any such Loaf shall have been made, or to have been made with any Mixture of Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain than of the Grain the same shall import to be made with, or to be made with any larger or other Proportion of any other or different Sort or Sorts of Grain, or the Meal or Flour thereof, than what ought to be put therein, or to be made with any Mixture or Ingredient which by the said in Part recited act ought not to be put therein; or to be made with anything as or for or in lieu of Flour which shall not really be the genuine Flour, the same shall import to be and ought to be, or that any such Bread shall be made with any Leaven not allowed by the said in part recited Aift to be used in making Bread; theii and in every or any of the said Cases, every Justice and Justices, Peace Officer and Officers as aforesaid, is and are hereby respectively, within the Limits of their several jurisdictions, empowered and required by the Authority of this act, to seize every Loaf of such Bread, and to dispose thereof to poor Persons, as such Justice or Justices unicfs such Default shall jn his or their Discretion hall, from'time to time, within their respective jurisdictions, think fit; ed for ■fail0rl ^ acc°unt* un'e^s't be made out to the Satisfaction of'any such Justice or Justices, by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties against whom any such Complaint or information as aforesaid shall be made, that the Default found or complained of wholly arofc from some unavoidable Accident, or was qc

cafioned

rmy be seized and given to Poor 1

17

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C n,

cafioned by or through some Contrivance or Confederacy; and every Maker and Seller of Bread respectively as aforesaid, whose Bread shall at any Time be found before ary Justice or Justices wanting in the Goodness of the Scuff, whereof or wherewith the same should have been made, or to be made with any Mixture of Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain than of the Grain the same shall import to be made with, or to be made with any larger or other Proportion of any other or different Sort or Sorts of Grain, or'the Meal or Flour thereof, than what ought to be put therein, or to be made with any Mixture or Ingredient not allowed by the said in part recited act to be put therein, or to be made with anything as for or in lieu of Flour, which hall not really be the genuine Flour the same shall import to be and ought to be, or to be made with any Leaven not allowed by the said in part recited Aft to be used in making such Bread, shall for every such Offence, on and the Mater and Seller being convicted thereof in Manner herein after mentioned, also forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding flail also forfeit not ex five Pounds, nor less than twenty Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Of coed: ns 5!. nor less than sender or Offenders shall be convicted shall, from time to time, adjudge, unless the Default found orevetyfuch 0( or complained of, shall be made out to the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices by oron the., _,,

Behalf of the Party or Parties against whom such Complaint or Information as aforesaid shall be ftt.sfactorhy'account made, to have wholly arose from some unavoidable Accident, or to have been occasioned by oredfor. through some Contrivance or Confederacy.

XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said first: Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, although the Assize of Bread shall not be fet

according to the said in part recited Aft, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct, hinder. Penalty ofoppofingany refill, or in any wise oppose any Search, View, Weighing, Trying, or Seizing of any Loaf or, esa.' s*arcl1, v}cw> Loaves of Bread, authorised by this Act to be made or tried, he, she or they, who shall so offend ofwid^is not in the Premises, shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof in Manner herein after exceed 40s nor he mentioned, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty less than 20s. Shillings, as the Justice or Justices before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted shall from time to time adjudge.

XII Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person whono Miller, Mealman,

shall follow, or be concerned in the Business of a Miller, Mealman, or Baker, shall be capable of or Baker, may act as a acting, or shall be allowed to aft as a Justice of the Peace under this Act, or in putting in Execu onpenalty

tion any of the Powers in or by this Act granted; and if any Miller, Mealman, or Baker, shall pre of 50i.

fume foto do, he or they so offending in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminjier, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efioin, Wager of Law, or more thaii one Imparlance shall be allowed, or by way of summary Complaint before the Court of Session in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XIII Provided always, and be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person Baker making it appear, who shall carry on or follow the Trade of a Baker, shall, at any Time after the said first: Day of May that any Offence for one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, make Complaint to any Justice or Justices of the Peace heftal1 hav pli within his or their Jurisdiction, and make appear to him or them by the Oath of any credible Witness, f10cnej"y the ne^puor that any Offence which any such Person, who ftu.ll so carry on or follow the said Trade of a Baker, Default of his Servant, shall have been charged with, and shall have incurred and paid any Penalty under this Act, shall

have been occaftoned by or through the wilful Neglect or Default of any'journeyman or other Servant employed by or under any such Person, who shall so follow or carry on the said T rade of a Baker; then, and in any such Case, every such Justice and Justices may, and is and are hereby required to Justice to issue his war issue out his or their Warrant under his or their respective Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for, rantout for bringing the bringing any such Journeyman or Servant before any such Justice or Justices, or any Justice of the offender before him County, City, Riding, Division, or Place, where the Offender can be found, and on any such Journeyman or Servant being thereupon apprehended, and brought before any such Justice or Justices, he or they, within their respective Jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorised and required to examine into the Matter of such Complaint; and on Proof thereof being made upon Oath to and on conv!ctlon» the Satisfaction of any such Justice or Justices who shall hear such said Complaint, such Justice and Justices is and are hereby directed and authorised by any Order under his or their respective Hand ™ 0" utfaction -

or Hands, to adjudge and order what reasonable Sum of Money shall be paid by every such Jour y y J

neyman or Servant to his Master or Mistress, as or by way of Recompense to him or her for the Money he or she shall have paid, by reason of the wilful Neglect or Default of any such Journeyman or Servant; and if any such Journeyman or Servant shall neglect or refuse, on his Conviction, ad °" Nonpayment to make immediate Payment of the Sum of Money which any such Justice or Justices shall order to therso' be paid, by reason of such said wilful Neglect or Default, then any such Justice and Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, is and are hereby authorised and required by Warrant under his Stand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to cause every such Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended is to commit such ser and committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the County, Riding, Division, vantj: 0 laid Laboun for City, Town, Liberty or Place, in which any such Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended, ^ excee, nfi

and there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month from the 1

Time of such Commitment, as such Justice or Justices shall order, unless Payment shall be made ofunle's Payment befooner the Money ordered to be paid after such Commitment, and before the Expiration of the said calcn made dar Month.

Vol. IX

D

XIV And

18 C i

Anno teitio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

Justices tn hear and determine all Offences against this Act in a fummaiy Way j

and the Penalties to be paid within 24 Hours after Conviction or to be levied by Distress and Sale.

Warrant of Distress may be backed.

Distress to be sold within five Days

and all Charges to be deducted thereout.

For Want of sufficient Distress, the Offender to be committed

Form following to be sbferved in Cohvictjons in England,

XIV And for the better and more easy Recovery of the feveva! Penalties and Forfeitures to he incurred by Disobedience to this Act and the Powers herein contained, Be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, or any one of them, within their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns Corporate, Boroughs, Liberties or Jurisdictions, to hear and determine, in a summary Way, all Offences committed again!! the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for tbit Purpose to fumraon before them, or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, any Party or Parties accused of being, an Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in case the Party accused shall not appear on fuel) Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for his Default, then upon Oath of any credible Witness of any Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any such Juitice or Justices shall issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices;; upon the Appearance of the Party or Parties accused, or in case he, she or they hall not appear, on Notice being given to, or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their ufua! Place of Abode, or if he, she or they cannot be apprehended on a Warrant granted against him, her or them, as herein before is directed;; and in any such Case, any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witnelfes who shall be offered on either Side, on Oath as aforesaid, and which Oath every such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorised, empowered and required to adminiiter; and after hearing of the Parties who shall appear, and the Witnesses who shall be offered on either Side, such Justice, or Justices shall conviff or acquit the Party or Parties accused: : if the Penalty or Money forfeited on any such Conviction shall not be paid within the Space of twenty-four Hours after any such Conviffion, every such Justice or Justices shall thereupon issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals refpeffively, directed to any Peace Officer or Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, and thereby require him or them to make Distress of the Goods or Chatties of the Offender or Offenders within such their respective Jurisdictions, to satisfy such Penalty or Money forfeited, and the Costs of the Prosecution and Distress: : if any Offender shall convey away his or her Goods out of the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices before whom he or she was convicted, or so much thereof that the Penalty or money forfeited cannot be levied, then some Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offender shall have removed his or her Goods, shall back the Warrant granted by any Justice or Justices as aforesaid, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited shall be levied on the offender's Goods and Chatties, by distress and Sale thereof; and if within five Days from the Distress being taken, the Penalty or Money forfeited and Costs as aforesaid shall not be paid, the Goods seized or taken shall be nppraifed and sold, tendering the Overplus (if any) after dedufting the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of the Prosecution, Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; which Charges shall be ascertained by the Justice or Justices before whom any such Off ender or Offenders shall have been so convicted, or by the Justice who backed the Warrant (if either of them shall continue alive) and if not, by some other Justice of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Place, in which the Offender shall have been convicted, on Application for that Purpose to be made to any such Justice; and for Want of such Distress, then every such Justice, within whose respective Jurisdiction any such offender or Offenders shall reside or be, shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Proof on Oath made of the Conviction, and Nonpayment of the Penalty and Charges, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be found, there to remain for the Space of one Calendar Month from the Time of such Commitment, unless after such Commitment Payment shall be made of the Penalty or Money forfeited, and the Costs and Charges ascertained as aforesaid, before, the Expiration of the said one Calendar Month.

XV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justice or Justices before before whom any Person shall be convicted in that Part of Great Britain called England, in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every such respective Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say.

to wit. 1 "IT) E it remembered, That on this Day of in the

‘ j3 Year of the Reign of A. B. is convicted before majesty's

‘ Justices of the Peace for the said County of or for the

or for the City, Liberty or Town of (as the Cafejhall happen

1 to he) for and do adjudge (him, her or them, as the cafejhall be)

1 to pay and forfeit for the same, the Sum of

Given under the Day and Ttlar aforesaid.

Form in Scotland to be XVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any Person or Persons

as ioi other Offences 01

shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace in that the like Nature. Part of Great Britain called Scotland, every such Conviction shall proceed and be drawn up in the

Form commonly used and practised before such Justices of the Peace, on Convictions for other Offences of the like Nature.

XVII And

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 11. 19

XVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Certiorari, Letters of Adno Conviction, C revocation, or of Suspension, shall be granted to remove any Conviction or other Proceedings had movable by Certiorari, thereon in pursuance of this Act.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enabled by the. Authority aforesaid. That if any Per Pwfons aggrieved by the

son convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act, shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved j^sment fa Just'ce< by the Judgement of any Justice or Justices before whom he, she or they shall have been convicted - Sefifons j C r

such Pericn fnall have Liberty, from time to time, to appeal to the Justices at the next General or *

General Quarter sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, Riding, Division, City,

Liberty, Town or Place where such Judgement shall have been given; and that the Execution of the said Judgement shall, in such Case, be suspended;; Person so convicted entering into a reentering into a recogni cognizance at the Time of such Conviction, with two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which zance> with Sureties to such Person final 1 have been adjudged to payor forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal pro ecute 1 eappea‘

with Effect, and to be forth coming, to abide the Judgement and Determination of the Justices at

their said next General or General Quarter session; which Recognisance the Justice or Justices, before whomfuch Conviction shall be had, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and Justices at the Quirter the Justices in the said General or General Quarter session are hereby authorised and required, to scfli°ns to^ar3ni dt hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall fu™appeal and'award appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if upon hearing the said Appeal the Judge costs. 3 ' ment of the Justice or Justices before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant or Appellants shall immediately pay down the Sum he, she or they shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such Costs as the Justices in their said General or General Quarter sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer for defraying the ex pences sustained by'reason of any fucqappeal; and in Default of the Appellants paying the same, On the Appeal being af any Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants firmed, the Appellant shall escape, or where he, she or they shall reside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands may be committed tilt and Seals, or his Hand and Seal, commit every such Appellant and Appellants to the Common Gaol pa vment<l C ec°rts' of the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Town or Place where lie, she or they shall be apprehended, there to remain until he, she or they shall pay the Penalty or Money forfeited and Costs as aforesaid, or shall compound in respect thereof with the Informer, and pay the Compofi r Competition be irfade, tion money agreed on to the Informer; but if the Appellant or Appellants in any such Appeal shall If the Appellant make make good his, her or their Appeal, and be discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall Appeal, reason

be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants, 'against such Informer or Informers, who (in case of such: ^im. I S C e ware Conviction having been affirmed) would ihave been in titled to the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid;; which Costs final] and may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers, in like Manner as Costs given at any General or General quarter sef fton of the Peace are recoverable.

XIX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such where there is not suffi conviction shall .happen to be made within six Days beforetany General or General Quarter sef 5, lent.jjme bej''ceeft lion of the Peace, which shall beheld for the County, Riding, "Biyifion, City, Town' Corporate, Appeal mavtc made" ' Borough or Place where such Conviction shall have been made; theil the Party or Parties who ihah thead Quarter setlion. think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any such Conviction, shall and may, on entering into a Recognisance in Manner and lor thc.purposes before directed, be at Liberty to appeal, either to

the then next or to the next following General or General Quarter session of the Peace which shall be held for any such County, Riding, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Place where any such Conviction shall have been made.

XX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Action or Suit which shall Limitation of Actions be brought or commenced against any Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, in that brought against Justices, Part of Great Britain called 'England, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or and Peace Offices, under this Act, shall be commenced within six Calendar months next after the Fast committed,

and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County, City or Place where the Matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere;; that the Statute made in the twenty-fourth Year of King Aft 34geo. 2. r.44. Georgf. the Second, entitled. An Act for rendering the Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution "tended to Juihc« ae of their Office; and for indemnifying con/iahlcs, and others, ailing in Obedience to their jvarra: ts; so far tin 1, 11 Lr' 15 as the said Act relates to the rendering the justices more safe in the Execution of their Office; shall extend, and be construed to extend, to the Justice or Justices of the Peace acting under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act; and that no Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor Notice to see given to

shall any Writ be sued out, or Copy of any Writ be served upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for ^ "Officers, before

anything, done in the Execution of this Act, until seven Days after a Notice in writing shall have a; nftrthem ^ Ut been given to or left for him or them, at his or their ufua) Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the ^ '

Party intending to commence such Action;; Notice shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, and likevvife the Cause of Action or Complaint: And any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty, and may, by and if Tender of amends virtue of this Act, at any ime within seven Days after any such Notice shall have been given to be mae by tbcm' or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained oft to the Party complaining, orto the Attorney named in any such Notice; and if the same is not accepted of, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or

Actions may plead such Tender in Bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Blue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in which the Action shall be commenced : ■

D 2 And

C

I 2.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

and the same hall be found to have been sufficient, ca Verdirt to te found for them, with Certs.

Plaintiff recovering, infilled to Damages and Corts.

Limitation of other Artions,

General iituc.

Double Certs.

Limitations and Remedies for rendering Justices, Peace Officers, and other Persons safe in their Duty, extended to Scotland,

Limitation of prosecutions for Offences against this Art,

Penalties and Foifeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Rights of the two uni ■veifities reserved.

Preamble.

Explained and amended by 4 Gw, C 7.

And if upon Issue joined on such Tender, the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a verdidi for the Defendant or Defendants : And in every such Case, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action;; if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer; or if any Action or .Suit shall be brought after the Time limited by this Act for bringing the same, or fital 1 be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid;; and in every such Case, the Jury shall find a'verdidt for the Defendant or Defendants; and the Defendant or Defendants shall be intitied to his or their Costs: : if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find a Verdict against the Defendant or Defendants, on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded; then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper; and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his or her Colts against every such Defendant and Defendants. ^

XXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any other Person or Persons than a Justice or Justices, or Peace Officer, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General llfue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear foto have been done, or if a Verdict shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon a Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law for Recovery of his or their Costs.

XXII And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the above Limitations and Remedies for rendering Justices of Peace, Peace Officers, and all other Persons, safe in the Execution of their several Offices under this Act, shall extend to and be available to all such Justices of Peace, Peace Officers, and other Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and shall be pleaded by them, and sustained by the Court or Courts before which they, or any of them may happen to be sued, according to the Forms of the Law of Scotland.

XXIII Provided also, and be it lixewife enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, unless the Prosecution in order for such Conviction shall be commenced within three Days after the Offence committed; and that no Person, who shall be prosecuted to Conviction for any Offence done or committed against this Act, shall be subject or liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under any other Law.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, shall, when recovered or paid, go and be distributed in Manner following; that is to say. One Moiety thereof where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof as the Justice or Justices, before whom any Offender or Offenders against this Act shall be convicted, shall from time to time think fit and order, for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, and defraying the Charges attending the carrying the same into Execution.

XXV Provided likewise, and it is hereby enacted. That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to prejudice the ancient Rigiit or Custom of the two Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or either of them, or of their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Practice within the several Jurisdictions of the said Universities, or either of them, used to ascertain and appoint the Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale within their several Jurisdictions;; that they and every of them shall and may several ly and respectively, from time to time as there shall be Occasion, ascertain and appoint within their several and refpedtivc Jurisdictions the Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale by any Baker or other Person whatsoever within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions;; shall and may punish the Breach thereof as fully and freely in all Respects as they used to do, and as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XII

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

E your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising by the most easy Means the necessary Supplies to defray your majesty's public Expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, the several Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned, and do most humbly

‘ beseech

21

* beseech your Majesty that it may be enatfted And be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Additional Duties grant the thirty first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, over and above all Sub ed, to take Place from fidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and all other Subftdies, additional Duties and Impofttions what a" ater 31 arc soever, due or payable for all Wines and Vinegar imported into Great Britain, by any at or atsfs of Parliament now in Force, there hall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (before Landing thereof) the additional Impofttions, Rates or Duties following, without any Discount or Deduction Inwards, or Drawback on re exportation afterwards; that is to say,

For every Tonne of French Wine and French Vinegar, which hall be imported into this Kingdom, viz. On French Wines

the Sum or eight Pounds; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity. and Vinegar imported

81. per Tonne j

And also for every Tonne of all other Wines and Vinegar imported into this Kingdom, the Sum and cn.a11 other Wines

of four Pounds; and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity. and ^" c|arn‘™borted'

The same to be raised, levied, colletfted, paid and recovered in such Manner and Form, and by to be collefled, levied such Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (except as to Dilcounts and paid, as expressed in and Drawbacks aforesaid) as are mentioned and expressed in the at of Parliament made and passed the Ail of 1 Jac‘ *•. in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second, entitled, An AB for granting his Majesty an Imposition upon all jvines and Vinegar imported between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred and eighty-five, and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred and ninety three; or in any other at or Aiffs of Parliament by which the said Impofttions, or in any other at Rates and Duties upon all Wines and Vinegar imported, were continued and made perpetual; making the Duties there and all Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Articles and Clauses therein contained, not any byg'ant perpetu. ways altered by this at, hall continue in full Force and Effetft during the Continuance of the said Impofttions, Rates and Dunes hereby granted, and hall be applied, practised and executed, for the railing, levying, collcdting, securing, answering and paying the said Impofttions, Rates and Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Add, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Clauses, Matters and Things had been again repeated'and re enacted in the Body of this present Acts; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II Provided always, That nothing in this Add contained hall extend or be construed to extend. Damaged and unmer to lay any further Duties upon Wines damaged, corrupt or unmerchantable, and for which the chantable Wines CX merchants or Importers thereof shall refuse to payor secure the Duties; and which by an Add e.mp "d from these addi passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the first, entitled. An asti Geo" 1.

AB for the Improvement of his majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Inland Duties, are on such Refusal diredded to be received into the Custody of proper Officers of the Customs, to be publiclcly sold in order to be distilled into Brandy, or to be made into Vinegar.

III And it is hereby cnadded by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Impofttions, Rates and The dut!es to be Duties by this Add granted, hall from time to time be under the Management and Qiredfion of the under the Management respective Commissioners of his majesty's Customs, and their Officers for the Time being, and commissioners of the shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver Genera) of the Customs in England for the Time be Customs; and to be paid ing; and such receiver-general shall weekly, to wit, on jvednefday in every Week, if it be not an over weekly by there holy Day, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holy Day, answer and pay all ceiver General into tyre the Moneys ariftng by the said additional Impofttions, Rates and Duties (the necessary Charges of exche<lvieg raising, collecting and answering the same only excepted) into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, diftindd and apart from all other Moneys which such receiver-general shall receive for the apart from all other Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes in this Add mentioned. Moneys;

IV And be it further enadded by the Authority aforesaid, That there hall be provided and kept and to be entered accor

in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books in which all the dinsb']r proper Bo ks Moneys hereby appointed to be paid weekly into the said Receipt as aforesaid, hall be entered fepa ^puvofe'^ 1 ^

rate and apart'from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon 6 urpo L

any Account whatsoever.

‘ V And whereas by the eighth Rule annexed to the Book of Rates referred to in the Add of Rule annexed to the ‘ Tonnage and Poundage passed in the twelfth Year of the reign.of King Charles the Second, Rook of Rates.

‘ every Merchant bringing in any Sort of Wines into this Kingdom by way of Merchandise,

‘ and making due Entries thereof, is allowed twelve Pounds per Centum for Leakage: And whereas ‘ it is of late Years become a Praflice for several Merchants to lodge Spanish, Portugal, and other ‘ Wines, at the Elands of Guernsey and Jersey, and after they have filled up the Calks there, to ‘ import such Wines into this Kingdom, and demand the before mentioned Allowance for Leakage,

‘ notwithstanding the Casks aie quite full, to the lessening of his majesty's Revenue, and the Pre ‘ judice of other Merchants who import Wines directly from the Place of their Growth For Reno Allowance to be medy whereof, and in order to put all Merchants upon a more equal Fooling; Be it enacted by made !or leakage, bat the Authority aforesaid. That no Merchant fliajl, in respect of the Duties imposed by this Act, ^a"yorn the Counts be allowed twelve Pounds per Centum, ox have any Allowance for Leakage upon any Wine im ^ pue°'ofvheu°jd "

ported Growth, C

22

C I 2.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

ported into this Kingdom, imlcfs such Wine be imported directly from the Country or Place of the m.twi'ljtf nos imported Growth of the said Wine, or the usual Port or Place of its first hipping, except Madeira Wines irom the Dritifh l'lanta imported into this Kingdom from anv of his majesty's Plantations in America; anything in the

nitiw in Amitriri hr. <• < i. ini, 0 n " *

laid recited Rule to the contrary notwithstanding

tion'j in America caccepted.

From and after 5 July 3763, an additional Duty to be laid on all Cyder .and Perry $

viz On al Cyder and Perry imported, 40s, per l'on $

and upon all Cyder and i\r»y made within Cheat Britain.

4 s. per Hogftiead to be paid by the Maker

VI And he it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three there fiiall be raised, collected, levied and paid, unto and for the Use of his M'ajefiy, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Cyder and Perry which hall at any Time or Times be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies and Duties by any Act or Adds of Parliament or Law whatsoever imposed upon or payable for the same) the additional Rate or new Duty of Excise herein after expressed;; is to say,

For every Tonne of Cyder or Perry imported into Great Britain from beyond the Seas, and so proportionally for a greater or Ieffer Quantity, to be paid by the Importer before Landing, over and above all other Duties payable for the same, two Pounds,

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, there shall he raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Ileirs and Successors, for and upon all Cyder and Perry made within the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other Duties, Charges and impositions, by any former Act or Adds of Parliament thereupon respectively fet, rated or imposed) the new Duty of Excise herein after mentioned and expressed;; is to say,

For all Cyder and Perry which shall be made in Great Britain, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so proportionably for a greater or less Quantity (over and above all other Duties now payable for Cyder or Perry) the Sum of four Shillings.

VIII And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, railing, levying and securing the fa id Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and preventing Frauds therein; Be it further enabled

Duties upon Cyder and by the Authority aforesaid,, such of the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, as are Deny made m England, cf, arge(] upon Cyder or Perry made in or imported into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick and Management of^the vpon Tweed, shall he under the Receipt and Management bf the Commissioners and Officers of his Commissioners and Offi majesty's Revenues of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the said Rates and du cers of Excise there; ties as are imposed by this Act upon Cyder or Perry made in or imported into Scotland, shall be and those in Scotland, under the Receipt and Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the under like Oiiicers there. Time being; and the said respective Commissioners of Excise, or tile major part of them, have a fuffi^ien^numbercf" hereby Power, by Commission under their respective Hands .and Seals, to constitute and appoint Offers; and the Duties under them such Officers as shall be necessary in that Behalf; and all Moneys arising by and in re

to be paid into the Ex fpeft of the said Duties upon Cyder and Perry (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for

chequer apart from all the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, other Moneys. diilinftly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue.

Makers of Cyder or Per IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said fifth Day ry notbemgcompound July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, all and every Person and Persons, not being a and ^halills''prefler* Compounder or Compounders, who hall intend to make any Cyder or Perry, hall, ten Days at or other Utensils, Sioie lead: before he, fire or they hall begin to make Cyder or Perry, make, a true and particular Entry in houses, 'and othe'r Places Writing, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Cyder or Perry shall he intended to to be made ufebf, at the be made, of the respective Name or Names of such Maker or Makers, and of every Mill or Press, next Office of Excise, or ot[ler Utensil belonging to him, her or them, for the making of Cyder or Perry, and also of

bejn to work! * ^ every store house, ware house, Cellar, or other Place, wherein he, file or they intend to make,

Penalty of ufnig a'nyun lay or keep any Cyder or Perry; and if any filch Maker of Cyder or'perry shall, contrary to the Djreftions of this Act, make use of any Mill, Press, or other Utensil, or Storchouse, Warehouse, Cellar or other Place, either for the making, laying or keeping any Cyder or Perry, without having made such Entry as aforesaid, he, lhe or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty-five Pounds for every such Offence. ‘ •

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, all and every the Officers of Excise shall, at all Times in the daytime, be permitted upon their Requelf, to enter the mill house, store hcufe, ware house, Cellar, and all other Places whatfeever, belonging to, or used by any Person or Persons whatsoever, either for the making, laying or keeping of Cyder or Perry, of which Notice shall or ought to have been given as aforesaid, who at any Time or Times, from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, shall make any Cyder or Perry, and

and to gauge, and ieport to gauge and take an Account of all the Cyder or Perry which shall be there found, and shall thereof make Return or Report in Writing to the respective Commissioners cf Excise in Great Britain, or such other Person or Persons as they hall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy of such Report in Writing, under his or their Hand, with or for such Maker of Cyder or Pern'; and such Report or Return of the said Officer or Officers lliall be a Charge upon such

Maker

entered Place or Mille. 25i

Officers of Excise, upon Request made, are to have free Access in the daytime, to all Places en'eicd or made use of for making or keeping Perry or Cyder,

the Contents to the Commissioners, leaving a Copy for the Maker.

C 12,

23

Maker od Makers of Cyder or Perry; and the Amount of the Duties thereby charged, hall be paid The Duties to be paid as by such Maker .or Makers respectively, within the Space of six Weeks, to be computed from the tordl?s thercl0> within Time of making such Charge. -. kxi.

XI Provided always. That such and the like Allowances shall be made to the several Rerfons ini*lh usual Allowance chargeable with the Duties in this Act, as have been usually made to Persons chargeable with the thereof erefi'ea duties upon Cyder and Perry by former Laws. '

‘ XII And tor preventing such Frauds as might be committed by selling, or otherwise disposing

‘ of Cyder or Perry, made after the Paid fifth Day of 'July one thousand Teven hundred and sixty

‘ three, under Pretence of its having been made before the Commencement of this Act, and thereby ‘ evading the Payment of the Duty intended by this Adito be charged thereupon Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person having in his, her or their Possession any Cyder or Perry Perfwn intending to sell made before the Paid fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and intending r removu am Cvder or to sell, or otherwise dispose of or remove out of his, her or their own Possession, any Quantity of nnde before'; such Cyder or Perry, hall ten Days at the lead before the find fifth Day of July one thousand seven are to send a ligned i'ar hundred and sixty three give a true and particular Account thereof in Writing, signed by him, titular thereof to the her or them, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where he, he or they shall then inhabit, Office of Excifr, that the Officer of Excise may attend to take an Account thereof; and after such Account hall be ‘ "m? delivered in, it shall be lawful for the Officer and Officers of Excise to enter i 1 to the several Places attenand takela belonging to such Person or Persons where such Cyder or Perry shall be laid or kept, and to take an Account thereof, exact Account thereof by gauging or otherwise; and it shall be lawful for him, upon a Request in and grant Certificates

Writing from the Person wiio has given in such Account, from time to time to grant Certificates occafi°nally for the Re

for the Removal of a like Quantity of Cyder or Perry, and no more, without charging the Duty whhout charging the granted by this Act, diftinguiffiing in such Certificates, that the Cyder or Perry was made before Duty, C the Commencement of the Duty granted by this al.

Xm. And for the preventing of Frauds in the Removal of Cyder or Perry, and for securing the Duty granted by this albe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after No cy jeror Perry, ex the aid fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, - no Cyder or Perry exceeding e' ed>ns 6 Gallons, to L the Quantity of six Gallons shall be removed or carried from any Part of this Kingdom, by Land certificate "U U" or by Water, without a Certificate (which the Officers of Excise are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward, upon Request of the Person desiring to remove such Cyder or Perry) to accompany the same, signed by one or more of the Officers of Excise, signifying and certifying the Quantity of such Cyder and Perry, and the Number of Casks or Package containing the same, and the Name of the Person from whom the same is removed, and the Place to which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Cyder or Perry is to be sent;; distinguishing therein, whether the same is to be removed from the Mill where the same was made, into the premises of any Compounder, or of any Person exempted by this al from paying Duty, or compounding, or of any other Person chargeable with the said Duty; and if removed out of the Stock or store house of any Compounder or other Person, then diftinguifning from whose Stock or store house the same is intended to be removed, or whether the same was Cyder or Perry made before the Commencement of the Duty granted by this Act; and if the same mall have been charged with the said Duty, or any other Duty, then with what Duty the same has been so charged; or if condemned, then that the same had been condemned as forfeited; upon Pain of forfeiting the Cyder or Perry, on Forfeiture tlier of, together with the Casks, Vefieis, or other Package containing the same, which shall be found re with the ^acka.8e moving or carrying from one Place to another without such Certificate, and which shall and may so*aafame 6 be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise;; which Certificate the Officer or Officers of Ex ime to be limited, for cife who grant the same, shall express and limit the Time for which the same hall continue in which ihe Certificate is Force. to be in Force.

‘ XIV And whereas many of his majesty's Subiedls do make Cyder or Perry', Part of which is ‘ intended not to be sold, but to be confirmed in their own private Families only For the better Accommodation of such Persons, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Persons making Cyder or such Person shall be desirous of compounding for the Duties on Cyder and Perry to be confirmed in ^d'/orvn aate^m'i t'neir own private Families only, it shall be lawful for the said respective Commissioners of Excise i: es only, may be admit for the Time being, or the major Part of them respectively, or such'person or Persons as they, or ted to compound for the major Part of them hall respectively appoint for that Purpose, and in Derault of such Appoint the Duties, ment, then for the Colledlor and Supervisor for the diuriel and Division within which such Person doth or shall inhabit, upon receiving from the Person who shall so desire to make such Composition they giving in a List of an exact List signed by him or her, of the several Persons whereof his or her Family consist i'pe the Number in Family, cifying their Christian and Surnames therein) to compound and agree with fiicli Person or Persons and psymg^the Rate for the Duty'of four Shillings granted by this Action Cyder and Perry, to be confirmed in their anuna' a ' Pe' own private Families only, at the Rate of five Shillings per Annum, for the Number of Persons Compofi'uon tobere which finall be mentioned in such List; which Composition shall last for one Year, and be renewed n|wcd annually, and the annually, and the Money arising thereby shall be paid down at the lefpedlivs Times of making the Money paid down at the Compositions;; that the Houses, out houses, store houles, Cellars, or other Places of fitch Of Com

particular Persons making such Composition and Agreement as aforesaid, and paying such Compo pcundcrsexempted0from fition money, and duly complying with their Payments thereupon, shall not be liable to the Survey Surveyor Search, or Search of any Officer or Officers of Excise, for or by reason of his or their making Cyder or upon 'lncreafe of the Perry as aforesaid j and in case the Family of the Person making the Composition shall be increased, famih» a new

* be g venin 5

24

C I 2.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

at any Time during the Year compounded.for, then every Person whose Family hall be so increased hail deliver in an additional List containing the Names of the several Persons added to the Family, and 5 d. per Month per who hall then also pay down a proportionable Composition for the Persons so added, videlicet, five Its,, ', be paid for the pcncc for each Calendar Month that shall be unexpired of the Year, for which his or her compofi r 1 n-11heri!ifitu ng uncx tonne was mac, for each and every Person so added, and in like Manner fresh Lists filial] be delivered, pi, eo Term of the Year, and Compositions made accordingly every Year; and in Case any Person having compounded shall Compounders ncpleaing ncglefl to deliver such Lists, or to pay the composition money from'year to Year, by the Space of to deliver in the.lifts, ten Days after the Expiration of each rcfpetslive Year, the Person so neglehing shall be charged by the Officer of Excise with the Duty of four Shillings for every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry, which hall be found in his or her cuftojy; which Charge the Officer or Officers of Excise are hereby required to make, and iuch Pei soils shall become subject to the Survey of the said Officers; and if any Person, who hall compound in pursuance of the Power hereby given, hall deliver in a List which does not contain the true Number with the Names of the several Persons of which his or her family then really consisted of; or if any Person shall neglect to deliver in a List of the Number and Names of any Increase that may happen in his or her Family, according to the Directions of this AH, or to pay the proportionable Composition as aforesaid, the Party so offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XV Provided always. That no Compounder shall be obliged to insert in such List, the Names

or Age not to be inferied of ]is or her Children under the Age of eighc Years, or to reckon them as Part of his or her in the Lists. Family.

XVI And as it may frequently happen that such Persons, who shall make Compositions for the Duties on Cyder and Perry to be consumed in their own private Families, may have larger Quantities of Cyder or Perry than is necessary to he expended for the Use of their refpehive Families; to the end therefore that he, she or they may be empowered to sell, orotherwise dispose of, or remove any Quantity of Cyder or Perry, and that his majesty's Duties may be secured for the same, when and so often as any such Compounder or Compounders shall be desirous of selling, or other ways disposing of any Cyder or Perry, or of removing of the same, and shall have given to the Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where ills, her or their yvare house or Storehouse, Cellar or other Place, for making, laying or keeping Cyder or Perry, shall be situate, two Days Notice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to sell, or otherways dispose of, or remove any Quantity of Cyder or Perry, fpecifving in such Notice the particular Quantity of Cyder or Perry he, she or they intended to sell, or otherways dispose of or remove, and also the Description of the particular ware house, store house, Cellar or Place where such Quantity of Cyder or Perry shall then he laid or kept, and of the Place to which the same is intended to be removed or sent; the Officer of Excise,

take an Account thereof, having received such Notice, is hereby authorised and required to attend at the said store house, ware house, Cellar or other Place, and then and there to ent r the same, and to gauge and take Account of the particular Quantity of Cyder or Perry so intended to be sold or otherways disposed of or removed, and to charge thereon the said Duty after the Rate of four Shillings for every hogs head, and thereof to make a Return or Report in Writing to the Commissioners of Excise, or such other Person or Persons as they filial 1 appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy of such Re

and \ ay their composition money, to be •charged with the Duty, and become liable to Survey.

Persons delivering false •or defective Lists, C

forfeit 201,

Children under 8 Years

Compounders may sell, xhfpofe of, or remove any Cyder or Perry more than (Efficient for their own Use,

giving two Days Notice to the proper Officer,

vho is to attend, and

and charge the Duties,

and report the same to the Excise Office j leaving a Copy with the Compounder,

port in Writing, under his or their Hand, with or for such Compounder or Compounders; and

to he af: erwards removed without a Certificate. Compounders being guilty of any Fraud,

forfeit 201.

such Report or Return of tiie Laid Officer or Officers hall be a Charge upon such Compounder or Such Cyder or Perry not Compounders; and after the Duties are so charged, the said Cyder or Perry shall not be removed, on any Pretence, without such Certificate as aforesaid to accompany the same, to prevent the Seizure thereof; and if any Compounder or Compounders for the Duty on Cyder or Perry, to be consumed in his, her or their own private Family or Families only, hall fraudulently sell, exchange, barter, or deliver out any Cyder or Perry to any Person or Persons Contrary to the true Meaning of this at, or shall sell or otherwise dispose of or remove any fueh Cyder or Perry, without having first given such Notice as aforesaid, or before the Duty granted by this AH is charged thereon, he, he or they filial 1 rcfpehively forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

‘ XVII And whereas many Makers of Cyder or Perry are not possessed of Mills, or other proper ‘ Utensils for making Cyder or Perry, but either hire or borrow the same of others for that Purpose;;

* though the permitting Makers of Cyder or Perry who have such Mills and other Utensils,

‘ and are Compounders, to set out or lend their Mills and Utensils, may appear reasonable, yet ‘ considerable Frauds may be prahifed thereby, to the Prejudice of his majesty's Revenue and the

* fair Truder, unless such Permission is granted under proper reftrihions To the end therefore that such Persons may be accommodated, and that his majesty's Duty may he secured;; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Maker or Makers of Cyder or Perry, being a Compounder or

nocompocnder may Compounders for the Duty granted by this Act for the Cyder or Perry to be consumed in his, her let our, or lend his Mill, or their Family or Families, fttall, during the Time he, (lie or they hall compound for the said or ot, er utensils, for Duty, let out or lend his, her or their Mill or Mills, or other Utensil or Utensils, to any other

t.ng y er or erry, person or persons for the Purpose of making Cyder or Perry, or permit or suffer the same, or any

of them to be used for the Purpose aforesaid, unless he, he or they shall have given, or caused to

have been given, to the Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where his, her or their Mill or

without giving 3 Days Mills, or other Utensils hall be situate. Notice in Writing by the Space of three Days next before previous Notice to the the L ime he, flic or they shall permit such Mill or Mills, or other Utensils to he used by or on the proper Officer to attend, behalf of any other Person or Persons for the making of Cyder or Perry, Unifying thereby that he,

and C range t C utics; fljg 0]. They have ]cnt or ]et out h; 5j her or their MU] or Mills, or other Utensil or Utensils, and to

wfiom

A.D... 1762.

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 12.

25

whom by Name, and whose Apples or Pears are therein to be ground, pressed, and made into Cyder or Perry, and requiring such Officer of Excise to attend at the Mill or other Place l'o to be made use of, to take an Account of the Cyder or Perry which shall be there made, and to charge the Duty granted by this Act thereupon; unless it shall appear that the Cyder or Perry so made is real] y and unleis die Cyder or Perry bona side the Property of any other Compounder for the Duty on Cyder or Perry to be consumed in be the Property of an his or her private Eamily only, or to be the Property of any Person not liable as herein after men h' r, pt tioned to pay the said Duty, or to compound within the Meaning of this Act; and such Cyder or ji'y "™t=be "ot Perry shall not be removed, on any Pretence, without such Certificate as aforesaid to accompany and no Part ot it to bi the same, to prevent the Seizure thereof: And if any Maker or Makers of Cyder or Perry, during removed without acer the Time he, he or they shall compound for the Duty granted by this Act for Cyder or Perry totificatei be consumed in his, her or their private Family or Families, shall let out or lend his, her or their Mill or Mills, or other Utensil or Utensils, to any other Person or Persons for the Purpose of making Cyder or Perry, or shall permit or fufter the same, or any of them, to be used for that Purpose, without giving such Notice in Writing as aforesaid, he, file or they shall respectively forfeit and un<3ar Penalty of to S. lose for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds.

XVIII Provided always, and it is hereby declared, 'That every Person who uses his or her own Persons uling their own

Mill, Press, or other Utensil for the making of Cyder or Perry for his or her own Use, or procures Mills, cor procuring Cyder or Perry to be made for him or her at the Mill or Press, or in the Utenllls of an x/iurr&c°oftn

other Person, shall be deemed to be a Maker of Cyder or Perry within the Intent and Meaning otherverfo'n, fcraed"7 of this Act. Makers.

XIX Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this Act, or anything therein Compounders formau,

contained, shall not extend to oblige any Person or Persons who do or shall pay the Composition not liable to compound' established by Law for the Duties on Malt, during such Time as he, she or they shall compound or pay Duiies, for Cyder for the said Duties on Malt, and no longer, to compound for or pay the Duties on Cyder or or p«>y> t0 bemade and Perry granted by this Act, for the Cyder or Perry he, she or they shall make, to be consumed in their owa

his, her or their private Family or Families only : But if such Compounder or Compounders for the ‘ '

Dudes on Malt shall be desirous of selling, or otherwise disposing of or removing any Cyder or of'any

Perry, he, she or they shall be obliged to comply with the several Directions herein before parmhcreof in which appointed to be observed by compounders for the Duty on Cyder and Perry granted by this Act, Case they are to comply under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and the like Powers and Authorities, as are hereby enacted with the Directions given for regulating the lame. with respect to Como

0 pounders in like Circum

fishces.

XX Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That this Act, or anything therein Occupiers of Tenements

contained, shall not extend to oblige the Occupiers of such Tenements as are not rated to the Land not rated above 40s. pec Tax, at above forty Shillings per Annum, and pay accordingly, and who shall not make more than Ann to thelrnd Tax'» four Hogsheads of Cyder and Perry together in the whole, in any one Year, to pay the Duty t^?nn°h^, }}11enadro0fe granted by this Act upon Cyder and Perry, or to compound for the same. cydefandwry in the

Whole in a Year, exempted from Duties, or compounding.

XXL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Duty of four Shillings per Hogshead upon Cyder or Perry charged by this Act, shall and may be drawn back on the Exportation of such Cyder or Perry, by the lame Means and Methods, and under the same Rules and Directions, as the other Duties, or any of them, now payable for Cyder or Perry, may be drawn back on the Exportation thereof; and also that the said Duty on Cyder and Perry granted by this Act,, shall be drawn back or allowed upon the Diftillatfon of Cyder or Perry into Low Wines and Spirits, by the same Means and Methods, and under the same Rules and di reftions as the other Duties, or any of them, now payable for Cyder or Perry, may be drawn back or allowed upon the Distillation thereof; and in Case any Cyder or Perry which has been charged with, and hath paid the said Duty of four Shillings granted by this Act, shall hereafter, by being unfit for Sale as Cyder or Perry, be charged with the Duties on Vinegar, it shall be lawful for three or more of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or two Justices of the Peace, within their several Jurisdictions, on Proof that such Cyder or Perry hath been charged with, and paid the fiid Duty granted by this Act, and that the same Cyder or Perry hath been also charged with the Duties on Vinegar, to discharge or allow the Duty granted by this Act, which they arc hereby required to do.

XXII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if from and after the said fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, any Person or Persons whatsoever shall affaulc, refill, oppose, moled or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due seizing or feeuring of any Cyder or Perry which by any Officer or Officers of Excise fnall or may be seized by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given and granted; or shall by Force or Violence refeue or cause to be refeued any Cyder or Perry, after the same shall have been seized by such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, or shall attempt or endeavour foto do; or after such Seizure shall stave, break, or otherwise destroy or Damage any Casks, vessels or Package wherein the same shall be contained; all and every the Party or Parties, so offending shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Information shall be brought, laid, or prosecuted against any Maker of Cyder or Perry, for any false or mif entry, or for any Offence made or committed from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand fe

vnu'tx. - V

ven

Duties on Cyder and Perry drawn buck on Exportation j

and upon Distillation thereof into Low Wines and Spirits j

and upon the same being made into Vinegar, ana charged with the Duties as such,

501. Penalty of oppofmg an Officer in the execu cution of his Office j 4

or of refeuing,

or flaving any Cyder or Perry after Seizuie made thereof.

Informations for Offences against this Act by the Makers of Cyder or Perry,

C I 2.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762*

to be laid within three ven hundred and sixty three, unless such Information be laid and entered before such Persons ap months after committed j pointed to determine the same, within three Months next after such Offence committed; and that and Notice thereof to be Notice thereof lie given to such Person or Persons (against whom such Information shall be laid) in given thorn. Writing, or left at their Dwelling Houses, within one Week after .the laying and entering such Information,

to the End a timely Prosecution may be had and made in defending the same; anything in this Add, or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Persons aggrieved ly the XXIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either Party think him, her judgement of any Ju or themselves aggrieved by any Judgement or Order to be given or made by any Justices of the Peace, ftiees of the Peace, jn pursuance of this present Add, touching or concerning the Duties hereby granted, or any Penalty pe^altiev^6 uties r an Forfeiture relating to the same; it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, so may appeal to the Quar finding him, her or themselves aggrieved hy such Judgement or Order, to appeal from the same to the ter Sessions, Justices assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holder) for the County,

and the Determination of Shire, or Stewartry, where such Judgement or Order shall have been made; which said Justices of the said Court is to be the Peace, or the maj or Part of them, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same; and no Writ of Certiorari shall be allowed or brought to fet aside any Determination of the said Justices.

Appellants to give No XXV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Party or Parties soap ticc to the other Parties, pealing shall give Notice in Writing by the Space of six Days next before such Sessions shall be held

as aforesaid, to the Party or Parties of the other Side of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, or the major Part of them, in their Quarter Sessions, to awards Costs to either Party as they shall in their Discretion think fit, to be levied by Warrant of the Justices of the Peace of such County, Shire, or Stewartry, or any two or more of them, on the Goods and Chatties of the Party or Parties against whom the same shall be awarded.

XXVI Provided always, That in case there be not the Space of six Days between the first Judgement or Order of the two Justices, and the Quarter Sessions then next following,

real may be made to the that then the Appeal may be made at the second Quarter Sessions after such Judgement or Order

second Quarter Sessions. mae

XXVII And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That upon each and every such Appeal and Appeals, the Justices assembled at such Quarter Sessions respectively, shall and may proceed to rehear, re examine and reconsider the Truth and Merits of the Sail and Fails in Question between the Parties to such original Judgement and Judgments respectively, and to re examine the Witnesses thereto upon Oath; and that thereupon the said Justices so assembled shall and may finally determine of and concerning the Truth and Merits of the Sail and Fails in Question;; if at such Quarter Sessions any Defeit or Defeils of Form shall be found in such Proceedings before the particular Justices who gave such original Judgement or Judgments, that then and in every such Case, such Defeit or Defeils of Form shall and may be reitified by the Order or Orders of such Justices so assembled in such Quarter Sessions.

All Powers, Rules, Me XXVIII And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, Tnat all and every the Powers, ihods, Penalties, and Authorities, Rules, Methods, Penalties and.forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in ortn any" other acre' ant y an Ail made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An h; injz to the Revenue of for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and hy Knights Service Excite, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in

Force relating to his majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, colleiting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties or Penalties thereby granted, and for pre ^rror]red^th‘s vent'n| detefling and punishing Frauds relating thereto (not otherwise altered by this Ait) shall be tion'with're^ec" toyhe* exereifed, praitifed, applied, used, imposed, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for the fe -- ■ - curing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, colleiting, paying, mitigating and adjudging, afeer

taining and recovering the Duties on Cyder and Perry, and Penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, deteiling and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Direitions, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again enailed in the Body of this present Ait.

XXIX And be it further enailed by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by such Part of this Ail as relates to Cyder and Perry, shall be sued for, levied, vered, mitigated, and ap recovered or mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture applied. ‘ is or may be sued for, recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Aition of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer i Scotland refpeilively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who, shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

‘ XXX And whereas the Duty by this AS imposed on Cyder and Perry, is required to be paid 4 by the Makers thereof: And whereas in the Case of Importation of Cyder or Perry from the 4 Iilands of jersey, Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, the Makers of Cyder or Perry imported from thence Duty on Cyder and Perry cannot be charged with the said Duty; ' Be it therefore enabled hythe Authority aforefaiu, That

brought from Jersey,

Guernsey, Sark, or Alderney, to be paid by the Importer before Landing,

the

and Court to award Costs.

For Want of sufficient Time intervening, Ap

A Re 1, caring to be had of the Merits of the Case upon Appeals;

and Defects of Form In the original Proceedings may be rectified by the Court.

Duties on Cyder and Ferry.

Slew the Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto are to be reco

C 12»

27

the said Duty of four Shilling per Hogshead shall be paid by the Importer from the said Islands, or

either of them, before the Landing thereof, to the Collector or other Officer of Excise, at the Fort

to which such Cyder or Perry shall be brought; and upon Neglect or Refusal to pay the said p«nalty ef being

Duty, such Cyder or Perry shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer 0ffelzed and forieltcd'

Excise.

XXXI And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of The Moneys arising by

the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer Books shall be provided and kept, in which all the the refpecuve Dunes Moneys arising by the additional Impositions, Rates and Duties upon Wines and Vinegar by this fc^terer/rr^oper10 Aft granted, and the Duties by this Act. granted upon Cyder and Perry, and respectively paid into Books in the auditor's the said Receipt, shall be separately entered, distinct and apart from each other, and from all other Office separately from Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefiors, upon any Account whatsoever; and each other, and from the said Moneys so arising from the said additional Impositions, Rates and Duties upon Wines and allothej M™'C5.

Vinegar, and the said Duties upon Cyder and Perry, and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, sallow; J purudn0fe, 01" 3 shall be the Fund for the Purposes herein after mentioned. _ U 6 ^urpoto

XXXII And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That the Annuities The said Duties appro which by this Act; are herein after directed to attend the principal Sum of three millions and five Priated for the Payment hundred thousand Pounds, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the said act f, the A, nnu‘"es.cha, southeast ditional Impositions, Rates and Duties by tin's Aft granted upon Wines and Vinegar, and the Du of », 5oo, oool?borrcwed ties granted by this Act upon Cyder and Perry, composing the Fund hereby established for the 0n\he Credit of this Payment thereof; and the said additional Impositions, Rates and Duties upon Wines and Vine Act.

gar, and the said Duties upon Cyder and Perry are hereby appropriated for that Purpose accordingly.

‘ XXXIII And whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have resolved,

‘ That towards the Supply granted to his Majesty in this present Session of Parliament, the Sum of ‘ three millions and five hundred thousand Pounds to raised in Manner following; that is to say,

* The Sum of two millions and eight hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, after the Rate of four ‘ Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferrable at the Bank of England, and redeemable by Parlia ‘ ment and the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, by two Lotteries, to be drawn at'different ‘ Times in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, each Lottery to eonfifl of thirty ‘ five thousand Tickets, and every Blank to be of the value of five Pounds; the Blanks and Prizes ‘ to be attended with the like transferrable and redeemable Annuities : And whereas pursuant to and ‘ upon the several Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in

* Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together, the Whole of the said

* of three millions and five hundred thousand Pounds, and made Deposits with the Cafhicr or'

‘ Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of twelve Pounds and ten Shil

* lings per Centum, in Part of the Sums subscribed towards the said Sum of two millions and eight ‘ hundred thousand Pounds, and of ten Pounds per Centum, in Part of the Sum subscribed towards

‘ railing the Sum of three hundred and fifty thousand Pounds upon each of the said Lotteries Be Subtcrlbars who rutfu it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Per ant t0 a"refolution of sans. Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, on or before the fifteenth Day of the Commons havem.ida March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, shall have subscribed towards the said Sums, and Depofitsof 12i. tos. per made in respect thereof such Deposits as aforesaid, to advance and pay, and they or their Executors, Cent, of the Sums fub administrators, Suceelfors and Assigns are hereby required to advance and pay unto the Cashier or theparchafcof snnui cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, which Cashier or Cafhicrs is ties on the Sum of and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any other 2, 800, 0001. and of iol. Warrant to be had on that Behalf, the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively fub Percent °nthesum of feribed towards the said Sum of three millions and five hundred thousand Pounds, at or before the cool .upon eachof respective Times or Days, and in the Proportions herein after limited and appointed on that Be mak/their*furtherpav half; that is to say, In respect of their proportionable Share of the said Sum of two Millions and merits, viz. eight hundred thousand Pounds, the further Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum, inrerpect of their pro being Part of the Sum so remaining, on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred poitional Share of and sixty three; the further Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum, other Part thereof, z^cent°b to Mayo on or before the sixteenth Day of June then next following; the further Sum of twelve Pounds and jv], j percent, 'by ten Shillings per Centum, other Part thereof, on or before the twenty first Day of July then next fol 16 June, lowing; the further Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum, other Part thereof, on or 12b 10s. percent, by before the thirtieth Day of Augttft then next following; the further Sum twelve Pounds and ten 11 jui)»

Shillings per Centum, other Part thereof, oil or before the twenty seventh Day of September then next " ^ui0us(j per ent' y following; the further Sum of twelve Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum, other Part thereof, on iai. 10^.'per Cent, by' or before the twenty first Day of October then next following; and the remaining Sum of twelve 27 Sept.

Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of November then next 12b tos. percent. by following; and in respect of their proportionable Share of the Moneys to be contributed on the first 11..

Lottery, the remaining Sum of ninety Pounds per Centum, on or before the twenty first Day of®"s* *

April one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, for completing the Payments in respect of Nov. 1761!" y - the said Lottery; and in respect of the proportionable Share of the Moneys to be contributed and in respect of the on the second Lottery, the remaining Sum of ninety Pounds per Centum, on or before the ele Moneys in theffiftlot venth Day of osiober then next following, for completing the Payments in respect of such fe. tery, 90.1. percent, by cond Lottery. and of the Second Lottery

ool per Cenr. by

E z XXXIV And 11 October .763.

C 12.

Anno tertio Georgia III

A, D. 1762.

Annuitantsimitled 104i. XXXIV And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Subscribers or percent. Intrreft on the Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Succefiors and Assigns, in respect of the said Sum of 1 bum 0 2, uco, ooa. twq mjijjons anj eight hundred thousand Pounds, shall be inti tied to an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for and upon every one hundred Pounds by them refpectivcly and 10 a Ticket m each subscribed, advanced and paid towards the Paid Sum, redeemable by‘parliament; and shall also for 1 u^'fcnbed 11 Pay every eighty Pounds so subscribed towards the said Sum of two millions and eight hundred thousand irsn/'ot jo I for iucli Pounds, be inti tied to a "Picket in each of the said Lotteries, upon Payment of the Sum of ten Ticket. the700, 000). Pounds for every such Ticket; and that the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds so raised by the raised by cite Lotteries to (hid Lotteries, shall carry an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redetm carry an Annuity of 4i. : lb]e | y Parliament; and that all the said Annuities shall commence and be computed from the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and flxty three, and shall be paid by half yearly Payments, in even and equal Portions, on the tenth Day of octibcr and the fifth Day of April in every Year.

percent. Annuities to take Pkce on 5 April j 763 and to be paid half yearly, .viz. on 10 Oil. and 5 April. Contributors paving in

XXXV and^be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Subfcribcrs or Con

the Whole of the

the Whole of ths.r Sub tributors, their Executors, Administrators, Succefiors and Assigns, payin

icnptions towards the C r lc. jl.j r ■, n r, ° 1

said Sum of 2, 800, 000)

icnptions towards the ums |, y them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of two millions and eight hundred thou

on or before 18 Ott. fond Pounds, on or before the eighteenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty or towards the first Lot three; or paying in the Whole of the Sums subscribed towards the first Lottery, on or before the te: y on or before 2, 0 twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and flxty three; or paying in the Whole of ftccnd "ottcr^onv it tic ums subscribed towards the second Lottery, on or before the tenth Day of October then next forego oct to be si C following; shall be entitled to an Allowance of so much Money as the Interest of the respective lowed Interest for ihe Sums so paid in shall amount to, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the f.me, at the Rate of 3 1. Day on which such Payments shall have been adluallv made, to the twenty-fourth Day of November percent, per Ann. from one thousand seven hundred and flxty three, in respect of the Moneys so paid for completing their mento Nov ire Contributions to the said Sum of two millions and eight hundred thousand Pounds; and to the fpeft of°the fa d Sum'of twenty first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and flxty three, in respect of the Moneys so 2, 800 cool, and to 21 paid for completing their Contributions for the first Lottery; and to the eleventh Day of October April, ia reipedt of the one thousand seven hundred and flxty three, in respect of the Moneys so paid for completing their firrt Lottery, and to Contributions for the second Lottery; which Allowances shall be paid by the said Cashiers out of Lottery' Xid thofepav le Moneys so contributed respectively, as foon'as such Subfcribcrs or Contributors, their execu int in the Whole of their tors, Administrators, Succeirors or Assigns shall have completed such respective Payments; and that Subfcri pt ion towards each all the Subfcribcrs or Contributors towards the said Lotteries, their Executors, Administrators, of the said Lotteries to Succefiors or Assigns, paying in the Whole of the Sums subscribed towards each or either of the said have I ickets delivered Lotteries, shall also have Tickets for the Lottery, in respect whereof every such Payment shall be completed, delivered to them to the Amount of the Sums so respectively paid, at the Rate of ten Pounds for each 'Picket, as soon as such Tickets can conveniently be made out.

XXXVI And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid shall be transferrable at the Bank of" England.

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall have received or shall receive any Part of the said Conti ibutions towards the said Sum of two millions and eight hundred thousand Pounds, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums, and that the Receipts to be given shall be assignabie, by Endorsement thereupon made, at any Time before the fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and flxty three, and no longer.

them to the Amount of their Subscriptions.

Annuities transferrable at the Bank.

Cafliier of the Bank to

give Receipts for the .Moneys paid inj

which are assignable at any Time before 5 Dec, 1763.

Cafliier to give Securhy; XXXVIII Provided always, That such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the good Liking of any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer for the Public Ule, all the Moneys which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive from time to time, of and for the said Sum of three millions and five hundred thousand Pounds, and for ac sna tn pay the Mamas counting duly for the same, anu for Performance of the Trust hereby in them reposed;; shall into the Exchequer. from time to time pay all such Moneys as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any Part thereof, or within five Days afterwards at the fnrtheft, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof, dedudlirg thereout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act; for which Sums so paid Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

Treasury to apply the XXXIX A nd he it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful Monits to; hc services fov tiret. or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time be vote y - min -- n to issue and apply, from time to time, all such Sums of Moneyas shall be so paid into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer by the said Cafliier or Cashiers, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of Great Britain in this present Session of Parliament.

Contributors Names, C; And he it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Office of the Accomptant

fi°crfvhe'aecom'tant" General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Gjncuai or the Bank. Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered;

which Bosk or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Succefiors and Assigns, shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, resort to and

infpedl

A. D. 1762:

Anno tertio gm&gii III

C 12.

29

inspect without any Fee or Charge; and that the faidiacpomptant Genera] shall, on or before the Duplicate thereof tote fifth Day of July one thousand (even hundred and sixty five, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairiy m, t0 tll8 Au"

written on Paper, of the said Rook or Books into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his s ll"e 5 '5 y majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XLI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contributors, duly pay contributors duly paying ing the whole Sum or Sums subscribed at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that theirsubfcriptions, inri behalf, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Succellors and Assigns, fhn.31 have, receive ^jr*°ina tph°annuufe' and injoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and'injoy their proportionable Share unredeemed by '-'* the said Annuities of four Pounds per Cenimn per Annum by this Act granted, and shall have ljamem; good and sure Intereifs and Estates therein, subject nevertheless to Redemption, as is .herein after mentioned; and that all the Annuities by this Act granted shall be free from all Taxes, Charges the same to be tax free, and Impositions whatsoever.

xlil. Provided always, That in case any such Contributors who have already depoftted with, Contributors not making or shall hereafter pay to the said Cafnier or Cashiers, any Sum or Sums of Money at the Times and good their Payments in the Manner before mentioned, in Part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed to withm the time limited, wards the said Sum of two millions and eight hundred thousand Pounds, or their respective Execu lc 01 elt 1 le, ‘ T 1 tors, Administrators, successors or Assigns, flail not advance and pay to the said Caftiier or Cashiers the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned; then and in every such Case, so much of the respective Sum or Sums so subscribed as flail have been actually paid in Part thereof to the said Caftiier or Cashiers, flail be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public; and all Right and Title to the said Annuity after the Rate of four Poundi per and all Right to the said Centum per Annum in respect thereof, shall be extinguiftied; anything in this Act contained to the Annuities, contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as any Contributors, Principal Sums to be their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Alligns, flail have completed their Payments of the P w the Credit of whole Sum payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of two millions and eight hundred the tcfpeaive cuntnbu thoutand Pounds, the Principal Sum or Sums so by them subscribed and paid respectively, flail t0‘s ' forthwith be in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, completing such Payments refpsc tively; and the Persons to whose Credit such Principal Sum shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, succefl'ors or Assigns, flail and may have Power to assign and transfer the The may bs same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any .other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies air, siiccb Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of england, and such Sums flail carry and carry Annuities of an Annuity after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and 41- Per ctnt ([hall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

XLIV And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time or Times it Deficiencies of the Fund hall happen that the Produce of the fund by this .Act established for Payment of the said Annuities, eftablifced for Payment flail not be sufficient to pay and discharge the same, and other charges directed to be paid at the ot the fald Annuities, to End of any or either of the respective half yearly Days of Payment, at which the same are hereby w iwiji_ ^ directed to be paid; then and so often, and in every such Case, such Deficiency or Deficiencies flail ing'fund"; and may be supplied out of any of the Moneys which at any Time or Times flail be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluses, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues compofmg the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former Adfor Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund flail and may be from time to time issued and applied accordingly; and if at any Time or Times before any Moneys of the said Duties flail be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there flail happen to be a want of Money for

Eaying the said Annuities, which flail be actually incurred and grow n due at any of the half yearly lays of Payment before mentioned, that then and in every such Case, the Money so wanted flail and maybe supplied out of the Moneys of the Sinking Fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

XLV Provided always, and be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys Which are to be replaced flail be issued out of the Sinking Fund, final! from time to time be replaced by and out of the first out of the first Supplies. Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament.

XLVI Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there flail be Surplus Moneys reserved any Surplus or Remainder of the said additional Impositions, Rates and Duties upon Wines and for the Difpofkion of Vinegar, and of the said Duties upon Cyder and Perry by this Act granted and established, as the Parllalucnt.

Fund for Payment of the said Annuities, after the said Annuities and Charges and all Arrears thereof are satisfied, or Money sufficient flail be reserved for that Purpose; such Surplus or Remainder flail from time to time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and flail not be issued but by the Authority of Parliament, and as flail be directed by future Actor Acts of Parliament; anything in any former or other Actor Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.,

XLVII And for establishing a proper Method for drawing the said Lotteries, Be it further Managers and Diretfors enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as any three or more of the Commissioners of.the ^ot, e, y f 1, 0 ap of his majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being flail nominate or appoint, Pomted, hs ileafur)' flail be Managers and Diredtors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, and to order, do and perform such other Matters and Things as are hereafter in 1. and

be made good from time to time out of the Sink

C 12. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

Method of the Lottery Kooks.

35, 000 Tickets to be printed off.

and by this Act directed and appointed by such Managers and Diredlors to be done and performed; and that such Managers or Directors shall meet together, from time to time, at iomc Publick Office or Place for the Execution of the Powers and Trults in them reposed by this Act; and that the Paid Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall for each of the said Lotteries cause Books to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into three Columns; and upon the innermost of the said three Columns there shall be printed thirty five thousand Tickets, to be numbered I, II III and so onwards in an arithmetical Prcgreffion, where the common Excess is to be One, until they rise to and for the Number of thirty-five thousand;; upon the middle Column in every of the said Books shall be printed thirty-five thousand Tickets of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner, and in the extreme Column of the said Books there shall be printed a Third Rank or Series of Tickets, of the same Number with those of the other two Columns; which Tickets shall several ly be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourifnes or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them shall think mod safe and convenient; and that every Ticket in the said Third or extreme Column of the said Books, for the First Lottery, shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such Ticket) Words to this Effect:

FIRST LOTTERY, 1763.

C THE Bearer hereof is entitled to Five Pounds, in Annuities, at the Rate of Four Pounds C Jl per Centum per Annum, attending the First Lottery, to be drawn pursuant to an Act of ‘ Parliament made in the third Year of his majesty's Reign, or to a better Chance.'

And that every Ticket in the Third or extreme Column of the said Books, for the Second Lottery, shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the Number of such 1 icket) Words to this Effect:

SECOND LOTTERY, 1763.

C r | V H E Bearer hereof is entitled to Five Pounds, in Annuities, at the Rate of Four Pounds

‘ per Centum per Annum, attending the Second Lottery, to be drawn pursuant to an Act of

‘ Parliament made in the third Year of his majesty's Reign, or to a better Chance, '

Managers to examine the

Books with the Tickets, and deliver them after to the Cafliiers of the Bank, taking a Receipt for the same.

Cafliiers to issue a Ticket for every iol. received, & C

Cashiers to return the Books with the Remainder of the Tickets undisposed, in respect of the first Lottery, by 4 May 3 and of ihe second, by 2.9 October

and account for the Moneys received. "

Tickets undisposed of to be delivered into the Exchequer,

XLVIII And it is hereby enacted. That the said Managers and Dircdlors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them then present, shall carefully examine the said respective Books, with the Tickets therein, and take Care that the same be contrived, numbered and made according to the true Intent and Meaning ofithis Act, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered the same Books, and every or any of them relpeclively as they shall be examined, to the said Calhier or Cafliiers, taking from such Cashier or Cashiers, an Acknowledgment in Writing tinder his or their Hand or Hands, importing his or their Receipt of such Book or Books, and so many Tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or them respectively; and all and every such Calhier or Cafliiers respectively is and are hereby directed and required, upon his or their receiving every or any entire Sum of ten Pounds, in full Payment of a Ticket, for either of the said Lotteries, from any Person or Persons contributing or adventuring as aforesaid, to cut a Ticket for such respective Lottery out of the said extreme Column, in one of the Books foto be put into bis or their Cnftody, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, indentwife, which Ticket the said Cashier or Cashiers shall sign with his or their own Name or Names; and he or they shall permit the Contributor, if it be desired, to write his or her Name or Mark on the corresponding Ticket in the same Book; and at the same Time the said Cashier or Cashiers shall deliver to the said Contributor the Ticket so cut off, which he, (he or they are to keep and use for the better afeer taining and securing the Interest which he, (he or they, his, her or their Executors, administrators, Successors or Assigns shall or may have in the said Fund.

XLIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Cashier or Cashiers shall, at or before the respective Times herein after limited, redeliver to the said Managers and di redtors, at their Office or Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and therein all the Tickets which the said Cashier or Cafliiers shall not have cut out and delivered to the respective Contributors as aforesaid; that is to say, Such of the said Books and Tickets as relate to the First Lottery, shall be so redelivered on or before the fourth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and such of the said Books and Tickets as relate to the Second Lottery, shall be so redelivered on or before the twenty-ninth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and the said Cashier or Cafliiers fnall, at the Time of such Redelivery of the said respective Books, give to the said Managers and Diredlors a true and just Account in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, of all Sums of Money which shall then have been received by him or them, for and upon account of the Lottery in respect whereof such Books shall be so redelivered, and how much of such Moneys shall have been actually paid by such Cashier or Cafliiers into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Purposes herein mentioned; and that the said Managers and Diredlors, or the major Part of them which shall be present as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the Tickets of the said outermost 3 - Columns,

A. D. 1762.

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 12.

31

Columns, which hall not have been delivered to the Contributors as aforesaid, if any such be, to be delivered into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, there to be retained and kept as Cash, to be issued, sold and disposed of for railing Money for the Purposes in this at mentioned, as any three of the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being hall judge reasonable and sitting.

L And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Direflors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Tickets of the middle Columns in the Books made out with three Columns as aforesaid, which shall be delivered back to them, by or from the said Cashier or Cafliiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and made fast with Thread or Silk; and the said Managers or Directors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, final! in their Presence, and in the Presence of furb Contributors or Adventurers as will be there, cause all the said Tickets which are to be so rolled up and made sass as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwife through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, into a Box to be prepared for that Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (A) which is presently to be put up into another strong Box, and to be locked with seven different Locks and Keys to be kept by as many of the said Managers, and sealed with their Seals or the Seals of some of them, until the said 'Pickets are to be drawn as is herein after mentioned, and that the Tickets in the first or innermost Columns of the said Books, shall remain till in the Books for discovering any Mistake or Fraud (if any such should happen to be committed) contrary to the true Meaning of this Act.

LI And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Managers and di rebtors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared, other Books for each of the said Lotteries, in which every Leaf shall be divided or diftinguiftied into two Columns; and upon the innermost of those two Columns there shall be printed thirty-five thousand Tickets for each Lottery; and upon the outermost of the said two Columns there shall be printed thirty-five thousand!!; ail which shall be of equal Length and Breadth, as near as may be; which two Columns in the said respective Books shall be joined with some Flourish or Device, through which the outermost Tickets may de cut off indent wife; and that in each Lottery five thousand eight hundred Tickets, Part of those to be contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last mentioned, shall be and be called the Fortunate Tickets, to which extraordinary Benefits shall belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of th., m, or such of tnem as shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said Fortunate Tickets for each Lottery to be written upon, or otherwise expressed, as well in Figures as in Words at Length, in Manner following; that is to say. Upon two of them several ly, ten thousand Pounds, Principal Money; upon two of them several ly, five thousand Pounds, Principal Money; upon every one of four of them several ly, two thousand Pounds, Principal Money; upon every one of ten of them several ly, one thousand Pounds, Principal Money; upon every one of twenty seven of them several ly, five hundred Pounds, Principal Money; upon every one of one hundred and twenty-five of them several ly, one hundred Pounds, Principal Money; upon every one of five hundred and thirty of them several ly, fifty Pounds, Principal Money; upon every one of five thousand and one hundred of them several ly, twenty Pounds, Principal Monty : Which Principal Sums foto be written, or otherwise expressed upon the said Fortunate Tickets in each Lottery, together with five hundred Pounds, Principal Money, to be allowed to the Owner of the first drawn t icket, and one thousand Pounds, Principal Money, to the Owner of the last drawn Ticket in each Lottery, over and above the Benefits which may happen to belong to the two last mentioned Tickets, and together with the Sum of five Pounds to be paid or allowed for and upon each Blank or Unfortunate Ticket of the said Lotteries, will amount in the Whole, for each Lottery, to the Principal Sum of three hundred and fifty thousand Pounds', to be converted into Annuities by virtue of this Act, in respect of the said Lotteries; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, who shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said Tickets contained in the outermost Columns of the said last mentioned Books for each Lottery, to be in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at any Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fastened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out indentwife through the said Flourish or Device, into another Box to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (B) which Box shall be put into another strong Box, and locked up with seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers, and sealed up with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until these Tickets shall also be drawn, in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and that the whole Business of rolling up and cutting off, and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets, and locking up and sealing the said Boxes, shall be performed respectively by the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last six Days immediately preceding the Day by this at appointed for the drawing the respective Lottery, to which such Business shall relate : And to the End every Person concerned may be well afiured that the Counterpart of the same Number with his or her Ticket is put into the Box marked with the Letter (A) from whence the same may be drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby directed, some public Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times of putting the said Tickets for each of the said Lotteries into the said Boxes, to the End that such Adventurers as shall be minded to see the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

Tickets of the middle Columns to be rolled up and fastened with Silk 5;

and cut off indentwife into a Box marked with the Letter (A)

Box to be locked up and sealed.

Books to be prepared with two Columns, on, each of which 35, 000 Tickets to be printed.

The Number and Value of theforcunateticket?*

500i. to the first draw Ticket, and 10001. to the last drawn.

Value of the Blanks,

Tickets of the outermost Columns of the last mentioned Book to be rolled up and tied,

and cut out indentwife, into a Box marked with the Letter (B)

Box to be locked up and sealed.

Public Notice to be given of Times of putting the Tickets into the Boxes,

LII And

* o

o «

First Lottery te begin

drawing on or before 30 May; and the Second oji or before 28 Nov

Mrt hod to be nbferved in drawing C

c.12. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

LL And be it further enaftcd by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the thirtieth Day of May one thousand seven luindred and sixty three, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Boxes, will all the Ti elects therein for the first Lottery, and on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the said several Boxes with the Tickets therein for the second Lottery, to he respectively brought into the Guildhall of the City of London, so that the same may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Purpose, by Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the said respective Days, and shall then and there several ly attend this Service, and cause the two Boxes, containing the said Tickets, to be several ly taken out of the other two Boxes, in which they shall have been locked up; and the Tickets or Lots in the respective innermost Boxes being, in the pre fence of the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Adventurers as will be there for the Satisfaction of themselves, well shaken and mingled in each Box, distinctly; same one indifferent and fit Person to be appointed and directed by the said Managers, or^the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall takeout and draw one Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent and fit Person to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket or Lot from the Box where the said five thousand eight hundred Fortunate, and the twenty-nine thousand two hundred Blank Tickets shall be promifeuoufly put as aforesaid;; immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and tyre Number, as well of the Fortunate as the Blank Ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall be both put upon one File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Lots shall appear to be one of the Fortunate Tickets, then the Principal Sum written upon such Fortunate 1 leket, whatsoever it be, shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the Principal Sums whereunto they shall be irritled respectively, and two of the said Managers shall fet their Names as Witnesses to such Entries; and the said Fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together, shall be put upon another File; and so the said Drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking one Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering the Fortunate Lots in such Method as is before mentioned, until the whole Number of five thousand eight hundred Fortunate Tickets, and one more for the last drawn as aforesaid, shall be completely drawn in each Lot after each day's Draw tery; and as the same cannot be performed in one day's Time, the said Managers or Directors fnall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in Manner as aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day, and so from Day today, and every Day (except Sundays, chrijhnas day, Thanksgiving and Fair Days) and then open the same, and proceed as above, till the said whole Number of five thousand eight hundred Fortunate Tickets, and one more, shall be completely drawn in each Lottery respectively as aforesaid;; afterwards the said numbered Tickets so drawn, with the Fortunate Tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust and settle the Property thereof.

LIU. And to the End the Fortunate may know, whether absent or present, to what Degree they have been so, Be it enacted, That the said Managers shall as soon as conveniently may be, after the said drawing of each Lottery is over, cause to be printed and publiftied, the Number of the Tickets drawn agaip.ft each Fortunate Ticket, and the Principal Sum written on the same; and if

the Boxes to be locked up and sealed,

Numbers of the Fortunate Tickets, and the Sums in each Lottery to be printed.

Difrotesrelatlngthereto, any Contention or Dispute shall arise in the adjusting the Property of the said Fortunate Tickets,

to Le adjofted by the Managers, f'enajty of forging Tickets or Certificates,

Managers to be sworn.

the major Part of the said Managers agreeing therein thall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong; and if any Person or Persons shall iorge or counterfeit any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates to be made forth by this Act, or alter any the Numbers thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged or counterfeit Ticket or 'Pickets, Certificate or Certificates, or shall bring any forged or counterfeit Ticket or Certificate, or any Ticket or Certificate the Number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the Lid Managers, or any of them, or to the Cashier or Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention; then every such Person or persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged z Felon, and shall fuller Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and the raid Managers and Directors, or any two or more of them are hereby authorised, required and im powered, to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeit Ticket or 'Pickets, Ceitificate cr Certificates as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her or them to his majesty's Gaol of Newgate, or to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

L!V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person that shall be apppointed as aforesaid to be a Manager and Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his acting in Inch Commission, shall take the Oath following; that is to say,

* I a.br

A.D... 1762.

Anno tertio G e o r g i i III

C 12

33

* T 15. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, as a Manager and Di The Oath j ‘ A rector of the Lotteries, eftablithed by an Act made in the third Year of his present majesty's

* Reign; and that I will not use any indirect Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use

* indirect Art or Means, to obtain a Prize or Fortunate Lot, for myself, or any other Person

* and that I will do the utmost of my Endeavour to prevent any undue or sinister

* to be done by any Person whatsoever; and that I will to the bed of my Judgement, de ‘ clare to whom any Prize, Lot or Ticket, of Right does belong, according to the true Intent ‘ and Meaning of the said Act.'

Which said Oath shall and maybe administered by any two or more of the other Managers and t0 administered Directors. nvo Managers.

LV Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cafhicr 01' Cashiers, Cathiqron receiving, the having given Security as aforesaid, at any Time or Times before such Calhier or Cashiers shall have Residue of the Suim received any Book or Books for the said respective Lotteries from the said Managers, comprehend futfcribed, ing the said thirty live thousand Tickets for each Lottery in three Columns as aforesaid, to receive from any Person or Persons who will voluntarily offer, contribute and advance the Rcfidue of any Sum of ten Pounds, or several Sums of ten Pounds, upon this Act as aforesaid, the Sums so offered to be contributed or advanced at one entire Payment, upon both or either of the said Lotteries, or in such Proportions and Manner as aforesaid, before such Cashier or Cashiers shall have received such respective Book or Books; and the said Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Note or Receipt under (0 give Receipts for his or their Hand or Hands for the Sum or Sums so contributed, specifying the Lottery in respect ?he same whereof such Moneys are paid; and shall be obliged thereby, and by this Act, to give the Bearer d the Bearers intitlei of every such Note or Receipt, a Ticket or Tickets of the extreme Column of the three Columns *° one Lott "y Tickc^ Book or Books aforesaid in the same Lottery, for every ten Pounds so contributed, paid or an or every 10 • 0 r 1 1 f'wered, as soon as he or they shall be enabled thereunto, by Delivery of any such Book or Books to him or them from the said Managers as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI Provided also, That in case any such Contributor or Adventurer as aforesaid, who shall contributors not making have advanced and paid down to such Cashier or Cashiers, a Proportion of his, her or their Confi ^ rff*ra 7™tniid deration money towards the said respective Lotteries, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, lotter.iesp within the Succcflors or Assigns, do not advance and pay unto such Cashier or Cashiers the remaining Part of Tides' limited, to for. his, her or their consideration money foto be paid in full for such Tickets as aforesaid, on or be felt their Dqmfits; fore the respective Times for paying thereof as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case, every such Contributor or Adventurer shall forfeit and lose to his Majesty, for the Use of the Public, the Proportion of his, her or their purchaie money which he, she or they shall have so paid down as aforesaid, towards and upon account of the Lottery in relation to which such Default shall be made; and in such Case, no Ticket or Tickets for such Lottery shall be delivered out by the said Cashier or Cashiers to such Contributor or Contributors making such Default, but the Ticket and Tickets which should have been delivered to such Contributor and Contributors, had they paid the full Money for the same, shall be returned and delivered to the said Managers and Directors by the said Cashier or Cashiers, together with the other 'Picket or Tickets (if any) in the outermost Column of the respective Book and Books first herein mentioned, and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of to Contributors as aforesaid; and such Ticket and Tickets, upon and for ani the Tickets for such which Defaults of Payment shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the Receipt of Sonutabedeliveied back his majesty's Exchequer, with other the said undisposed Tickets (if any) there to be retained and lnt0 1 5 kept as Cash, and to be issued, sold and disposed of, for the Purposes and in the Manner herein before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed Tickets; and the said Contributor and Contributors making such Default shall not have or receive, or be entitled to have or receive any Benefit or Advantage for or in respect of the Money which he, she or they shall have paid for or towards the Purchase of such Ticket or Tickets; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of the Moneys Treasury to reward tile to arise by and out of any of the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, it shall and may Managers and clerks, _ be lawful to and for any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Trea cb »esrf surer for the Time being, to reward the said Managers and Diredlors, and the Clerks and Officers L u

to be employed by and under them, and any other Officers and Persons that shall and may be any ways employed in this Affair, for their Labour and Pains, and to diicharge such incident Expenses. as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall sell Limitation of Salt of the Chance or Chances of any 'Picket or Tickets, or any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets c!uncei< C in each or either of the said Lotteries, for a.day, or Part of a Day, or for a longer Time Ids than the whole Time of drawing the Lottery then to come; or shall receive any Money whatsoever in Consideration of the Repayment of any sym or Sums of Money, in case any Ticket or Tickets in each or either of the said Lotteries shall prove Fortunate; or shall lav any Wager relating to the Vql. IX F drawing

Tensity,

Persons selling Shares in "i'ickets of which they are not possessed.

forfeit 500 !•

Offences committed in Ireland against this Act, or any of the Acts for preventing unlawfullot teries, made punishable, and the Penalties may be sued for in Dublin.

After the Drawing of the Lottery, the Tickets to be exchanged for Certificates.

Managers to give Notice of the Time for taking in the Tickets, and delivering out the Certificates, See.

Books to be kept for entering the Names of persons bringing Tickets to be exchanged; and the Numbers of the said • C

Certificates to be signed, C

Accomptant General of the Bank is to give Credit for the Principal Sums contained in the Certificates 5

and Alignments may be made of the said Sums, Sic.

and he is to file and cancel the Certificates, and give Notes in lieu thereof.

o.12. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

drawing of any Ticket or Tickets, either as to the Time of such Ticket or Tickets being drawn, or whether l'uch Ticket or Tickets be drawn Fortunate or Unfortunate; and all and every Person and Persons who shall offend in any of the aforesaid Matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been received by such Person, and Persons contrary to the true intent and Meaning of this Act; to be recovered by Adiion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at wej/ehjler; in which no Eilbin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Mnjefly, his Heirs or successors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or per ions who shall sue for the same; and every such Sale, Wager or Contract, and every Agreement relating thereto, shall be and is hereby declared null and void.

LIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall keep any Office or Offices, or shall print or publish any Scheme or Proposal, for receiving any Sum or Sums of Money in Consideration of any interest to be granted for the same, in any Ticket or Tickets in each or either of the said Lotteries, whereof such Person or Persons shall not then be actually possessed; or in Consideration of any Sum Or Sums of Money to be repaid in case any Ticket, or Number of Tickets, in each or either of the said Lotteries, which shall not be in the actual possession of fueh Person or Persons, shall prove Fortunate or Unfortunate; all and every such Person and Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, 'Plaint or Information in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; in which no eftoinj Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one Moiety whereof to be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Sueceflors, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; and also shall suffer three Months Imprifomnent without Bail or Mainprize.

LX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Offence against this Act, or any of the Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom, for preventing private and unlawful Lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland, the Offender shall incur the like Penalty and Punishment to be inflicted in like. Manner as if the Offence was committed in this Kingdom; and that fueh Penalties as by this Act, or any of the said Acts are directed to be recovered in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall in case of Offences committed against this Act, or any of the said Acts, in Ireland., be recovered in any of his majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin.

LXI And to the End that all and every the Payments, as well upon the Fortunate as upon the Unfortunate Tickets, may be more easily ascertained, settled and adjuited for the Persons who shall be and become entitled thereunto; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as conveniently may be, after the Drawing of each Lottery shall be completed and ended, all and every the said Tickets to be given out as aforesaid shall be exchanged for Certificates, to be signed by such of the said Managers as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

LXII And be it further enacted, That such of the said Managers as any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treafurv, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall appoint to take in the said Tickets, and deliver out the said Certificates for and in lieu thereof, shall give timely Notice, by Advertisement to be printed and published in Manner as they shall think fit, of the Days and Times for taking in the said Tickets, and delivering out the said Certificates for and in lieu of the same; and every person's Certificate shall be numbered in eourfe, in respect of each Lottery, according to their bringing their Tickets to the Managers foto be appointed for exchanging the same; to which Purpose such Managers shall enter, or eaufe to be entered into a Book or Books to be by them kept for that Purpose for each Lottery, the Name of every Person who shall bring any Ticket or Tickets to be exchanged for fueh Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets which shall be so brought by fueh Person or Persons, the Value in Principal Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord when the same was so brought; which respective Book and Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned to peruse; all which Certificates shall he signed by the Managers foto be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed to the Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being.

lx1i1. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, to whom the said Certificates are to be directed as aforesaid, shall upon receiving and taking in the said Certificates, or any of them, give Credit to the Persons named therein, in a Book or Books to be by him provided and kept, for the Principal Sums contained in every fueh Certificate; and the Persons to whose Credit fueh Principal Sums shall be entered in the said Book or Books, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Sueceflors and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign or transfer the same, or any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in Books to be prepared and kept by the said Accomptant General; and the said Principal Sums so entered, assigned or transferred, shall carry the said Annuity of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by virtue of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in Manner herein after mentioned; and the said Accountant General of the Bank of England for the Time being is hereby authorised and directed to cancel and. file the Certificates as they shall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the Persons bringing in the same a Note under his Hand, testifying the Principal Money for which they shall have Credit in the said

Book

35

A.D... 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 12.

Book or Books by Reason or Means of the Certificates so received, taken in and cancelled as' afore said, and of the Annuities attending the same.

LXIV And, for the more easy and sure Payment of all the Annuities established by this Act; Be A Chief Caitier, and it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Accomptant General, England, and their Successors shall, from time to time, until all the said Annuities, after the Rate of Bank for ""ayine the * four Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Annuities!" ^ S Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London, to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office, to be their Accomptant General; and that so much of the Moneys applicable to this Purpose as shall be sufficient, from time to time, Treasury toifluemoney to answer the said Annuities, and other Payments herein directed to be made out of such Moneys, fcrljiat Purpose to the shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High fa‘a ca<i, ier > Treasurer for the Time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had and obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of Exchequer to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way oflmpreft and upon Account, for the Payment of the said Annuities payable by virtue of this Act; and thatfuch Cashier or Cashiers' to whom the said Money shall from who is to account for the time to time be issued, shall from time to time without Delay pay the same accordingly, and ren same, derhis or their Accounts thereof, according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

LXV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Accomptant General Accomptant General to for tiie Time being, shall from time to time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the of the

said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negli c'afhien" 1™ * ° G gence, or Delay; and that all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted,. Annuities deemed a per and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Persona] Estate - fonal Estate, C shall not be defccndable to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of lo?idon, or otherwise;; Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX VI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Moneys to be advanced The Moneys contributed or contributed by virtue of this Act, towards the said Sum of three millions five hundred thousand '"wards the said Sum of Pounds, shall be deemed one Capital and Joint Stock; and that all Persons and Corporations what ij^capital^kd'jotiit* soever, in Proportion to the Moneys by them several iy advanced for the Purchase of the said Annul stock transferable, ties, or to which they shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock, and in the said Annuities attending the same, after the Rate aforesaid;; that the said whole Capital or Joint Stock of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Share or Interest therein, shall be assignable and transfcrrablc as this Act directs, and not otherwise.

lxv11, Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time Clause of Redemption, upon six Months Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London; and upon Repayment by Parliament, of the said Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Payments not less than five hundred thousand Pounds at one Time, in such Manner as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the said Annuities; then, and not till then, such and so much of the said Annuities, as shall be attending on the principal Sums so paid off, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the Koufe of Commons, signified by the Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

LXVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Books shall be constantly Transfer Books to see kept by the said Accomptant General for the Time being, wherein all Alignments or Transfers ofkep' by the Accomptant all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of‘two millions eight hundred thousand Genera!'

Pounds, and of all Sums, determined and ascertained by the Drawing of the said Lotteries, shall at

all seasonable Times, be entered and registered;; Entry shall be conceived in proper Words of transferring

for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers; or, ifstocii',

such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorised in

Writing, under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be attested by two or more

credible witneftes; and that the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made, shall

respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning and

transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or

available in Law,

LXIX Provided always, That all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities devifeabie by Annuities, or any Estate orlntereft therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by two or more credible witneftes; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, till so much Entry to be made of such of the said Will as relates to such Share, Estate or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities, be entered au e m 1 ‘

in the said Office; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate or Interest in the said Stock of Annuities shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns;; Transfer not liable t that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute Sump Duties, to the contrary notwithstanding.

F 3

LXX Provided

36 C *3*

Anno tertio Georgii III

r

AD.' 17*62,!

Treasury to pay all Incident Charges attending the Execution of this a€i }

and tn mnkr an allow ante to thecdfliier and Acconiptant General $

to lio at the Disposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank.

Jlank to continue a Corporation till these Annuities be redeemed, C

No See to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution moneys, Annuities, See,

cn Penalty of go 1*

General Ifl'uc,

Treble Ccfl?*

See 4 Geo, 3 ♦ C 7.

LXX Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Moneys ariftng from the Contributions towards r'aifingthe faitl Sum of three millions five hundred thoufahd Pound, any three or more of the Commissioners of the treacury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, hall have Power to difehafge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner, as to them hall feetn just and reasonable; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as shall be thought proper for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Caftiier or Cashiers for receiving, paying and accounting for the Paid Contributions; and also hall have Power to make out of the Fund by this Act eftabllfhcd, or out of the Sinking Fund, such further Allowances as hall be judged reasonable for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said ca fhier or Cashiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Annuities payable by virtue of this Act, and also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Accomptant General for performing the Tfiuft reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances to be made as aforesaid in respect to the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

LXXI Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, hall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, till all the Annuities by this Act granted had be redeemed by Parliament as aforesaid, and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by Reaion of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

LXXII And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, hall be demanded or taken of any of his majesty's Subjects, for receiving or paying the said contribution moneys, or any of them, or for any Tallies or Receipts concerning the same, or for issuing the Moneys for paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum great or small to be made in pursuance of this Act; upon Pain that any Offender, or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward or Gratuity, hall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by aftionofdebt, Bill, Plaint or information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster., wherein no Effoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of restraint, or any more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

lxxtll. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons hall at any Time or Times be sued, molested or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of, or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, in his or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the l'laintift' or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's.

CAP. XIII

An act for more effectually securing the Payment of the Duties upon Malt, by preventing Frauds in the obtaining of Allowances, and the Mixing of fresh Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain making into Malt.

Ftfamble, reciting Clause * by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the thirty third Year of his late

10 a 33 Geo. 2. C 7. ‘ 'yy majesty's Reign, entitled. An Atl for granting to his Majestyseveral Duties upon Malt, and

‘ for raifiug the Sam of eight millions by Way of Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Duties; * and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of Allowances in the gauging of Corn making into Malt; and for ‘ making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other

‘ Orders, lost, burnt or otherwise defrayed; it was enacted, Thar if from and after the eighth Day of

‘ February one thousand seven hundred and sixty, any Malfter or Maker of Malt, during the Con 4 tinuance of the Duties on Malt, should not wet or steep his Barley, or other Corn or Grain in 4 tended to be made into Malt, in the Cistern, uting sat, or other Vessel, so as that the same should 4 be covered with Water, and continue so covered in such Cistern, uting sat, or other Vessel, for 4 the full Space of forty Hours from the Time of its being first wet and covered with Water as afore 4 said, before he should obtain or take, or draw the Water from the same, such Malfter or Maker 4 of Malt should in such Case not be entitled to the Allowance of four Bushels in every twenty, in 4 charging the said Duties by Gauge either in the Cistern or Couch : And whereas there is not any 4 Provision made by the said Act for enabling the Officers of Excise to ascertain when such Corn or 4 Grain is first begun to be so wetted or steeped, and consequently, whether such Malfter or Ma 4 ker of Malt, is entitled to such Allowance as aforesaid;; by reason of such Defect, the whole 4 Purpose of the said Clause has been entirely defeated : And whereas great Frauds have been com 4 mitted by the Mixing of Corn or Grain with Corn or Grain steeping in order to be made into

4 Malt,

37

A.D... 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 14.

* Malt, whereby the Revenue and the fair Trader have been greatly injured Be it therefore enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of ‘june one thousand seven hundred and Makers of Malt for sixty three, - during the Continuance of any of the Duties on Malt, every Malfter or Maker of Malt Home Consumption, not for Home Consumption (not being a Compounder for the Duties on Malt) whose malt house or areto'etoe due Noticeto malt houses is or are situate in any City, or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Townhall,, proper Officer of at least twenty-four Hours before he or he hall begin to wet any Corn or Grain to be made into Excite, before their Malt, give or cause to be given to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Malfter or Maker wetting any Corn or of Malt shall then be, a Notice in Writing of the particular Hour or Time of the Day when he or Grain lor Malt fly intends to wet Corn or Grain to be made into Malt; and every other Malfter or Maker of Malt for Home Consumption (not being a Compounder for the Duties on Malt) whose malt house or malt houses is or are not situate in any City, or the Suburbs thereof, or in any Market Townhall, at least forty-eight Hours before he or he hall begin to wet any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, give or cause to be given a like Notice in Writing; and in Case any such Malfter and if they do not keep or Maker of Malt hall not begin to wet his Corn or Grain, and immediately proceed to cover the to or near the Time Whole thereof with Water at the Flour or Time mentioned in such respective Notice, or within mentioned, they are to three Hours next after the Expiration of the said Hour and Time, then every such Notice hall be s've rc 1 otlce' and is hereby declared to be null and void; and every such Malfter or Maker of Malt hall be obliged to give a frefti and like Notice, before he or file hall begin to wet his or her Corn or Grain; and Hours offettingto that no such Malfter or Maker of Malt hall begin to wet any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, work, but between the Hours of four in the Morning and nine in the Evening : And in case any such tool. Penalty of omit malfter or Maker of Malt shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, or, having given Notice which ting their Duty in the shall become void, hall neglect or refuse to give a fre{h and like Notice, or, having given such Notice o7an °frau™dent or Notices, and begun to wet any Corn or Grain in pursuance thereof, shall neglcdl or refuse im tran&aion^herein/" mediately to proceed to cover the Whole thereof with Water, and to continue the same so covered for the full Space of forty Hours from the Time of its being first wet and covered, or hall begin to wet any Corn or Grain at any other Time than between the Hours of four in the Morning and nine in the Evening; or if any such Malfter or Maker of Malt, after the Officer hath taken an Account of the Corn or Grain steeping in the Cistern, uting sat, or other Wetting Place or Utcnfil, shall add any fre{h Corn or Grain to the Corn or Grain so steeping; every such Malfter or Maker of Malt offending in any of the said Cases, hall for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Penalties or Forfeitures for any Recovery, Mitigation, Offence against this Act hall and may be sued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated, by the same and Application of P ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise upon naitie3'

Beer, Ale and other Liquors, can or may be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his maje.fty's Courts of Record at ivejhninfter; and that one Moiety of such Penalties or Forfeitures fnall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeifors, and the other Moiety to him or them that hall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

CAP. XIV

An Act for the Encouragement of John Harrison, to publish and make known hia Invention of a Machine or Watch, for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

‘ H E REAS by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Preamble, reciting

‘ VV Anne, entitled, An Act for providing a public!: Reward for such Person or Persons as fall Chutes in Aft 12°am

* discover the Longitude at Sea; it is enacted, That in case the Commissioners thereby appointed shall CL *£•

‘ be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Discovery, as to think it proper to make Experi

‘ ment thereof, and hall certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy, with the Names of the

* Persons making Proposals for that Purpose, then any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two ‘ thousand Pounds, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy to such Person or Persons as fliali ‘ be appointed by the Commissioners of the Longitude, to make those Experiments: And it is

* thereby further enacted, That the first Difcovcrer or Discoverers of any Method for finding the

* Longitude, hall have a Reward of ten thousand Pounds, if it determines the Longitude to one

* Degree of a great Circle, or sixty Geographical Miles; fifteen thousand Pounds if to two Thirds

* of that Distance; and twenty thousand Pounds if to one Half of the same Distance;; be paid

* by the Treasurer of the Navy, by the Appointment of the said Commissioners, when a Ship should

* to any such Part of the jvejl Indies as they should appoint, without losing the Longitude be ‘ yond the Limits before mentioned : and it is thereby further enacted, That if any Proposal

* in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be found of considerable Use to the Public,

* the Author thereof should have such less Reward as the said Commissioners should think reason

* : And whereas by an Act made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign uf his late Majesty King ZS Ceo. 2. f. sj.

‘ George the Second, to render more effectual the Act herein before recited, with regard to ma

* Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude, reciting the aforesaid Act; and that

‘ John

C 14.

Anno tertio Georgii III

2 Geo. 31 C 1j9

A. D. 1762.

John Harrison had made: Proposals for the Purposes in the same al mentioned, with which the Commissioners of Longitude were so far satisfied, that they had thought it proper to make Experiments thereof, and had certified the same from time to time to the Commissioners of the Navy, together with the Name of the said John Harr fun; and that the Treasurer of the Navy had thereupon paid one thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds to the said John Harrison, as Part of the two thousand Pounds mentioned in the abovesaid Act of the twelfth of Queen Anne; and also reciting. That five hundred Pounds had Iikewifc been paid to Master William ivhifton for the like Purposes;; that only two hundred and fifty Pounds remained out of the said Sum of two thousand pounjs; and further reciting, That by continuing to encourage ingenious Persons to make further Improvements and Experiments in order to discover the Longitude, such Discovery might at length be produced, as might eftedually answer that End; it is enabled, That two thousand Pounds more might be issued and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy for the making further Experiments under the like Directions as aforesaid: : whereas by an Act made in the fccon ' Year of his present majesty's Reign for rendering more effectual the abovementioned Aft of the twelfth Year of Queen Anne, with regard to making Experiments of Proposals for discovering the Longitude, reciting to the Effect above recited; and that the Money granted for making Experiments, pursuant to both of the said Acts, had been wholly expended, the further Sum of two thousand Pounds was granted by the said Act of the second Year of his present Majesty, for the like Purposes, and to be applied in the like Manner: And whereas the Utility of the invention of the said 'John Harrison has been proved in a late Voyage to Jamaica., under the Directions of the Commissioners of the Longitude : And whereas the said Commissioners dt their Meeting on the seventeenth Day of August last did adjudge, that by the Trial made of the said Instrument, it was found of considerable Use to the Public, and did thereupon make an Order for the Payment of the Sum'of two thousand five hundred Pounds to the said John Harrison, in Manner therein mentioned; videlicet, one thousand five, hundred Pounds, Part thereof, immediately, and the remaining one thousand Pounds when he, or any Person employed by him, fhoukl return from making a further Trial in the West Indies; but it was to be understood, that the said Sum of two thousand five hundred Pounds should be esteemed as Part of either of the Rewards granted by Act of Parliament for discovering the Longitude: And whereas the said John Harrfon has accordingly received the said Sum of one thousand five hundred Pounds; and has represented to the Commissioners of the Longitude, That he would not by any Means decline any further Trial of the Instrument or Watch which he has invented, before the Principles thereof shall be made public; but that his present advanced Age, the Weakness of his Sight, and the Danger of the Voyage to the Health and Life of his Son, upon whom alone the Success of the said Invention will depend, may risk the Loss of so useful a Discovery, not only to the Disadvantage of the said John Harrison, but also to the very great Detriment of Mankind : And whereas the Commissioners of Longitude having received the said Representation did, at their Meeting on the twenty sixth Day of February last, unanimoufiy agree to recommend to the said John Harrison to make an Application to Parliament, in order that his said Invention may be made known to the Public, upon such 'Perms and in such Manner as to the Parliament shall seem meettherefore, Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ' and by the Authority of the same, That so soon as the said John Harrison, his Executors or Administrators, shall make or cause to be made a full and clear and Discovery of the Principles of his said Instrument or Watch for Discovery of the Longitude, and of the true Manner and Method in which the same is and may be constructed, unto the Right Honourable Lord Charles Cavendish, the Right Honourable the Earl of Morton, the Right Honourable Lord Willoughby of Parham, George Lewis Scott Esquire Fellow of the Royal Society, Master. James Short Fellow of the Royal Society, the Reverend Master John Mitchell Woodwardian Professor at Cambridge, Master Alexander Camming, Master Mudge of Fleet Street, Master William Frodjham, Master Andrew Dickie, and Master James Green of Fenchurch Street, who, as well as the said John har and their publishing the' rtf on, are hereby required to publish and make the lame known, so that other Workmen may be *amc» enabled to make other such Instruments or Watches for the same Purpose;; so soon as the said

Lord Charles Cavendish, the Earl of Morton, Lord ivilloughby of Parham, George Lewis Scott, James Short, John Mitchel, Alexander Cumming, Master Mudge, William frod/ham, Andrew Dickie, and. "rttltn: James Green, or the major Part of them shall certify in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to cnef/of'thevav^r the Commissioners of his majesty's Navy for the Time being, that the said John Harrison hath fully and clearly made the said Discovery for the Purposes aforesaid, then, upon producing such Certificate, the said Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills for the Sum of five thousand Pounds payable to the said John Harrison, his Executors of Administrators, by the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum the Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, is hereby required to pay immediately to him the said John Harrison, his Executors or Administrators, out of any Money that shall be in his the said treasurer's Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy.

II And be it ena£led by the Authority aforesaid. That so soon as it shall appear by future Trial or Trials, that the said Instrument or Watch invented by the said John Harrison, shall be a proper proper Method for find Method for finding out the Longitude within any of the Limits prescribed by the aforesaid AI of

ing out the Longitude,

within the Limits prescribed Aft \% Anna?, and the Commissioners of the Longitude shall certify the same $

- the

Upon a Discovery by J, Harrison of the Prin

of the Method of con flru&ing the same, to the Committee here mentioned.

the Commissioners are to make out Bills for 5, 0001, payable to him by the Treasurer of the Havy.

So soon as the said Instrument fliail by future Trials appear to be a

A. D. 1762.

Anno tertio Georgii III

0. 15.

39

the twelfth Year of Queen Anne, and the said Commissioners of Longitude, or the major Part of

them, shall certify the same accordingly under their Hands and Seals to the Commissioners of the

Navy for the Time being, then the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to make Bills are ta be made out

out a Bill or Bills for the respective Sum or Sums of Money to which the said John Harrison, his ^^s'^he^autetn

Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be entitled by virtue of the same Act; which Sum or titleduto b virtue of the

Sums the Treasurer of the Navy is hereby required to pay to the said ‘john Harrison, his Execu fai Aft,

tors, Administrators or Assigns, out of any Money which shall be in his Hands unapplied to the

Use of the Navy; first deducting thereout the before mentioned Sum of fifteen hundred Pounds al doffing the Soms be

ready received by the said John Harrison, and the said Sum of five thousand Pounds granted to him fcr« recel('ed hlm*

by this present a<51 as aforesaid.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person or Persons, other than N "other Person to be the said John Harrison, his Executors, Administrators or Afligrfs, shall have or be entitled to any of 1°. f ?7lrd un" the Reward granted by the said at of the twelfth of Queen Anne, by Means or on Account of count o/any inlhumenc any Instrument or Instruments for keeping Time, until the Merits of the said Instrument or Watch for keeping Time, till invented by the said 'John Harrison shall be ascertained;; that the Ascertainment thereof the Merita of Harrison'a shall be made within four Years next after the passing of this Act. Watch be ascertained.

CAP., XV

An at to prevent Occasional Freemen from Voting at Elections of Members to serve

in Parliament for Cities and Boroughs.

4 "ITT HERE AS great Abuses have been committed in making Freemen of Corporations, in Preamble.

4 W order to influence Eledtions of Members to serve in Parliament, to the great Infringement For fonmr Laws relating

4 of the Rights of Freemen of such Corporations, and of the Freedom of eledtionsto prevent hfref ref‘f "7

such Practises for the future; Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with 4 f '^, 4g jjf^

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament af C 7. 10 H. 6. C 2. fcmbled, and by Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day of May one thousand 13 h. 6. C 14. zhr. seven hundred and sixty three, no Person whatsoever claiming as a Freeman to vote at any Election gf71/ a C i 5 & of Members to serve in Parliament for any City, Town, Port or Borough in England, Wales, and ° ® ^ C‘ 7 gj'

the Town of bervack upon Tweed, where such voter's Right of voting is as a Freeman only, shall jyt IO

be admitted to give his Vote at such Election, unless such Person shall have been ad 1 itted to the & n w. 3. C 7. n Freedom of such City, Town, Port or Borough, twelve Calendar Months before the first Day of & 12 IF. 3- C 2- 12 such Election: : if any Person shall presume to give his Vote as a Freeman at any Election of - j3 3■ I

Members to serve in Parliament, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall for \.jfff f 7 102^,. every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to him, her or them who shall C 19'fef 23, inform and sue for the same; and the Vote given by such Person shall be void and of no Effect. ifo. 1. C 56. sfo.

2. C 24. 8 gco. 2.

C 30* 9 Geo. 2. C 38. 13 Geo. 2. C 20. 15 Geo. 2. C 22. 28 Geo. 2. C 28. 19 Geo. 2. C 28. 32 Geo. 2. C 14. 33 Geo. 2. C 20, None tc*

vote as Freemen, at Elections of Members, but such as have been admitted to their Freedom 22 Months before such election, on Penalty of 2001.

II Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to Persons entitled to their

any Person entitled to his Freedom by Birth, Marriage or Servitude, according to the Custom 0r rreedam, bybirrli, Mar usage of such City, Town, Port or Borough. d; '

III And be it further ensdled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mayor, Bailiff, Sheriff,

Town Clerk, or other Officer of any Corporation, or other Person whatsoever, shall wilfully and fraudulently antedate, or cause to be antedated, anyadmiflion of any Freeman such Mayor, 'Bailiff",

Sheriff, Town Clerk, Officer, or other Person, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds to him, her or them who shall inform and sue for the same.

IV And be it further ena£led by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mayor, Bailiff, Sheriff,

Town Clerk, or other Officer of any Corporation, having the Custody of, or Power over the Records of the same, shall upon the Demand of any Candidate, or his Agent, or any two Freemen, on the Payment of one Shilling, permit such Candidate, Agent or Freemen, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, at any L ime before, and within one Month after any such Election as aforesaid, to infpedl the Books and Papers wherein tfte Admission of Freemen shall be entered; and to have Copies or Minutes of the Admission of so many Freemen as such Candidate, Agent or Freemen shall think fit, upon paying to such Mayor, Bailiff, Sheriff, Town Clerkj or other Officer, a reasonable Charge for writing the same; and such Books and Papers shall, if demanded by such Candidate, Agent or Freemen, be produced by such Mayor, Bailiff, Sheriff,

Town Clerk, or other Officer, at every Election, and be referred to, in case any Dispute shall arise touching the Right of any Person to give his Vote thereat: And if such Mayor, Bailiff", Sheriff,

Town Clerk, or other Officer, shall refuse or deny such Candidate, Agent or Freemen the Inflexion of such Books and Papers, or to have Copies or Minutes thereof, or shall refuse or neglect tc. produce such Books and Papers at any Election, if demanded and.paid for in the Manner herein before fet so'th, such Mayor, Bailiff, Sheriff, Town Clerk, or other Officer, shall for every such Offence for. and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds to him, her or them who shall inform and sue for me same.

Penalty of antedating the Admission of any Freeman, 5001.

The Books and Papers of Admission of Freemen ter be open to inspection, upon Demand of a Candidate, his Agent, or two Freemen, upon Payment of is.

and Copies and Minutes of the Admission s to be given, paying reafonabjy for writing the same; and the Books, C to be produced if demanded at every Election,

on Penalty of 100 la

3

V And

40 C 16. Anno tertio Geo rgii III A. P. 1762.

The Penalties may be rev. And be it further enabled bv the Authority aforesaid, That all Forfeitures or Penalties laid or of'iuv wuh fu Cofti irnpofed by this Act shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or ul ' Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at ivcflminflcr; wherein no Effoin, Protection,

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, provided the Profecuticn VI Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, be commenced within a That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act laid or irnpofed, unless pro fecution be commenced within one Year after such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

This Aa to be openly VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Returning Officer shall read nfita11 vurtlln6, or cauk to te read openly this Act, at the Time of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for by Freemen, immediately Cities, Towns, Ports or Boroughs where the Right of Election is in the Whole, or in Part, in after Aft a Geo. z. C 24. Freemen as aforesaid, immediately after the Reading of the Aft passed in the second Year of his late majesty's Rc: gn, entitled, An Act for the more ejfcftual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend to the Cities of London or Norwich.

CAP. XVI

An Act: to empower the commiitioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Expenses thereof, to provide for such Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, •, to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Com mifiioners or Governors, in the mod easy and convenient Manner -, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same.

WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament, sundry Estates, Rents and Sums of Money are granted, and specially appropriated, for and towards the finishing and completing the 1 Building of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich; and for and towards the Maintenance C of the Seamen in the said Hospital worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country : C And whereas no Part of the said Estates, Rents and Sums of Money can be applied by the Com ‘ missioner or Governors of the said Hospital, for or towards the Relief of any worn out or decrepit C Seamen, who are not provided for within the said Hospital: And whereas the Revenues of the said C Hospital will probably be sufficient to provide for a considerable Number of poor Seamen, as Out * Pensioners, and it would tend to the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, if the said commis e fioners or Governors were enabled, after defraying the Expenses of the said Hospital, to provide * for such Seamen as Out pensioners of the said hofpitaltherefore, Be it enacted by the king's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, The Comni; U" >ners, af anl] Commons, in this present Parliament afibmbled, and by the Authority of the same. That it pences^of The Hospital, an may i30 lawful to and for the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Sea

are empowered to grant men at Greenwich, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, after defraying the ncccflary Ex out fenfions to such pences of the said Hospital, by and out of the Estates, Rents, Revenues, or other Moneys belong wom out and decrepit ing to the said Hospital, to provide for such Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of

Seamen m the Kmg s their (jountry, who fha[] not be provided for within the said Hofptal; anything in the said Acts Service, as are not pro... " ... -, • e J j &

vided for within the to the contrary notwithstanding.

Hospital.

Alignments, cof Pay, II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Alignments, Bargains, Sales, made by Out pensioners, Orders, Contrasts, Agreements or Securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made by any v01<i Out pensioner, for, upon or in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money, to become due on any Out

Pension granted by the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

III And the more effectually to enable such Seamen to receive such Out penfiohs as shall be granted to them by the said Commissioners or Governors, in the raoft easy and convenient Manner, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Trcafuret of the Hospital That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said Hospital for the Time being, to make out Duplicates anc] he is hereby authorised and required, as often as there shall be Occasion, to make out, or cause cording to ^tanneied'" to mace out two Bills for every such Out pension granted by the said Commissioners or Go form. e*e vernors; which Bills shall be Duplicates, and joined together with oblique Lines, Flourishes or

Devices, in such Manner as the said Treasurer shall think proper, and shall be made payable to such Out pensioner by the receiver-general of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque respectively, according to the Appointment in such Bills; and the said Bills being numbered and dated, shall be signed by the said Treasurer, or his first Clerk, and attested by the Steward or Clerk of the Cheque of the said Hospital, and be written or printed according to the following Form; z

This Act not to extend to London or Norwich. See farther Chop, 24.

Preamble

THE

A.D... 1762

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 16.

4?

A. N I.

THE FORM.

Greenwich Hospitals

I R,

PAY to B. D. of in the County of Out pensioner The Form

of Greenwich Hospital, upon producing the Duplicate hereof, together with a Certificate * under the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens, or in that Part of Great Britain called Scot ‘ land, under the Hands of the Minister and two Elders of the Parish where the said B. D. refutes,

1 that the said B. D. to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, is the Person named in such Bill,

* the Sum of being on account of the Out pension of the said B. D. if

C the same shall be demanded within six Calendar Months from the Date hereof otherwise you are * to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, at the said Hospital.'

‘ The receiver-general of the Land Tax of the County of

The Collector cf the Customs at the Port of

The Collector of the Excise at

The Clerk of the Cheque at

Signed (A. B.) Treasurer of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, or his First Clerk.

Attested C D.) Steward or Clerk of the Cheque of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

By Virtue of the al of the third of King George the Third.

N. B. The personating or falsely aftuming the Name and character of any Out pensioner of Greenwich Hospital, in order to receive the Out Pension due to such Out Pensioner, or procuring any other to do the same, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by third of King George the Third.

And as soon as the said Bills shall be so made out and signed, the said Treasurer shall cause them to Bills to be cutalwer;

be cut asunder indentwife, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices; and shall cause one one to be uanfmitted to

of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith to the Person nominated and specified in such Bills, and the Person nominated in

the other of the said Bill? to be transmitted forthwith to the said Receiver Genera) of the Land the j311 s' .alld the°ther

Tax, collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, on whom such j?'fe, V "m

Bill shall be so drawn as aforesaid: : the said receiver-general of the Land Tax, Collector of

the Customs, Collector of the Excise, and Clerk of the Cheque, if the said Duplicates of such Bill Duplicate and Ceitifkate

shall be produced and delivered to either of them refpecstively within six Calendar Months from the to be examined when

Date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined to Examine such Duplicate, together with the Cer L be VC"

tificate to be produced as aforesaid;; to inquire into the Truth thereof, by the Oath of the Per n 1 '

son producing the same j which Oath they are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer;

and upon being duly satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, to testify the same on the and testified on the Back

Back of such Bill; and shall immediately pay to such Out Pensioner, without Fee or Reward on thereof;

any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained in such Bill, taking his Receipt for the same on the and Payment t be then

Back thereof; which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered at the Office of the Treasurer re ^^1)'the Trea

of the Navy, shall be immediately repaid by the said Treasurer to such receiver-general of the fuieromhenavy! ^

Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or to the

Order of any such receiver-general, collehor of the Customs, collehor of the Excise, or Clerk

of the Cheque respectively: : in Case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and deli If the Duplicate and Cer

vered, and the Payment thereof be demanded, within six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, tificate be not produced,

or if a proper Certificate of the Person claiming such Out Pension be not likewise produced, then and pa)'ne"t demanded

the said receiver-general, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Wlt ln ont s'

Cheque, shall return such Bill to the Treasurer of the said Hospital at Greenwich, at the said Hofpi -- lie Bill to be returned

tal, who shall cause such Bill to be cancelled;. and from and after the cancelling the same, such lhe Treasurer of the

Part of the said Pension shall accrue and become payable, in like Manner as if the said Bill had not Navy' an "nce ed‘

been made out.

IV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any if the e shall be a want such receiver-general, colte£tor of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, of Money when any to whom the Duplicate of any of the Bills herein before directed to be made out shall be tendered B 11 foallbe lender for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands publick.money sufficient to answer the same, and ed forpajment» shall refuse or delay the immediate Payment thereof, such receiver-general, Colleffior of the Cu the Day of its being ten floms, Colledlor of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately endorse on the b.ick of drs; d>and thccaufe of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay dorfofthereon' 'an/a111" to pay the same and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some futue Day, within Day to be fixedfor the the Space of two Months at the farthest from the Dav of its having been first tendered to him as Payment.

Vo 1. IX G aforesaid;;

17. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

aforesaid;; Duplicate with the Endorsement thereon shall immediately be delivered back to the Person presenting the same : And if, upon Complaint to be made to the respective Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or Succeflbrs, to manage the said several Duties of the Land If Payment ffiatl have Tax, Customs or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy, 'if the Person complained of be a bem unncceflarity re clerk.of the Cheque, it shall appear that such receiver-general, .Collector of the Customs, col fused or delay, a, Iedlor of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the

Payment of such Pill; or that such receiver-general, Collector of the Cuiloms, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or any Person employed by or under any of them, hath directly '•r any See. taken on or indiredlly received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Difeount or Dedudtion whatsoever, on

Account of Paymtnr, account of the Payment of the said Bill; it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of Offoivder may be fined in the said Commissioners to convidl and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction, in any Sum not exceeding any Sum not exceeding fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; which Scl Conviction shall be made by such respective Commissioners, and such Fine shall be levied and recovered,

in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes. as anv Conviction may be made, and any Penalty may be levied or recovered, for any Offence against any Law by which any Custom to bepam to the In or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informer. formers against such Offender or Offenders.

Bills paid by the Trea V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Bills so paid by the said furcr of the Nny to be Treasurer of the Navy shall be allowed as so much Cafn, paid in ready Money, in the Accounts a uwedjn his Accounts. ^ fjjjj Treasurer of the Navy with the said Treasurer of the said Hospital at Greenwich; and the said Treasurer of the said Hospital is hereby required and directed to allow the same accordingly; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Penalty of perionating ‘ VI And whereas diverse wicked Practises may be carried on by Persons knowingly and willingly imd falsely aflumingthe ‘ personating and falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Out Pensioner of the said Hofpi nameofany outi'en ‘ tal, jn order to receive the Money due to any such Out Pensioner, on account of his Out Pension;; ' m order to receive ge jt further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the Passing of this Act, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate or falsely aifume the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to aitume the Name or Character of any Person entitled, or supposed to be entitled, as an Out Pensioner, to any Out Pension or Allowance of Money from the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, in order to receive the Money due, or supposed to be due on such Out Pension; every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted of any such Offence or Offences, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

the Pension, or procuring any other to do the same,

is Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. XVII

- An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills for rhe Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for allowing his majesty's Subjects to import their Goods and Effects, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in his majesty's Poflefiion.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Ptfcambte*

Treasury empowered. to take in Loans, or issue Exchequer Bills, for any Sum not exceeding j^soo^ooo 1.

in like Manner as ispre feribed by the Malt Act f this Session, concerning Loans or Exchequer Bills thereby to be taken or made.

E your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for raising rhe Residue of the necessary Supplies, which we have cheer 4 fully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto ‘ your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, to cause or direct any Loans to be taken or received at his majesty's Exchequer from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding, in Loaps and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the. Sum of one million and eight hundred thousand Pounds; in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act,

IL ams

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 17. 43

II And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, Provi ciaufes, C imhe faia foes, Powers, Privileges Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the Paid Act relating to Loans last mentioned Aft relating to the Loans or Exchecjuer Bills authorised to be made by the same Aft or Exchequer Bills, (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Aft, and except such

Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the extended to this Act. Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Aft, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

III Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Exchequer Exchequer Bills so iflom Bill or Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act shall, after the same hath or have been rfiued at not to be tendered or, t the Exchequer, be afterwards at any Time before the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hun ceived in Payment of ary dred and sixty four received or taken, or pass or be current to any Receiver or Collector in Great 6

Britain., of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever due or payable p 7

to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, otherwise or on unless the same (lull be any other Account than for the Discharge and Cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in in Course of Payment due Course or Order of Payment before the said sixth Day of April, nor shall any such Receiver or before the laiduay. Collector exchange, at any Time before the said sixth Day of April, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills, which shall have been issued as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refufmg to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money, before the said sixth Day of April, anything in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Rium,

Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Tear one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer The same to be repaid

Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, outof thefirssupplies shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the .whl4 be granted

the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and in case suffi m 1 e next e ilon,

cient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand

seven hundred and sixty four, then all the said Loans or exchequer bills, with the Interest, Premium,

Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys as at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July shall be or remain or out of the Sinking in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplufies, excefi'es, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues funj>if no b

composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking ^ragted before 5 ^

Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that 17 4'

Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as

the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying of!', cancelling, and discharging, such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid oft, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

V Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys Moneys issued for that hall be so issued out of the said Surplufies, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues purl?(i.outot.the s.'nfc' composing the Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Sup "toahc first Suppled plies to be then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary not after, withftanuing.

VI And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he The Bank Impoiyered to lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his ma 3llva"ce on tl, e said crc jesty in like Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, ^notexceedin'1™ any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of one million and eight hundred ia, oool*cee ^ thousand Pounds; anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King

William and Queen Mary, entitled, An Act for granting to their majejues. several Rates and Du the Act? & 6 w. & ties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejjels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recom M. notwuhuanjing. pcnces and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of one > million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys The Moneys aiifing iy coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Aft of this Session of the Malt Act j Parliament, entitled. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt ft

Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Aft, and all theiiitereft, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, Shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient Shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer, either by Loans or Exchequer Dills, upon one. other

G a Aft

44

Lurid Tax:

Annuity and Lottery Ml 'f

with the Sum of 2000, 000 1. charged on the Sin Icing Fund j

C 17. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

Aft of this Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his mnje/ly by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Tear one thoifmdseven hundred and sixty three; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Aft, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby for raising the said Land Tax, should be farisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities, and two Lotteries, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty federal additional Duties upon jvines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry; and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by jvay of Annuities and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties; and alio the Sum of two millions out of such Moneys as shall or may arise of the Surpluses. Excesses, or Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, directed to be issued and applied by one other Act of this Setlion of Parliament, entitled, An al for granting to his Majcjty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Tear one thousand seven hundred and fxty three; and also the Sum of forty seven thoufnnd one hundred and twenty Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Sur

an also the Sum of 47, 120 1. 9 s. 6 d. Sur

Exchequer on he Duties P'L1S t^le several Duties upon Beer and 'ale, granted by an Act made in the first Year of his ma on Beer and Ale; jcfty's Reign; after satisfying all Charges and Encumbrances thereupon, to the fifth Day of ‘january also the Surplus unafpli one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and also such Part of the Sum of twenty thousand id of the Sum of pounds granted to his Majesty in the 1 aft Scfiion of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying h°the°art Seffion11 for c'le Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied. Pay and Clothing of the and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia then unembodied, for one Year, beginning_the unembodied Militia

and the further Sum of 1, 800, 000 1 granted by this A 61, are appropriated as follows j videlicet, 2, 040, 661 1.

3 s. ltd. thereof towards Naval Services in in general.

twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty tvvo, as shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, after the said Charges are satisfied by the said last mentioned Aft made in this Session of Parliament, directed to be issued and applied; and the further Sum of one million and eight hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed;; is to say, It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two millions forty thousand six hundred and sixty one Pounds three Shillings and eleven Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after particularly expressed;; is to say, For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Fear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers; and for or towards maintaining four thousand two hundred and eighty seven Marines; and for and towards the Buildings, Rebuildings and Repairs of his majesty's Ships for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

VIII And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there hall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding three thousand Pounds, for completing the Works of the Hospital; for Pick and wounded Seamen building near Plymouth.

10, 000!. upon Account IX And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids to the Commissioners of or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not cuvpenfion«°sfplul fr excee^‘ng ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be applied by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn' out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital.

204, 329!. for charge of X And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority' aforesaid, That out of all or any the the Office of Land Scr Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred four thousand three hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

XI And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four millions seven hundred forty-three thousand eight hundred and five Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, for and towards maintaining his majesty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed;; is to say, any Sum or Sums of Money 6 60 tffeflive Men not excee<fing fur hundred eighty-five thousand three hundred and seventecn Pounds two Shillings from 25dec. 1762 to'24 an ten Pence. for defraying the Charge of fifty six thousand three hundred and sixty effective Men, Apr. 2763 j for Guards and Garrisons, and other his majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Gucrnfey, and

Jersey, including those in Germany, Portugal, and Belleife, for one hundred and twenty-one Days, from the twenty-fifth Day ok December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two to the twenty-fourth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, both Days inclusive, according to 408, 372). 33 s 4d for their present Eftabliftiment, and for reducing their Numbers 5 and any Sum or Sums not exceeding

Charge of 17*536 efifec

live Men, including invalids, for Guards and Garrisons, from 25 Apr, j763 to 24 Dec, following 5

four

3, 000]. for enmpleating the Hospital near Plymouth.

Service,

4, 743, 805 1. 33 s. 11 d.

I q. for pay. cof the Land Forces in general $

whereof 485, 317 K 2s. jo d. for Charge of

A. D. 1762.

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 17.

45

four hundred eight thousand three hundred and seventy two Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, for defraying the Charge of seventeen thousand five hundred and thirty-six effedlive Men,

Commissioned and non commissioned Officers included, and including two thousand seven hundred and forty-three Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from the twenty-fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty three to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both Days inclusive, being two hundred and forty four Days; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two hundred seventy 2755, 893 I. m. for the eight thousand eight hundred and ninety three Pounds and eleven Shillings, for maintaining his Forces ?nd Garrisons in majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Africa, Martinico, and the t'lc Plantations, C Havannah, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, Providence, 'j0™2, 5 '?62 t0

Quebeck, Guadeloupe, Senegal, and Goree, for one hundred and twenty-one Days, from the twenty 24 pr'i? 35 fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two to the twenty-fourth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, both Days inclusive, according to their present efta bliftiment, and for reducing their Numbers; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding two gi; 7gr j 3 s gj. for hundred eighty one thousand seven hundred eighty one Pounds three Shillings and sixpence, for Forces and Garrisons maintaining his majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, 'including those in Garrison at in he Plantations, C Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gib *5 APr'r763 t0 f raltar, ghiebcck, and Senegal!, for two hundred and forty-four Days, from the twenty fifth Day ec‘owlng5 of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty three to the twenty-fourth Day of December following, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding sixteen thousand four 112, 438), 7 s, for th? 2

hundred thirty-eight Pounds and seven Shillings, for defraying the Charge of two Regiments Of ree|n™t!of Hor Horse serving in Germany, and four Regiments of Foot serving in North America on the Irish Efta rcgim0nts^ffoo" on blifhment, for one hundred and twenty-one Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thou the Irish eftabli.'hment, sand seven hundred and sixty two to the twenty-fourth Day of April one thousand seven hundred fervmg in North ame and sixty three, both Days inclusive;; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eleven thou rica from 25 Dec I76a sand two hundred ninety one Pounds eight Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny, for the Pay of the *° f '2

General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain for the Year one thousand seven hundred and f0r'pay of the General'

sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and General stall for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia for one Year, beginning the twen cers; ty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Mo ts°, ooo 1. for Pay and ney not exceeding thirty-three thousand three hundred fifty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and six cloa, *"ngof the^mmma; Pence, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his majesty's Land Forces and Marines for the Year the reduced7officei's of one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of imoney not exceeding eighty the Laid Forces and eight thousand seven hundred and four Pounds three Shillings and fourpence, upon Account of the Marines; reduced Officers of his majesty's Land Forces already disbanded, and such as are to be disbanded 88, 704]. 3s. 4d. to the for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not ex lsnaorccs^ftanded ceeding two thousand nine hundred and ten Pounds one Shilling and eight Pence, for defraying the anj to be diftanded; Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse 2, 9101. is. 8d. to the Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops Officers a.id'privategen of Horse Guards for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of t, e™en(.ot Money not exceeding one thousand seven hundred and forty-two Pounds, for the paying of Pensions Rc, tme^t ofhorfe"re to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the duced., and superannuated Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Gentlemen of the 4 Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred Troopsof Horse Guards; and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty-one thousand seven hundred and eight Pounds thirteen Shillings and fourpence, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Chelsea;; r'jt^'d. for Hospital for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Money Out'penfioners of chei not exceeding eighty-five thousand one hundred fifty-eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and eight sea Hospital;

Pence and three seventh Parts of a Penny, for defraying the Charge of two thousand one hundred 85, 1581. 14s. 8 J, 3

twenty Horse, and nine thousand nine hundred Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers,

the Officers of the Hospital, and Officers and others belonging ro the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave 0™'°'

of the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffcl in the Pay of Great Britain, for ninety Days, from the twenty Hesse Cassel, pursuant

sith Day of December one thousand seven hundted and sixty two to the twenty-fourth Day of March to Treaties;

one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidies pursuant

to Treaties; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighty seven thousand six hun 87, 690!. 18s. 6a. 4

dred and ninety Pounds eighteen Shillings and sixpence and four seventh Parts of a Penny, for dea Penny,

fraying the Charge of an additional Corps of nine hundred and twenty Horse, and six tho'ufand and caffey ro0fs°

seventy two Foot, together with the General and Staff Officers, the Officers of the Hospital, and '

Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cassel in the Pay of Great Britain, tor three hundred and twenty-eight Days, from the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty three to the twenty-fourth Day of November following, both Days inclusive, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fortyfive 4S>42oli, 6s 6d 3 thousand four hundred and twenty Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence and three seventh Parts of favenths a Fen, Y', or ar p^nny for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejje lajjel in the Pay ot Great Britain, confiding of six hundred and fifty six Hone, and two p„rfuant to Treaty; thousand seven hundred and thirty-six Foot, for three hundred and thirty-five Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two to the twenty-fourth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, both Days inclusive, pursuant to » Treaty;

49, 308 1. I 9. I L

3 — I id. for subjidy and Troop of the Duke of Hmnlwiclc, pur hi a it to lieaty 5

4, 3281. 8s. 5 J. to make good the Deficiency in the Sum voted lart seg fkm, for Hie Pay of Augmentation, to the the Troops of Brunswick; 50, 000 1. to the Landgrave of Hefic Cartel, puifuant to Treaty 5 71, 381 1. 16s, Sd. for Ch rge of Troops in the Tart Indies j

1, 388, 7561. Ijs. Jd. for extraordinary ex penccs of the Land Forces, C to 31 t. 1762, not provided for 5

951, 249 I. 6 d. for extraordinary Expenses of the Land Forces, See, for the Year 1763, not provided for.

1, 000, 0001. to discharge the like Sum raised pursuant to an Act of the last Sellion, and charged On the first Aids j

1, 500, 0001, for paying" off Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an fits of the lart Sqftion^

4, 5891. 13 s. n <1. i q. for Charges in maintaining the Settlement of Nova Scotia in 176p, pot provided for .5

5, 6741. is. Tod. for Charges of the Civil efta blirtimentof Nova Scotia;

4, 1361. for Charges of the Civil Establishment pf Georgia $

133, 333 1. 6s. 8 d. as?, Ccmpenfation to the Provinces in North Amerira, for Expenses incurred in Levying, Clothing and Pay of Troops there j

? 3, 0001. for supporting the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa 3

40, 0501. to the Foundling Hospital;; be issued without See j

C 17. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-nine thousand three hundred and eight Pounds one Shilling and one Penny, and three eleventh Parts of a Penny, for defraying the Charge of one thousand lour hundred and forty-four Cavalry, and two thousand three hundred and thirty Infantry, the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick in the Pay of Great Britain, for eighty six Days, from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two to the twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidies for the said Time, pursuant to Treaties; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand three hundred twenty-eight Pounds eight Shillings and five Pence, to make good a Deficiency in the Sum voted last Session, for the Pay of an Augmentation to the Troops of the Reigning Duke of Brunswick, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to complete the Payment of two hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, as a reasonable Succour in Money to the Landgrave of Hcffe Cajfel, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seventy one thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds sixteen Shillings and eight Pence, for defraying the Charge of four Regiments of Foot serving in the East Indies, for three hundred and sixty five Days, from the twenty fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two to the twenty-fourth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, both Days inclusive;; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million five hundred eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty six Pounds fifteen Shillings and five Pence, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty one to the thirty first Day of October one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, both Days inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding nine hundred fifty one.thousand two hundred forty-nine Pounds and sixpence, for defraying the extraordinary Expenses of his majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty two to the nineteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and not provided for by Parliament.

XII And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there Shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in pufuance of an ast made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XJII. And it is hereby also enadlcd by the Authority aforesaid. That out of ail or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one million five hundred thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to pay off and discharge the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an act passed in the last Session of Parliament, entitled. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raije a certain Sum of Money towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy, and towards Naval Services for the Tear one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.

XIV And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, hat out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there Shall and may beiffued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand five hundred eighty nine Pounds thirteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand six hundred ieventy four Pounds one Shilling and ten Pence, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Eftabliftiment of his majesty's said Colony of Nova Scotia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding four thousand one hundred thirty-six Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Eftabliftiment of his majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expenses attending the same from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty two to the twenty-fourth Day of ‘june one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

XV And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding one hundred thirty-three thousand three hundred thirty-three Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to give a proper Compensation to the refpeiftive Provinces in North America, for the Expenses incurred by them in the Levying, Clothing and Pay of the Troops raised by the same, according as the a£tive Vigour and strenuous Efforts of the respective Provinces shall be thought by his Majesty to merit; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirteen thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the Fort at anna maboe, and the other British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty thousand and fifty Pounds, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two exclusive to the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty three inclusive; and that the said Sum be issued and

2 paid

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 17,

paid for the Ufc of the fa id Hospital without Fee or Reward, or any Dedudtion whatsoever;; any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding six thousand four hundred and ten Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings, to make good to his Majesty the like Sum issued by his majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addrdfes of the House of Commons; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding five thousand Pounds, towards enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an A made in the last Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for paving, cleanjtng and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lancs within the City and Liberty s/'weftmin(lcr, the Parijhss Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of Saint andrew's Holborn which lies in the County s/'midakfex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy o/'lancafter which lies in the County o/'middlefex; and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; more effectually to perform .the Truits reposed in them; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-nine thousand five hundred fifty-eight Pounds one Shilling and sixpence, to make good the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts made in the sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and the sixth Year of the Reigri of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon to the fifth Day of ‘january one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding forty-eight thousand eight hundred ninety one Pounds fourteen Shillings and eleven Pence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hunjred and sixty two, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and upon Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act passed in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for paying Annuities at the Bank of England in refpedi of five millions borrowed toward the Supply granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty six thousand seven hundred and ten Pounds, tore place to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the fifth of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, of the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, to answer and pay the several Annuities of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and one Pound two Shillings and sixpence per Centum, • on eleven millions four hundred thousand Pounds, Part of twelve millions, borrowed towards the Supply granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the first Year of his majesty's Reign, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding seven thousand one hundred and fifty-one Pounds nine Shillings and one Penny Farthing, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two

XVI And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be iltued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Actor Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

XVII And, as to the said Sum of thirty-three thousand three hundred fifty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence, and eighty eight thousand seven hundred and four Pounds three Shillings and fourpence, by this Act appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforesaid. It is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That the Rules herein after prescribed, shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served, was reduced; that no Person Ihalhhave or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other phce or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; That no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of'the same,, who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons, and eight Regiments of Foot, lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken off the Eftabliftiment of half-pay in Great Britain.

‘ XVIII And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed' in the second Year of his pre ‘ sent majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million, for ‘ the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this ‘ Sefftan of Parliament; and for allowing Time for the Payment, of the Stamp Duties omitted to be paid upon ‘ admijjtons into Corporations or Companies, and Appointments to Offices therein; and for the Relief of ‘ William Earl, in r effect of a Quantity of ivhiie Salt lojl by the ivr'eck of a Ship near the Harbour of ‘ Dublin; the several Supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty, as is therein men ‘ tioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed;; which,

5 any Sum or Sums not exceeding thirty-four thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds, was ‘ appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his majesty's Land Forces and Marines, ffib

‘ je<a

47

64.10i. 5 s. 10 d. to make good the like Sum issued by his Majesty, pursuant to the Address of the House of Commons;

5, 0001. to enable th Commissioners for pa • ving, C the Streets of Westminster, to perform the Trust reposed in them $

49, 558 1. 1 s, 6 d. to make good the Deficiency of Tonnage and Poundage of 6 Anna and 6 Geo. 1.

48, 891 1. 14 s. 11 d. to make good the deficiency on 5 July 1762, of the Duties on Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses and Lights;

26, 710!. to make good the Deficiency on 5 Jan, 1762, of the additional Duty on Strong Beer and Ale;

7, i5il. | s. t q. to

make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1762,

These Aids to be applied to no other Uses,

kuips to be observed in the Application of the ■ half-pay.

See 4, Geo, 3. C 23*

Clause in the Act of # Geo, 3. C 34,

C 18.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

Application of the Savings of the Sum of 34, 383 1, granted lad Session towards Half

r*y«

Any Goods or Effects being the Growth or Traduce of any of the I Hands ceded by the Definitive Treaty of 10 Mar. 1763, 10 the Crowns of France and Spain may be imported by Biitifh Subjects, in British Ships, at any Time before 1 Nov. 1763, paying com duties.

Preamble.

Towards railing the Supplies granted, there may jbe issued out of the Sinking Fund, a Sum not exceeding 'a, ooo, ooo 1.

47, x&oj. 9 s. 6d. Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, of the Duties on Beer and Ale;

and such Part of the Sum of 20, 000 1. granted in the Uft Session, to ja'aids pay of the unembodied Militia, as shall be .applied.

‘ jest nevertheless to such Rules to be observed in the Application of the said half-pay, as in and ‘ by the aforesaid Aft were prescribed in that Behalf: ' Now it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That so much of the said Sum of thirty-four thousand three hundred eighty-three pounds, as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in'the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty shall "judge to be proper objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this Act or the said former Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ XIX And whereas by the Definitive Treaty of Peace between his Majesty and the Crowns of

* France and Spain, ratified the tenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, ‘ the Islands of Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, Defiradc, Martinico, and Gone, are ceded to France, ‘ and all that his Majesty had conquered in the Island of Cuba is ceded to Spain, and the Term of

* eighteen Months to be computed from the Day of the Ratification of the said Treaty, is thereby ‘ allowed to British Subjects to transport their Effects from those Islands: And whereas the Produce ‘ of those Places imported into this Kingdom, after the Restitution thereof to France and Spain, will ‘ be subject to higher Duties than they were liable to, during the Time they remained in his majesty's 6 Possession: : ' the end therefore that his majesty's Subjects, having Effects in the Places before mentioned, may have all due Encouragement and Opportunity to bring the same from thence; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any of his majesty's Subjects, to import into this Kingdom at any Time before the first Day of November one thousand leven hundred and sixty four, and no longer, in British Ships navigated according to Law, dirnftl from the Places before mentioned, any Goods or eft'efts being the Growth or Produce thereof respectively, upon Payment of such and the like Customs and Duties only, as would be due and payable for the same, if such Places had remained and were in the poffeltion of his Majesty; any Law, cu ftom, orufage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

E your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 7'emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That by or out of such Moneys as shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluffes, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called ‘the Sinking fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied, for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, a Sum not exceeding two millions; and the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of forty seven thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, being the Surplus of the several Duties upon Beer and Ade, granted by an Act made in the first Year of his majesty's Reign, after satisfying all Charges and Encumbrances thereupon, to the fifth Day of January o northeast thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and also such Part of the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the Clothing of the Part of the said Militia then unembodied, for one Year, beginning the twerity fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, as shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer after the said Charges are satisfied, shall and may be, in like Manner, ift'ued and applied at the said Receipt, for and towards the said Supply.

III And

A, D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 18. 49

Ilf. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in Case the said Commissionere of ciauft of tan forraif. his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any ing the aforesaid Sum or three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it .adviseable to *, ooo, oool. raise the said Sum of two millions, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in Manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of two millions, upon the Credit of the said Surpluses, Excesses and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues compoftng the Sinking Fund, and to have and: receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Tine being, who are hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose, as fall as such Loans shall be wanted for the public Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act, shall be rated or afiefled to any Tax or Affeffmelnt whatsoever.

IV And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon tai*‘4s vf Loan may see the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immedi fir'ack for the same, ately have a Tally of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant foi Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of'money foto be lent, Orders to be_regiftere$ shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates refpedtivcly; and that all and every Person ani ?31<i lr‘cou'e‘ and Persons shall be paid in Course according as their Orders shall ftaiid registered in the said register Books, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, admi ftrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of Register, fnall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of' the said Surpluses, 1 Excesses, or other Revenues; and he, fhc or they who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, 'and so successivelv and in Course'; and that the Monies'to come in o'f'or for the fait! Surpluffes, Excesses and Overplus Moneys or other Revenues compofmg the Sinking Fund as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said rdpediive Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Succefiors or Assigns refpedtivcly, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whutsoever (other than' such Uses and Purposes as are appointed by any other Ad or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid;; that no Fee, Reward or Gra No Feetobepaid for tuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his majesty's Subjects, for provi registering, C ding or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lots his Place also;; if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made. un, northeast

either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Of crence‘ fleet or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and sit all be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place:

And in Case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed;; he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks therein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid;; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incur how to be .recovered, red by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Effoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of re ftraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed,

V Provided always, and it is declared. That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Xt be deemed 1, 0

Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Re t^fhes^eda™" ' wilcrs ceipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered A, AA Ain,,,, first, so as he enters them all the same Day. 5!

VI Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in nor iffubfequent Orders point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay ke paid be!, ore such as subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders be course, 0t em"*r C ^ fore other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course;;

as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease frpiq the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank .for them,

Vol. IX jf VII And'

C 18.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. d.1762.

Orders arguable 40tles quoties.

commiltioners of the Tieafury.3 if rhey shall think it more advileu ble to laife the said Sum, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, hey may make out any Number of new Exchequer Bills for the same, in like Manner and Form as is prcfcubed by the Male Ad of this Session,

Clauses in the said Act relat ng to Exchequer Bills, extended to those to be made out hi pursuance of this Act,

Th fa: d Bills, int erect, Premium and Charges payable out of the sink ingfund.

The Bank Empowered to advance, on the said Credit of Loan, any Sum or Sums not exceeding 2, 00, 000 1.

the Ad 5 & 6 W. &

M. C 20. notwithstanding.

VII And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Money shall be due, for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, rpay assign and transfer his, her or their Right Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order to and other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner assign again, and so toiies quoties; and afterwards it shall not he in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VIII And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the Whole the said Sum of two millions, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or hy iltuing Exchequer Bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the Public Service; Be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That in case the commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more adviseable to raise the said Sum of two millions, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered, at any Time or Times, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, any Nun her of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum of two millions, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in.and by a certain Act of this present Session of Parliament, entitled. An Act for continuing and granting to his Alajefiy certain Ditties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Tear one thousand seven hundred and fxty three, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said Act.

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, pro vifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained in the said last mentioned Act, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same Act (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Act, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be paid in pursuance of this Act, as fully anj cffedtually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Actor as if the said fevera] Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

X And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills as shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born by and out of the growing Produce of the said Surpluses, Excefies and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any former or other Actor Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

XI And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to his Majesty in like Manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two millions; anything in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, entitled, An Act for granting to their Majesty's several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and

'upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as Shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the ivar against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX

G. 19, 20,

A. D. 1762.

Anno tertio Georgii III

CAP. XIX

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Hundreds of Bradford, Melkjham, and ivhorlfdoivn, in the County of ivuis.

"Preamble. Commissioners Names. Commissioners constituted a Court: Their Power. Election of new Commissioners, and of Clerks and Sergeants. No Commissioner to hold any "Place of Profit. Election of new Clerks and Sergeants. Clerks to six; up Lists of commission ‘c ers in the Courthouse;; issue Summonfes, and register Orders, C Sergeants to serve Pre ""See. Method of Proceeding, Power given to sue for any Debt under forty Shillings. "Clerks of the Court to issue Process: : of Service. On Proof of Service of Summons, "Commissioners to hear and determine: May administer Oaths. On nonappearance of the De ""to proceed ex parte. On nonappearance or Nonsuit of the Plaintiff, to award Costs ** to award Execution. Party to be committed. Execution against Goods to be "levied by Distress. Party absconding, or removing Goods, Execution to issue. Court may or ""Debts to be paid : At several Times. Defendant liable on the first Failure, to the whole "Sum. On Execution, the Clerk to endorse the Debt and Costs recovered. In what Cases Ex ""to he superseded. Sergeants suffering Defendant to escape, or Goods to be removed, "to pay the Debt and Costs recovered. Commissioners to take an Oath : Memorial thereof to be "registered hythe Clerks. Fees to be taken. Table of Fees to be hung up in the Courthouse ""on taking greater Fees. On notorious Offences, to displace Clerks or Sergeants. Com ""or Clerks when interest d, not to aft. Penalty on Persons infuning the Court. Copy "of the preceding Clause to be stuck up in the Court Hoiife. Gaoler or Master of Houses of "Correction, to receive Persons committed by this Act : Penalty on rtfufing, or permitting to "escape. Application of the Penalty. No Action for a Debt recoverable by this Act to be "brought in any otner Court. To what Debts this Act inall not extend. Penalty of wilful and corrupt Perjury. No Attorney to aft as an Advocate or Commissioner in the Court. Attorney "not privileged. W itnefs not obeying a Subpoena, to be fined. Quakers Affirmation to be alii lowed. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. Public Aft.

«.. J

CAP. XX

An Act for permitting the Importation, from Ireland, of stale and dirty Butter, not fit

for eating, commonly called Grease Butter.

5l

‘ J HEREAS stale and dirty Butter not fit for eating, called Grease Butter, is an effntial Preamble,

‘ VV Ingredient in the Manufactory of Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad and Narrow ‘ Bays, which is carried on to a great Extent: And whereas from the Scarcity of the Lid Ingre'

‘ dient, the said Manufactory is at present greatly distressed, and is in danger of being reduced,

‘ and the Exportation of such Goods greatly lessened: : whereas the permitting the Importation * from Ireland of such Grease Butter will be advantageous to the said Manufaftury, and of great ‘ public Utility Be it therefore enacted by the king's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Add, importation of Create the Importation of stale and dirty Butter, not fit to eat, called Grease Butter, from Ireland, ftiall be Emiei permitted from and is hereby permitted, allowed and authorised for and during the Term of five Years from thence I eland, Duty free, for nextenfuing, and from thence to the End of the theii next Session of Parliament; and that all Per the rcim, ot.5 ^earsr Ions Avail be, and are hereby exempted, freed and discharged from the Payment of all Subfidics,

Cuftonis, Rates, Duties or other Impositions, and also from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments and Puniftiments, for or upon Account of importing or bringing into any Port within the Kingdom of Great Britain stale and dirty Butter not fit for eating, commonly called Grease Butter, from Ireland, during the Term aforesaid;; such Butter, and the Package and Quantity thereof, °pcn duly entering the shall be duly entered at the customhouse at any such Port. at lhe Custom

II And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Grease Butter where any shall be f.iz shall he flopped or seized by any of the Officers of his majesty's Customs at such Port, under Pre ed, as not coming with tence of its being fit to eat, or otherwise, as not coming within the Intent and Meaning of this in the Meaning of this Act, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace for the County, District or Division where Afl> the same Aral 1 be flopped or seized;; such Justices are hereby authorised and required, within just; ces of lbe Pjace fourteen Days after Application made to them for that Purpose, to hear and determine the Matter my hear and determine in a summary Way; and for that Purpose to.infpeft, if they think fit, the Butter in Question;; the Matter in a summa and also to call before them, and examine on Oath, any two reputable Persons, Dealers in Butter; ry Way. by lnfpeftiors, one whereof shall be allowed to be chosen by the Importer or Proprietor, and the other by the Of and Examma ion of ficer or other Person so flopping or seizing such Grease Butter, and also such other Witnesses - htioo'tkereto'^ **"

Avail be desired by either Party; and the Determination of the said Justices therein ftiall be binding and eonclufive to and upon ail Parties, wherein no Certiorari shall be allowed.

Hz

III And

General ifiuct

Treble coss,

Preamble, reciting Claufs in at j9 Heo, 7.

Foreign Silk Ribbons, Laces or Girdles imported,

are forfeitable and may be seized by any Person;

and the Importer forfeits also rool,

and all Persons afiifling therein, 50!. each.

and the Venders, 'retailers, and Persons concealing the same, forfeit, besides the Loss of the Goods, 50!.

‘one Moiety of the said Penalties to go to the

King,

and the other to the Prosecutor,

sobe recovered in any of the Courts at west sninilcr,

ar Exchequer in Scotland,

C 21. Anno tertio Georgii III A. d. 1762.

III And be it further cnadlcd by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this ats, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Blue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial .to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it hall appear foto have been done, the Jury shall find For the Defendant or Defendants; and if the.plaintiff shall be nonsuited' ' dilcon tinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have .appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff; the.defendant or Defendants shall .and may recover Treble Celts, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXI

An al for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, entitled, "Silk Works?'

‘ TT t he.reasbyanas passed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Henry the f yv Seventh, entitled, "Silk Works " it is, amongst other Things, ordained and enacted,

‘ That no Manner of Person final 1 from thenceforth bring or cause to be brought into the Realm of ‘ England, to be sold, any Manner of Silk wrought by itself, or with any other Stuff, in any ‘ Place out of.the said Realm, in Ribbons, laces or, Girdles; upon Pain of Forfeiture of all the •e said Ribbons, Laces and Girdles, and every of them, in whose Hands soever they be found, or C the Values of the same, the one Moiety to the King, and the other Moiety unto any of the king's s Subjects that would sue for the same; and whereas notwithstanding the aforesaid Aft, and the ‘ other Laws now in Being, great Quantities of Foreign Manufactures, and particularly Ribbons,. •c Laces and Girdles, are brought into, and sold in this Kingdom, to the great Diminution of'the

Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to .the great Prejudice, Hindrance and Impoverishment of great Numbers of his majesty's Subjects; an Evil which, if not timely prevented, s will affect and greatly lessen the Public Revenue, and greatly Distress' the Silk Tfade and Manu 4 faftures of this Kingdom For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the king's moil Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affenibled, 'and by, the authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons shall after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, import, bring or convey, or cause to be imported, brought or conveyed into this Kingdom, any .Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, not made and manufactured in Great Britain, whether the same be wiought of Silk alone, ' or wrought of Silk mixed with any other Materials; all such Ribbons,. Laces and Girdles shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be forfeited; and the same shall and may be seized and'detained hy any Person or Persons whatsoever, in whatever Importers, Venders or Retailers. Hands the same may be found or discovered; and shall be disposed of as herein after is mentioned; and the'person or Persons bringing, conveying or importing such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles into this Kingdom, or causing the same to be so brought, conveyed or imported, shall also forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and all and every Person and Persons who shall be aiding, abetting or assisting in the bringing and conveying or importing into this .Kingdom any such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles as aforesaid, shall several ly forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, over and above any Interest which he, she or they, may have, or may have had, .in any such Ribbons, Laces or'girdles.

II And be it further enacted by the'authority aforesaid, That all and' every Person and Persons, being a Vender or Venders, Retailer or'retailers, of any Kind of Ribbons, Laces or Girdles reipeftively, in whose Custody or poffeftion any such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, or any of them, shall be found, of who shall sell or expose to Sale, any such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles as aforesaid, or who shall conceal any such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, with Intent to preveht the Forfeiture'or Seizure of the same, shall, over and above the Forfeiture and'loss of such Ribbons, Laces and Girdles, and all Interest which he, fire or they may have therein, for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

III And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary forfeitures and Penalties incurred under this Act shall be paid, one Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, and the other Moiety to him or them who will sue or prosecute for the same respectively; ' such of the said Penalties which shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be sued and prosecuted for in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Effoin, pro teftion, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such of them as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be sued and prosecuted for in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, in such Manner as any Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against the Laws touching the Customs may be sued or prosecuted for there respectively.

IV Provided

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgi 1 III C 2r. 53

IV Provided always, and be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever where the Value of the

.such Ribbons, Laces and Girdles hall be found and seized in that Part of Great Britain called Goods so fazedout of England, and out of the Cities of London and jvejlminjler, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills out of London and west of Mortality, and the same shall not exceed in Value the Sum of twenty Pounds, it shall and donot exceed

may be lawful'for two or more of his majesty's Justices of the Peace for such County, City, Bo '

rough or Place where the same shall be so sound and seized, upon any Information • before them, ce'j^^c^nl^nnatbn that such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles .were seized as Ribbons, Laces or Girdles unduly brought or Discharge thereof. * into, and not manufactured within'this Kingdom, to hear and determine the same, and to proceed to Condemnation or discharge thereof, as shall seem just; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And, for the utter Prevention of all and every such Ribbons, Laces and Girdles seized and condemned as aforesaid, from ever being made use of to the Prejudice of the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, .Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such After Condemnation the ribbons, Laces and Girdles, after Condemnation thereof, shall, by Order of the Court, judge cr Goods to be burnt. Judges, or Justices, where or.before whom such Condemnation shall be had, be publicly burnt

and entirely destroyed;; the Execution, of such Order shall and may be suspended for so long suspending the Execution' Time onl^ as may be 'thought just and meet, for the better attaining the Ends of Justice, with re thereof only tii^pjofe guard to any Suit or Prosecution .had, or to be had, for the Recovery of any pecuniary Penalty or cutl0n 0 1 e ena ueso Penalties by this Act inflicted.

VI Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That forth The goods.afterseizure, with, after the Seizure of any such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles as aforesaid, the same, until they to be deposited, till Con -- shall be condemned, burnt and destroyed as aforesaid, or discharged as unduly seized, shall be de damnation, ordjcharge,. posited in one of the king's Warehouses belonging to the customhouse, in case such Seizure hap in tj?s s Ware' pens to be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, where the „adewithin* he'bilts of same shall be received and admitted at all Times by the proper Officer or Officers there, who is and Mortality,

are hereby empowered and required to receive and preserve the same until they shall be condemned,

burnt and destroyed, or discharged as aforesaid; and in case such Seizure shall be made out of the if elsewhere, then in the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality, then the same shall be de Hand of the Chlcf Ma posited in the Hands of the Chief Magistrate of such City, Town or Place where the same shall ®'ftratej' ■

be seized, or in the Hands of the Constable of the next adjacent Village, who is and are hereby or Constable;

empowered and required to receive and preserve the same, until they shall be condemned, burnt and destroyed, or discharged as aforesaid;; all and every such Ribbons, Laces and Girdles may and to be free to infppsj

from time to time be viewed and inspected by any Person or Persons, on Behalf of the Prose tion; with leats

cutor or Prosecutors, or of the Person.. Persons interested in, or claiming, the said Ribbons, Court > Ci0‘

Laces and Girdles, with the Leave of the Court, Officers, Judges or Justices, where or before whom any Prosecution or Suit shall be carried on for Condemnation thereof, or for Recovery of any Penalty by this Act inflicted, who are and is hereby required to make and give such Order, from time to time, for that Purpose, as may be just and reasonable.

VII And, for the better discovering and detesting any Offender or Offenders against this Act,

Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon an Information in Writing made upon Oath Upon Information given before any two or more of his majesty's Justices of the Peace for the respective County or Place j" Search War which Information shall be ftgned by the Party or Parties making the lame) that there is good iabtsmay be granted 3; Ground and Reason to suspect that fitch Ribbons, Laces or Girdles as aforesaid, have been imported into this Kingdom, and are concealed by, or are in the Possession or Custody of any Retailer or Seller of any Kind of Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, contrary to the true Intent of this Aftj it shall and may be lawful for such justices respectively, to issue their Warrant or Warrants to any Constable or Constables, or other Peace Officer or Officers, within the said County or Place, impowering him or them to search, in the daytime, the House or Houses, out house or out houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Rooms, and other Places, belonging to, or hired, employed, or made use of, by such Retailer or Seller who shall be suspected to conceal or have in his, her or their Possession or Custody, any Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, not made or manufactured within Great Britain, and if any such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, not being made and Seizure made oft or manufactured within Great Britain, shall be. found, to seize and carry away the same, fuc1' Goods as shall for the Purpose of carrying, this Act into Execution, and to dispose thereof as is herein be thereui'0n 1, 2 founds' fore directed.

VIII And Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this General i(tue;

Aft and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same

was done by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, then the fury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be non Tutted, or discontinue his Action, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs.. have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have treble coftl in other Cases by Law.

I X Provided

54-

Defendant, with Leave, may pay Money into Court

In Doubts with respect to the Place where the Goods were manufa£lu- red, the Onus probandi to lie on the Person in whose Custody they are found.

Persons in whose cudo dy fnch Goods hall be seized (not importing or concealing the same) discovering the Vender,

are difeharped from the Penalty themselves.

The Wearers of such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, are exempted from all Forfeiture and Penalty,

preamble, reciting Clause in A ia Geo. J. fa 8.

C 22. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

IX Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby cnaded, That in every such Action, it Avail and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, by Leave of the Court where such Action ftiall be depending, at any Time before iltiie joined, to nay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall lee fit, as Amends for the Matter or Cause complained of in such Action; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders and Judgments shall and may be had, made and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

X And be it further cnaded by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, wrought of Silk alone, or of Silk mixed with any other Materials, shall be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, and any Doubt or Question shall afterwards arise, where the said Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, so wrought as aforesaid, were manufactured, the Proof shall lie upon such Person or Persons, being a Vender or Venders, Retailer or Retailers, of any Kind of Ribbons, Laces or Girdles respectively, in whose Custody or Possession the same were found, and not upon the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, Plaintiff or Plaintiff's; and in case no such Proof shall be given, that such Ribbons, Laces and Girdles, were manufactured within Great Britain, th n the same shall, without any further Proceeding, be taken and held to have been manufactured out of Great Britain, and contrary to, and in Violation of, this Act; any Law or cu ltom to the contrary r.otwirhftanding.

XI Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That if any such Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Possession any such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles as aforesaid, shall be seized by virtue and in pursuance of this Act (such Person or Persons not importing or concealing the same) fiiall discover, upon Oath, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, the Person or Persons who sold such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, to such Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be seized, so as that such Person or Persons so selling the same shall or may be prosecuted atid eonvided according to the Intent of this Act, as the Seller thereof, in cafo the same shall be, or he taken and held to be, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, manufactured out of Great Britain; such Person or Persons so discovering as aforesaid, shall be, and is and arc hereby freed and discharged of and from all and every Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, upon all and every Person and Persons being a Vender or Venders, a Retailer or Retailers, having in their Custody or Possession, any such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles as aforesaid, not made or manufactured in Great Britain, and of and from any Proof that such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, so seized as aforesaid, are manufactured in Great Britain.

XII Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be in any wise construed to extend, to iubjed: any Person or Persons whatsoever, who Avail wear or make use of such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles, as aforesaid, as Part of his, her or their Apparel or Dress only, to any Forfeiture, or to any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties inflicted by this Act, or to any Proof that such Ribbons, Laces or Girdles are manufactured within great Britain.

CAP. XXII

An a<ffc for the further Improvement of his majesty's Revenue of Customs, •, for the Encouragement of Officers making Seizures; and for the Prevention of the clandestine Running of Goods into any Part of his majesty's Dominions.

‘ "w YT HEREAS by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ‘ VV George the First, entitled, in Bet for the Improvement of his majesty's Revenues of cu f fovn, Excise, and Inland Ditties, the Commissioners of tnofe Revenues are respectively empowered ‘ and directed to cause all Tea, Coffee, Foreign Brandy, Rum or other Foreign exciseable Liquors, ‘ which shall be seized by any Officers of the Customs or Excise, after Condemnation, to be pub ‘ lickly sold to the belt Bidder, at lhch Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and ‘ to allow the Officers making such Seizures, for their Encouragement, one third Part of the full

• Sum arising from the publick Sale of all such Tea, Coffee, Foreign Brandy, Rum or other ex ‘ cifenble Liquors, free from all Charges of Condemnation and Sale; and to cause the remaining ‘ Part of the Produce of such Sales, after paying the Reward to the Officer, and the Charges of ‘ Condemnation and Sale for such Seizures, to be paid into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer,

* in Lieu of his majesty's Moiety, as was then practised: : whereas by several subsequent Acts ‘ of Parliament, one Moiety of all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, imposed by any Ad relating ‘ to the Duties of Excise, or any other Duty under the Management of the Commissioners of that ‘ Revenue, is given to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or s them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same; in pursuance of which Laws the Officers ‘ of Excise seizing any of the Commodities herein before enumerated, have been allowed a Moiety

thereof; but the Provisions in those subsequent Laws, not extending to such Seizures when f made by Officers of the Customs, they have hitherto been allowed only one Third of the C Produce thereof, pursuant to the Directions of the before recited Act of the twelfth of George C the First; and whereas the Power given by the said recited Act to the respective Commmissioners

A. D. 1762.

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 22.

55

of the Customs and Excise, to cause the Goods therein enumerated to be publicly sold, has been found very advantageous to the Revenue; and if the like Power was extended in general to all Sorts of Goods, it would prevent many Frauds and illicit Combinations practised by Bidders in the Court of Exchequer, to the great Detriment of the publick Revenue and the fair Trader : And whereas, it is highly reasonable and just, as well as of publick Utility, that the Officers of the Customs and Excise ftiould have equal Encouragement to be vigilant in the Exertion of their Duty, to suppress the pernicious Practice of Smuggling; ' To which End, May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day Vefels or Goods seize! of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, it shall and maybe lawful to and for theu the Officers of t he Commissioners of his majesty's Customs, to cause all Ships, Vessels and Boats, and all Goods ^ter'con/emrr y of what Kind soever they may be (excepting only such Vessels, Boats, and Goods, as are by tion, to the belt Bidder, Law liable to be burnt) which shall be seized by any Officers of the Customs, for unlawful Im at such traces as the portation, or for nonpayment of Duties, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, and condemned comm'flicnets of the according to Law, to be sold publicly to the best Bidder, at such Places as the slid Commis Customs (hail think pro ftoners shall think proper; and all and every Officer who shall seize such Goods, ftiall, for his and cres thepr0 their Encouragement, be allowed by the Paid Commissioners, one Moiety of the Net Produce ari d."ce ff

fmg by the Sale of such Seizure, after deducting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the officers; and the other Whole; and the said Commissioners ftiall cause the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the to be paid into the Ex Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, in lieu of his majesty's Share thereof (excepting in those chequer.

Cases which are olherwife provided for by this Act); any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwilhftanding.

II Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after Officers to be allowed,

dedufting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale from the gross Produce of all wrought Silks, Ben two tftrd Pons

gals, and Stuffs, mixed with Silk or Herba of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or east-india, oftbevroducc upon and all Calicoes, painted, dyed, printed or stained there, which shall be seized and condemned wrought Silks, Bengals, in pursuance of a, i Aft passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of the late King mix d with Silkor William the Third, (entitled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by enc.waging cj, 1', 01

the Manufactures of this Kingdom) the said Commissioners of the Customs shall allow to the Offa oolikof^tc^edand' ficer or Officers who shall seize the same, two third Parts of such Net Produce, and cause the re condemned m pursuance maining third Part thereof to be paid into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer; and that for all of Act n, izw. 3. Wool, and any other of the Species of Goods enumerated in an Act passed in the twelfth Year of C 10, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, (entitled. An Act for taking off the Du lacto the'fxchequer ties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from Ireland to England, and for the more effectual preventing arid upon Wool, and the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of jvool, and Wool manufactured, froon Ireland to other Goods enumerated Foreign Parts, after deiiufting the Charges of Condemnation and Sale, the Remainder of the Pro Act ugeo i. C 21. duce shall be paid to the Officer who shall seize the same, in such Manner as by the said Act is astral

directed; and that for all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Snuff, which hall be burnt or destroyed an/upontobaccoand in pursuance of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Snuffs burnt, C pur gf.orge the Second (entitled, An act for the more effectual feeuring the Duties upontobacco) the suant to Act 24 Geo. z. Officer or Officers seizing the same fliai) be paid in the Manner directed by that Aft,, three C 41- 3p" anti Pence for every Pound Weight of such Tobacco and Snuff, and one Penny for every Pound Tobacco Stalks, id. Weight of Tobacco Stalks; and that for such Tea as ftiall be burnt or otherwise destroyed by Or Lr Tea der of the refpetiive Commissioners of the Customs or Excise, pursuant to the Laws now in Being, the Officers n aching the Seizure Shall be rewarded in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, such Reward not exceeding two Sniffings and sixpence for each Pound Weight; of such Tea, in lieu of all other Allowances; anything in this or any other Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

III Pioviaed also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the Produce

of any particular Seizure, sold in pursuance of this Act, shall not be sufficient to answer the fer threxpences of" " Expenses of Condemnation and Sale; or if upon the Trial of any Seizure, a Verdict shall be given Condemnation and Sale, for the Claimant, and the Ship or Goods fiiali not be condemned; in either of those Cases, it ftiall and or a Verdict be given for may be lawful for the Commissioners of his majesty's Customs, to order the Charges attending the the Claimant, seizing and prosecuting such Ship or Goods, to be paid out of any Branch of the Revenue of the out rfa^erancb of the Customs which is by Law applicable to the Payment of Incidents; anything in this or any other Revenue apphcablew Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. Incidents.

‘ IV And whereas for the more effectual Prevention of the infamous Practice of Smuggling,

‘ it may be necessary to employ several of the Ships and Vessels of War belonging to his Ma 4 jesty, his Heirs and Successors, on the Coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the other Dominions and Colonies belonging to the Crown of Great Britain; ' Therefore for the better Encouragement of all the Officers and Seamen employed in such Service to do their Duty therein; tie k!ngt0 direct by Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and'for his Ma order of Council, or jesty, his Heirs and Successors, to direst and appoint the Moiety herein before mentioned, or any Proclamation, how the other Part of all and every the Seizure and Seizures that ftiall be made by such Officers or Sea share of such Seizures as men respectively, so employed as aforesaid, to be divided amongst all such Officers and Seamen of I1'''" inde b)f Y, efels such Ship or Vessel of War, who ftiall make any such Seizure as aforesaid, in such Proportions, ‘divided amongst the of 1 • and fleets and Men.

not exceeding 2 s, 6 db per lb.

Where the Produce of

ss

Where any Foreign firandy, Arrack, Rum,, or other Spirits, not being tor the ship's Use, shall be imported, C in any Vessel of 50 Tonnes, or under, the same, together with the Vessel and Furniture, shall be forfeited;

and in like Manner, where any Spirits, Tea, Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, or Snuff, are liable to Forfeiture by Act 9 Geo. 2. C 35. or Act 24 Geo. 2. C 41,

the Vessel on Board which the same hall be found, if under 50 Tonnes, shall be forfeited, with her Apparel j and the vessels, C seized and condemned, are to be disposed of, as Vessels of 40 Tonnes or under forfeited for importing Foreign Brandy, Sec.

No Writ of Delivery to he ifiucd out of the Exchequer for any such Vessel, unless the Officer delay proceeding to Trial pnd Condemnation 3 Terms,

and Security he given in Double the Value, to return the Vessel upon Condemnation.

Clauses in Act S Anna?, .*• 7*

and 15 & 1, (5 Geo. 2.

£, 31,

Claimant, upon entering his Claim, to give Security in 60 1. to pay Cells j

, and in Default thereof, •the Goods and Vessel to £2 condemned.

G. 22. Anno tertio Georgii III A, D. 1762.

and in such Manner as his Majesty, his Heirs and Sueeeffors, shall think fit to order and direct, by any Order or Orders of Council, or by any Proclamation or Proclamations to be made or issued, from time to time, for that Purpofej and such Moiety, or 'other Part of the said Seizure or. Seizures, shall be so paid and divided to and amongst ali the Officers and Seamen of such Ship or Vessel of War accordingly.

£ V And whereas the Laws already rhade to prevent the elandeftine importing and landing of £ Foreign Brandy, Rum, Strong Waters or other Spirits, 'Pea, Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and £ Snuff, in small vessels, which hover upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, have been found infus ‘ ficicnt for that Purpose;; ' it further cnadded by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and and sixty three, if any Foreign Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any Port, Harboifr, Haven or Creek thereof, in any Ship, Vessel or Boat, of the Burden of fifty Tonnes, or under (except only for the Use of the Seamen then belonging to and on Board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, not exceeding two Gallons for eveiy such Seaman; every such Ship, Vessel or Boat, with all her Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, and also all such Brandy, Attack, Rum, Strong Waters or Spirits, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited and lost; and where any Brandy, Arrack, Rum, Strong Waters or other Spirits, or any Tea, Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Stems stripped from the Leaf, or Snuff, is or are liable to Forfeiture, by virtue of an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Add for indemnifying Persons who have been guilty of Offences agaiujl the Laws made for securing the Revenue of Cujioms and Excije, and for enforcing those Laws for the future; and by another Act made ire the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign oi his said late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco; or ei.her of them, for being found on Board any fuel) Shi]) or Vessel at Anchor, or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or within two Leagues of the Shore, as is particularly expressed in those Adds : It is hereby further enadded, That in every such Case the Ship or Vessel on Board of which such Goods shall be so found, with all her Tackle Furniture and Appareh final 1 also be forfeited and lost, provided such Ship or veil'd doth not exceed the Burden of fifty Tonnes.

VI And it is hereby further enadded by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Vessel forfeited by this Add, shall be seized and prosecuted, and alter Condemnation be burnt, destroyed, or used in his majesty's Service by the Officers of the Customs or Excise, and the Tackle, Furniture and Apparel, disposed of and divided, and the Tonnage, ascertained in the same Manner as is di redded by the Laws now in Force, with respect to Veitels of forty Tonnes or under forfeited for importing Foreign Brandy or other Spirits.

VII And it is also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Writ of Delivery Thai] be granted out of the Court of Exchequer, for any Ship, Vessel or Boat, that is liable to be burnt, destroyed, or used in his majesty's Service by virtue of this Add, or any other Acd relating to the Customs or Excise' ' the Officer seizing the same shall delay proceeding to the Trial and Condemnation thereof for the Space of three Terms; and in that Case, not without good Security being given in double the appraised Value of such Ship, Vessel or Boat, to re turn the same upon Condemnation, in order to be burnt, destroyed, or used in his majesty's Service according to Law,

‘ VIII And whereas by an Acd passed in the eighth Year of th, e Reign of her late Majesty Queen ‘ Anne, for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities; and by another Add passed in the fifteenth and fixteent'n Years of the Reign of his late Ma * jelly King George the Second, for further regulating the Plantation Trade, and several other ‘ Purposes;; is amongst other Things enadded, That every Person, upon Entry of any Claim in ‘ the Court where any prohibited or uneuftomed Goods, or any Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall be pro ‘ feev.ted, shall be obliged to give Security, in the Penalty of thirty Pounds, to answer and pay the £ Colls occasioned by such Claim; and in Default of giving such Security within the Time limited £ by the Course of that Court for entering such Claim, such Goods, Ships, Veftcls or Boats shall £ recovered : And whereas many Persons have, from the Smallness of the Penalty, been induced £ to enter groundless Claims in fidlitious Names, with a View to put the Officers of the Revenue £ to vexatious Trouble and Delay, as well as to deter them from prosecuting Seizures legally made,

£ by putting them to an extraordinary Expense, often Times more than the Value of the Goods £ seized which tends very much to the Prejudice of rhe public Revenue, and to the Discouragement of the Officers thereof in the Execution of their Duty To remedy therefore this Inconve7 nience for tyre future, Be it enadded by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, every Person, upon Entry of any Claim in the Court where any Goods, Ships, vessels or Boats, shall be profeeitted, shall be obliged to give Security, in the Penalty of sixty Pounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; and in Default of giving such Security within the Time limited by the Course of that Court for entering Claims, iuch Goods, Ships, Vessels or Boats, shall be adjudged to be forfeited, and shall be condemned; anything in the before recited Acds, or any other Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

h ' • • C IX An

A. 0.1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 22.

* IX And whereas, by certain Clauses in an Add made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late | Majesty King Gelrge the First, entitled, An Act against clandestine Running of uncuflomed Goods, and for the more effesiual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs; (which Clauses have been ‘ continued by several subsequent Adds) It was declared and enacted, That where any Ship or vessel ‘ of the Burden of fifty Tonnes, or under, laden with customable or prohibited Goods, should be ‘ found hovering on the Coasts of this Kingdom, within the Limits of any Port, and not proceeding on her Voyage for Foreign Parts, or to some other Port of this Kingdom, Wind and wea there permitting, it should and might be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of his majesty's t Customs, to go on Board every such Ship or vessel, and to take an Account of the Lading, and to demand and take Security from the Matter, or other Person having or taking the Charge or C Command of such Ship or vessel in that Voyage, by his own Bond by him to be entered into unto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, in such Sum or sums of Money as fliouid be treble the Value of such Foreign Goods then on Board, with Condition that such Ship or vessel, as soon as Wind and Weather and the State and Condition of such Ship or vessel permitted, fliouid and would proceed regularly on such Voyage, and should land such Foreign Goods in and at some ‘ Foreign Port or Ports; and if such Matter, ' or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or vessel, should, upon such Demand, refuse to enter into such Bond, or having entered into such Bond, should not depart or proceed regularly on such Voyage as soon as

‘ Wind and Weather and the State and Condition of such Ship or vessel should permit, unless

* suffered to make a longer Stay by the Colleftorj or other Principal Officer in his Ab

‘ fence, of such Port where such Ship or vessel should be, not exceeding twenty Days, then, and

in either of the said Cases, all the Foreign Goods soon Board such Ship or veltel, should and might by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, by Direction of the Collector, or other Principal ‘ Officer as aforesaid, be taken out of and from such Ship or vessel, and forthwith brought on Shore ‘ and secured;; in case the said Goods were customable, the Customs and other Duties should ‘ be paid for the same : And as concerning Wool, or any prohibitted Goods, or other Goods liable ‘ to Forfeiture, which might be found on Board such Ships or vessels at the Time of their unlading ‘ as aforesaid, the same were thereby declared to be subject to Forfeiture, and the Officers of the ‘ Customs should and might prosecute the same, as also the Ship or vessel, in case she should be ‘ liable to Condemnation, as in the Manner therein after mentioned; and that after such Goods ‘ were so taken out of such Ship or vessel, and brought on Shore and secured by such Officer or

* Officers, such Bonds foto be given as aforesaid, should be void and delivered up, without any

* See or Reward for taking or delivering up the same; and such Bond, not being otherwise dif

* charged, should, on a proper Certificate, returned under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate C in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Mer

* upon the Place, that such Goods were there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons, ‘ that such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas (the Examination and Proof ‘ thereof being left to the Judgement of the Commissioners of the Customs) should be vacated and ‘ discharged : And whereas the extending of the said Clauses to the rest of his majesty's Dominions,

* may be a Means of preventing illicit Trade Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred gnd sixty three, the said Clauses, and every Part of them, shall be extended to all Ships and veltels of the Burden of fifty Tonnes or under, which ftiall be found hovering on the Coasts of Ireland, or any other of his majesty's Dominions or Territories belonging to the Crown of Great Britain; and shall be of equal Force in every Respect, in regard to all such Ships and vessels found hovering on any of the Coasts aforesaid, as such Clauses now are, or shall be construed to be, in regard to any Ships or vessels hovering on the Coasts of this Kingdom; and all Offences which Thai 1 be committed ngainft the said Clauses, or any Part of them, on the Coasts of Ireland', shall be tried, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall be prosecuted for and recovered, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin in the said Kingdom; and all Offences which shall be committed against: the said Clauses, or any Part of them, on the Coasts of any other of his majesty's Dominions or Territories (except this Kingdom) shall be tried, and the Penalties and Forfeitures thereby incurred shall be prosecuted for and recovered, in any Court of Admiralty, in the Dominion or Territory on the Coast whereof such Offence shall be committed (which Court of Admiralty is hereby authorised, jmpowered and required to proceed to hear, and determine the same) or in any Court of Record in such Dominion or Territory, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor, according to the Course and Method used and practised there in Prosecutions for Offences against: penal Laws relating to the Customs or Excise; and such Penalties and Forfeitures so recovered there, shall be divided and applied in such and the same Manner as Penalties and Forfeitures recovered in Great Britain for the like Offences are, or in Pursuance of this Act may be, directed to be divided and applied.

57

Clauses in al 5 Geo. 1. C 11,

The recited Clauses, re fpetting customable or prohibited Goods on Board vessels of 5otons or under, found hovering on the Coast of Britain, extended to all suchlike vessels found hovering on any of the Coasts of Ireland j and the said Offences to be tried, a; d Penalties recovered, in any of the four Courts in Dublin. Offences in other -- 'ms, to be prosecuted in the Court of Admiralty, or other Court of Record of the Place;

and the Forfeitures to divided and applied as those in Great Britain

Vot. IX

I

CAP. XXIII

58

C 23*

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762.

Preamble.

A 2 Geo. 3. C 2i,

Five commissioners are verted wi h full Power to execute all Ma ters direct'd by the recited A to oe done by a greater Number, except in the Case of eliding new Commissioners $

they are impoweied to alter the Position of any of the Water Pipes 5

and to pay the Expense thereof out of the Money appropriated for the Purposes of the said Act,

But Pavements taken up for placing or amending Pipes, a^e to be repaired by the commifboncrs Paviours, at the Expense Of the Proprietors $

and the Commifiloners may compound with the said Proprietors for such Repairs,

Pavements liable to be repaired by any Pari lb, Body Politic or Corporate,

are to be repaired at their Expense, by the Commissioners Paviours j

and the Cemmiflinners may compound with such Parishes, C for the same.

CAP. xxiif.

An at to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint andrew's Holbourn which lies in the County of Middlesex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances thereinand for other Purposes therein mentioned.

HEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for paving, cleanfwg and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes within the City and Liberty of Westminster, the Parishes p/saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bfoomlbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint andrew's Holborn which lies in the County o/middlefex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas the coni missioner for putting the said Act in Execution, have made some Progress in thetrufts reposed in them, but find that the said Act is defective, with respect to some of the Powers thereby given; nor can the same be efteftually put in Execution, so as to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, unless some new Powers are granted, and the said Act, in other Respects, amended and made more effectual May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, any five or more of the Commissioners appointed to put the said former Aft in Execution, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, veiled with full Power and Authority to do, execute, perform and direst all and every the Purposes, Acts, Matters and Things by the said former Aft veiled in, or directed to be done or performed by, any greater Number or Quorum of the said Commissioners, except only for the Purpose of choosing new Commissioners in the Stead of such as fltall die or refute to aft.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, at any Time when they shall think fit, to raise, fink, or otherwise alter, the Position of any of the Leaden or other Pipes which, for the Purpose of conveying Water into any House, Area or other Place, shall be laid into or from any Pipe laid d wn or placed by any of the Companies who furnish the Inhabitants of the City or Liberty of tv.flminflcr with Water, •, Expense whereof shall, from time to time, be paid out of the Money arising by virtue, or appropriated to the Purposes, of the said Act; and shall always be done with as little Detriment and Inconvenience to the said respective Companies or Inhabitants, as the Circumstance of the Case will admit.

III Provided always. That so often as any Part of the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes, which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of the said former Aft, shall be taken up by any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of placing, altering or amending any such Pipe, the same hall, with all convenient Speed, be repaired by the Paviour or Paviours contrasting with, or employed by, the said Commissioners, at the Expense of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Leaden or other Pipes respectively.

IV Provided likewise, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any of the said Proprietor or Proprietors, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Foot or other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall think reasonable, in lieu and instead of laying down or repairing such Parts of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes, as shall be necessary to be taken up for the Purposes aforesaid.

V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Part or Parts of the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets and I anes, have been accustomed or ought to be paved and repaired by any particular Parish pr Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and not by the Owners or Occupiers of the Houses or other Buildings adjoining to the Pavements of the said Squares, Streets or Lanes, the same shall be paved and repaired at the Expense of the respective Parish or Parishes, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by the Paviour or Paviours contrasting with or employed by the said Commissioners.

VI Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree for the same, with any such Parish or Parishes, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Foot, or other Measure, as the said Commissioners, or any Eve or more of them, shall think reasonable.

VII And

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 2 3 •

59

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it ftiail and maybe lawful to They may also direst the and for the said Commiflloners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to direct and cause Courses of the Gutters the Course of any Gutter or Channel running in or through any of the said said Squares, Streets t be turned; and Lanes, to be turned or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper; and to direct and thegra, esof the

the Grates already placed, ox hereafter to be placed, over any Sewers, to be removed and replaced replace outof the in such Manner, and at such Place and Places as they shall think mod proper; all which shall, from Money appropiiac 'd'for time to time, be done at the Expense of the said Commiflloners, and paid for out of the Money theuie(, f this Aa. > arising by virtue or appropriated to the Use of this Act; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Signs, Sign irons, Pods, All Signs, sign irons Boards, Spouts or Gutters, or any Encroachment or other Annoyance whatever, already built, Ports, Spout?, Gut ers, placed or hung in any of the said Squares, Streets, or Lanes, which shall be begun to be paved or other Annoyances, by virtue of the said former Act, shall be, at the Expense of the said Commiflloners, fixed or placed may be removed, and on the Fronts of such Houses respectively whereto the same shall belong, or may, from time to time, new pi ed, by the be removed and placed in such Manner as the said Commiflloners, or any three or more of them, omml luntr'‘ ' shall think moil proper and convenient, in order to prevent the same occasioning any Obstruction

or Annoyance; and that for the future all Signs, Boards, Spouts or Gutters shall be placed or and for the future, all fixed on the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Wareboufes or Buildings, whereunto they respectively Signs, Spcuts, and g>t belong, and not otherwise: : if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter hang, place, **reth*fronetst°f*t^e''ce<1 erect or build, any Sign, Sign poll or Iron, Board, Spout, Gutter, or any other Annoyance, or Houle? they belong to; cause the same to be done, in any other Manner than as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every -*

such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner as on Penalty of 51. Penalties are by the said Act directed to be levied and recovered.

IX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any or any Such Parts of any of ?he

Part of any such Sign, Sign iron or Pofl, Board, Gutter or Spout, shall remain unused after the said Signs, cas (halt Alteration made thereto as before directed, the same shall be returned to, and be the Property of,, jan, " ufhalt".', 1l the Person to whom the same belonged before such Removal or Alteration. ed tvthe Owner's™ U

X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in making the Rates authorised cornerhouseshowtobe by the said former Adito be made, the said Commiflloners shall have regard to Lands, Houses or rateij.

other Buildings, situate or being at the Corner of any Square, Street or Lane, whereon the Rate shall be laid or affefied, or where Part of any House, Building or Ground, shall extend into, or abut upon, any other Square, Street or Lane; and that no more shall be charged in such Rate in respect to any such Land, House or other Building, than in Proportion to the Part of such Land, House or other Building, which shall be situated in the Square, Street or Lane, whereon such Rate shall be made and laid; anything in the said former Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Rates or afteftments, au The Rates to feepaij by chorizeu by the said former Adito be laid, railed and levied, shall and may be laid, raised and the Inhabitants, levied, on the respective Inhabitants of any Part or Parts of any such Square, Street or Lane, as soon as the Pavement of any such Part or Parts shall be completed, by virtue of the said former at; anything in the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commiflloners, or any Commiflloners may or three or more of them, shall have full Power and'authority, from time to time, to cause all 0r cler tile Stieet3 to be any Part of such Squares, Streets and Lanes, to be well watered as often as there shall be Occa watl: re '

fion, and to be done in such Manner as the said Commiflloners, or any three or more of them, shall direct; and to defray the Expenses arising thereby, out of the Money to be raised by virtue, or appropriated for the Purposes, of the said former Act.

XIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Commiflloners, or any anil ljle Names of the

three or more of them, may order and direct to be engraved, painted or otherwise described, -

Stone or Wood, to be affixed on a conspicuous Part of some House or other Building, at the End or Corner of each Square, Street or Lane, the Names by which such respective Square, Street or Lane, is usually or properly called or known; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously destroy, pull down, injure, obliterate or deface, any such Name nr Description, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, and shall be convicted thereof, hy his, or her own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witncffes, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City and Liberty of tvejhn 'mjler■, which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and arc hereby empowered to administer, every such Person so offending, shall, fi of rtefacmi or

Streets andsquares to be affixed on the Corner

every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; to be levied, recovered and ap

destroyingthe lame, 40 s0

plied, as the Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said former Act directed to be levied, recovered and applied.

XIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Per No Tndofure maybe soil or Persons to erect or setup, or cause to be erected or setup, in any of the said Squares, "ad fr Streets, or Lancs, which shall be completed by virtue of the said former Act, any Enclosure, Ports, Miring, °wuhou'i Leave. Bars or Rails, or other Matters or Things for the Purpose of making Mortar, and depositing Bricks,

Lime or other Materials for building or repairing any Houses, Buildings or other Works; every such Person and Persons, first obtaining Leave under the Hand of the Surveyor, for the Time being,

I 2 to

6o

Clause in Act 2.9 Gto.

2.. C 25. concerning frcfentmej?ts hythe Annoyance Jury, repealed.

Surveyor, Sec. to the, Commissioners to view and present all defective Pavements 5

and if the same are not repaired .within 14 Days after Notice sent tor the Purpose,

the Commissioners may order the same to be done, and be reimbmfed the Charges by the Parties;

and if the Parties refuse or neglect to pay the same, any Justice may hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way,

an levy the Charges by l)i(trer5 and Sale.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue,

C 23. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

to the said Commissioners, for those Purposes respectively;; if any Person or Persons shall erect or setup, or cause to be created or setup, any I'uch Enclosures, Posts, Bars or Rails, or any oth T Matter or Thing, for the Purposes aforesaid, without Leave ftrft had and obtained, every such Person shall be liable to the same Forfeiture, as he or she are now liable to, under the fa id former Act, for doing thereof without the Consent of the Paid Commissioners, or.any three or more of them; anything in the said former Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

1 XV And whereas by an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty ‘ King George the Second, entitled, An Act for appointing a fuss dent Number of Conf ablet for 4 the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster;; to compel proper Persons to take upon them the 4 Office of Jurymen, to prevent Nufiances and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty; It is 4 ehadted, That the Jury of Annoyance shall, as often as directed by the Court Leet for the said 4 City and Liberty, strictly inquire into and present to the said Court, all defective or bad Pavc 4 mems, and all Annoyances in obftrudting of, or Incroachments upon, any of the public Ways ‘ or Pall ages, within the City or Liberty of ivefiminfier, which arc to be prevented or removed, as 4 in the said Act is described : Anil whereas it is apprehended, that the Pavements within the said ‘ City and Liberty may be better taken Care of and provided for, under the Powers of the said Act ‘ made in the 1 alt Srffion of Parliament, and of this adtbe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That so much of the said Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty, as relates to the Pavements within the said City and Liberty, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XVI And be it further enacted hv the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by them for that Purpose, shall, as often as he shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, view the Condition of the said Squares, Streets and Lanes, and present on Oath to the said Commissioners (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer) ail defective or bad Pavements; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall thereupon send Notice in Writing to the House or Houses, or other Buildings to which such defective or bad Pavements shall belong; and if such Pavements are not sufficiently amended within fourteen Days after such Notice given, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall forthwith cause the same to be repaired, and they shall be reimbursed what Charges and Expenses they fnall be at in so doing, by the Parties who Should or ought to have done the same; and in case the said Parties shall, upon Demand, refuse or neglect to pay the said Charges, the said com missioner, or any three or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, shall make Complaint thereof to any one Juliice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting shall be and reside;; such Justice may, and is hereby authorised and required, by a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Party or Parties to be brought before him, and upon the Party or Parties appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the. Matter in a summary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that such Charges have been incurred by the said Commissioners, and not repaid or satisfied by the Party or Parties as aforesaid, then such Justice may, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties of such Party or Parties, returning the Overplus, after all Charges paid, to the Owner or Owners thereof, upon Demand.

XVII And be it further ■ enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act, until twenty-one Days Notice ftiall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk ortreafurer to the said conimif ftoners, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid and tried, in the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done; or if it ftiall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before twenty-one Days Notice given thereof as aforesaid;; that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid;; if any Inch Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid;; the Jury or Juries fnall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein : And if a Verdict or Verdidts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions;; if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers in such Action or Actions, Judgment'shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant

A. D. 1762. Anno tertio Georgii III C 24. 61

or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have furl Remedy for recovering the same, as Treble Coflj.

as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her or their Costs, in any other Cases by Law.

CAP. XXIV

An Act to prevent fraudulent and occasional Votes in the Elections of Knights of the Shire, and of Members for Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, so far as relates to the Right of Voting by virtue of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

WHEREAS Annuities or Rent Charges granted for a Life or Lives, or a greater Estate, preamble.

‘ 'W bluing out of Freehold Lands or Tenement?, are of a private Nature, and therefore Forformer Laws rdatir.y

‘ liable to fraudulent Practises in the Elections of Knights of Shires, to the Prejudice of the Candi bento, refer to 7 H. 4, "

‘ dates, and of those who have just Right to vote at such Elections : And whereas the Right of*• 11 H C *■

‘ of Members to serve in Parliament for several ‘cities and Towns which are Counties of * ' 5 C 2 6‘

‘ themselves, in that Part of Great Britain called England, is vested Partly, or in the Whole, in 23 it. 6. C 34], //<

‘ Freeholders in respect of Freeholds of the yearly Value of forty Shillings, lying within such M. ft 1. cy. 5 6f

‘ Cities and Towns : And whereas Annuities and Rent Charges for a Life or Lives, or a greater 6 & M. C 7 ©20,

‘ Estate, iftuing out of such Freehold Lands or Tenements, are liable to the like fraudulent Prac jfj'' ^ c‘ ^ 8 ‘ tices For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the king's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with \

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par sir izifi. 3' liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Augiift & 13 W one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Person shall vote for electing any Knight or Knights 6 A, n• 1 of a Shire, Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or Burgesses, of any such City or Town for that Part Great Britain called England, for or in respect of any Annuity or Rent Charge iftuing out of Free)) %

hold Lands or Tenements, and granted before the first: Day of June one thousand seven hundred 2. C 24. S Geo, 2. and sixty three, unless a Certificate, upon Oath, shall have been entered twelve Calendar Months, o. 30. § Geo. 2. C 38. at least, before the first Day of such Election, with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, p Ge -■ C 2° ‘5 or Division, or with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other public Officer, having the ^ Gu

Custody of the Records within such City or Town where such Lands or Tenements do lie, as fol fl, g.13', C 2!°*. v4. lows (that is to say) 33 Geo. z. C 20. 3"

Geo. 3. C 15.

No Person may vote in eie&ions of Knights of the Shire, or of Members for Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, in Right of any Annuity or Rent Charge granted before I June 1763, unless a Ceitifkate be entered with the Clerk of the Peace, or other proper Officer, 12 Months before any such election begins 5

10 1 r

C 2. 12

. 3. C 10.

■ 7 & *3

5. 10 Ann.

I A. B. of am really and bona side seized of an Annuity or Rent Charge,

for my own Use and Benefit, of the dear yearly Value of forty Shillings, above all Rents and Charges payable out of the same, wholly iftuing out of Freehold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to C D. of situate, lying and being in the Parish, Township

or Place, or in the Pai ifltes, Townships or Places of E. in the County of without any Trust, Agreement, Matter or Thing to the conttary notwithstanding;; I, or the Person or Persons under whom I claim, was or were seized of the Laid Annuity or Rent Charge before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall vote for the elec an‘3 in like Manner ting any Knight or Knights of a Shire, or for a Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or Burgesses, of any q^ahfieca^ons°asuflia]l such City or Town, for that Part of Great Britain called England', in respect of any Annuity or by3defcent, Mar rent Charge issuing out of Freehold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall come to such riage, Devise, Hreicntu, Person by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, Devise, or Presentation to a Benefice in a tion, or Promotion 5 Church, or Promotion to an Office, wthin twelve Calendar Months next before such Election respectively, unless a Certificate upon Oath, or Affirmation if a Quaker, shall have been entered with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, before the first Day of such Election, as follows; That is to say,

1a. B of am really and bona side seized of an Annuity or Rent Charge,

to my own Use and Benefit, of the clear yearly Value of forty Shillings a Year above all Rents ‘ and Charges payable out of the same, wholly iftuing out of Freehold Lands, Tenements, or He ‘ reditaments, belonging to C D. of situate, lying and being in the Parish,

‘ Townfbip or place, or in the Parishes, Townships or Places of in the County

* of without any Trust, Agreement, Matter or Thing to the contrary not

‘ withstanding; and I became seized of the said Annuity or Rent Charge, on the ‘ Day of last past, by Descent or otherwise (as the Case may happen.)

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day Nor may any Person vote

A /•» • J - J - r... r J sn o rw/ ref.

on of a Knight

of August one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Person shall vote at ay Election of^a

62

C 24.

Anno tertio Georgii III

A. D. 1762..

1763, unless a Memorial of the grai\t duly attested, be registered as afore £ajd.

Such Grant to be proin

respect of any Annui knight or Knights of the Shire, or of any Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or burgeftes, of any such ty orrent Charge grant City or Town, within that Part of Great Britain called England, for or in respect of any Annuity CD after the raid i June or Kent Charge to he granted after the said sir ft Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, unless a Memorial of the Grant of such Annuity br Rent Charge shall have been registered with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding of Division, or with the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other public Officer, having the Custody of the Records, within such City or Town where the Lands or Tenements out of which such Annuity or Rent Charge issues shall lie, twelve Calendar Months at lead before the first Day of such Election; which Memorial shall be wrote on Parchment, and directed to such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other public Officer, and shall be under the Hand and Seal of the Grantor or Grantors, and attested by two Witnesses, one whereof to be one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Grant 5 which Witness shall upon Oath before such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, or their Deputies, prove the sealing and delivering of such Grant, and the signing and sealing of such Memorial; and which Memorial shall contain the Day and Year of the Date, and the Names, Additions, and Abodes, of the Parties and Witnesses, and all the Lands and Tenements out of which the Annuity or Rent Charge issues, and the Parish, Township or' doced1 at the Time of replace, or the Parishes, Townships and Places, where such Lands and Tenements lie; and that giihnng, and the Day every such Grant, of which such Memorial is foto be registered, shall, at the Time of enter memnrhvtobe'ndorfed 'n? Memorial, be produced to such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as tiieicon tithe pioptr aforesaid, or their Deputies, who fftall thereon endorse a Certificate, in which shall be men odicer. tioned the Day and Year on which such Memorial shall be so entered.

Nor may any one vote in IV And Lie it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first

Right of any Alignment Day of Augnjl^ one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Person shall vote at any elec ot any Annuity or Rent tonne of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, or of any Citizen or Citizens, Burgess or burgeftes j "gr®e ma C e ore of any such City or Town, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by reason of an afltgn ment of any Annuity or Rent Charge, or any Part or Parts thereof, made before the said first unless a Certificate of the Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, unless a Certificate of such assign original Annuity be en ment upon Oath, to the Purport herein before mentioned, with respect to an original Annuity tered as aforesaid; or Rent Charge, shall have been entered with such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other andl if the Alignment be Officer ns aforesaid, twelve Calendar Months at least before the first Day of such election;; tune6'then'a Memorial t'lat no p?rf°n shall vote at any Rich Election as aforesaid, by reason of an Alignment of any thereof, and of the Annuity or rent Charge, or any Part or Parts thereof, made after the first Day oi June one

Grant, to be attested and thoufatid seven hundred and sixty three, unless a Memorial of such Assignment, and nlfo a regifteied rs is directed in Memorial of the Grant of such Annuity or Rent Charge of which such Assignment shall be made, shall have been attested and registered twelve Calendar Months at least before the first Day of such Election, in the same Manner as is herein before directed with respect to the Memorial of an original Grant of an Annuity or Rent Charge.

V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding or Division, and the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as afore

[fmcriai/^' cates an hud, every "Jch City or Town, shall keep a Book or Books for the entering of every such Certificate and Memorial, and shall be allowed for the Entry of every such Certificate the Sura of one Shilling, and of every such Memorial two Shillings, arid no more; and for every Search for any Certificate or Memorial one Shilling, and no more; and that any Person or Persons may., at all fealonable Times, resort to and infped the Certificates, Memorials, and Books of Entries thereof: And such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, or their Deputies, is hereby directed and required forthwith to give a Copy of any Certificate or Memorial to any Person or Persons who shall desire the same, paying for such Copy, if it contains not more than two hundred Words, the Sum of sixpence; and foin Proportion for any greater Number of Words : And such Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, or their Deputies, is hereby empowered to administer an Oath in all Cases where an Oath is required by this Act; and true Copies of the aforesaid Certificate and Memorials attested by such respective Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, or their Deputies, shall at all Times be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence II all Cases whatsoever.

VI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That a Memorial of

such Grant or Assignment as shall he made and executed in any Piace not within forty Miles of the

executed above 40 Miles Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the respective County, Riding or Division, or of the Town

of°thvpe3?c°^o be ^ p'er^' or other Officer as aforesaid, shall be entered and registered by such Clerk of the Peace,

registered upnn pi, during Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, or their Deputies, in case an Affidavit sworn, or

an Affidavit made by one Affirmation of a Speaker, before one of the Judges at Wejhninjhr, or a Mailer in Chancery or of the Witneifes before dinary or Extraordinary, be brought with the said Memorial to the said Clerk of the Peace, °n.ef'fth?i"dsest, „ Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, wherein One of the Witnesses to the Execution of r ur a a er such Grant or Assignment shall swear that lie or file saw the same executed; and the same shall be a sufficient Authority to the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer, or their Deputies, to give the Party that brings such Memorial a Certificate of the Registering such Memorial; which Certificate, signed by the said Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, or their Deputies, shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of the Registry of J the

Cases of Original Grants,

Books to be kept by the proper Officers for enter in

Memorials.

Fees for Entry, and Search,

and for Copies,

Officer may administer an Oath in Cases aforesaid.

Copies at'efted by the proper Officer, deemed legal Evidence. Memorials of Grants or Alignments made and

jn Chancery.

63

Anno tertio Georgii III

C 25*

the same Memorial in all Courts of Record whatsoever; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Peace of Officer or Deputy to at. every County, Riding or Division, and the Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer ‘etnd.> up°n

as aforesaid, of every such City or Town, or their Deputies, shall, upon re a son able Notice, at ^ntth^lloks of Extend at any such Election with the Book or Books of Entries of every such Certificate and Me tries at ar)y ^ morial, at the Request of any Candidate or Candidates; he or they making him reasonable Satis tien. faction for such Attendance.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clerk of the Peace, Officer guilty of any Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, hall be guilty of any wilful Neglect, Misdemeanour, or Neglect or Mifdemciwr, fraudulent Practice, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the or, ell 105

Peace, Town Clerk, or other Officer as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit one hundred Pounds to the Person who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Efioin, Protection, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IX Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority afore Limitation of profecu said, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty hy this Act laid or impofetl, nuns.

unless Prosecution be commenced within twelve Months after such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred.

CAP. XXV

An act to continue and amend two Acts made in the the twenty first: and twenty-eighth Years of his late majesty's Reign, for encouraging the making of Indico in the Britisho Plantations in America and for extending the Provisions of an Act: of the thirtieth Year of his late majesty's Reign, with respect to bringing Prize Goods into this Kingdom, to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain.

WHEREAS the Law for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations Preamble, ‘ VV in America has been found to be very useful and beneficial to the Public, and is so ‘ near expiring, that it is fit it should be continued Be it therefore enacted by the king's mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force for seven Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Aft of the twenty-eighth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, is further continued, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty six until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby, further continued, from the Expiration thereof until the twent' -- fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Time limited by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, no more than fourpence on the Pound Weight shall be paid and allowed as a Bounty on Indico imported from his majesty's Colonies, under the Regulations and Restrictions mentioned in the said Act of the twenty first Year of the Reign of King George the Second; and that no Part of the said Bounty of fourpence on the Pound Weight shall be repaid upon the Exportation of such Indico.

The Act of 21 Geo, 2. C 30. relating 10 briti/h Plantation made Indico, which was continued by

an Act of 28 Geo. 2, C 25.

is further continued to 25 March j770, C

III Provided also, and be it enacted, That in Case any Doubt or Dispute shall arise between the Surveyors or Officers of the Customs, and the Owners or Importers of Indico imported into any of the Out Ports of Great Britain, as to the Quality of the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector of his majesty's Customs in any such Out Port, to call two or more Dyers, Dry Salters, Brokers or others, well (killed in that Commodity, who shall declare upon Oath, if required, their Opinion as to the Quality of the same, and, according to the bell of their Judgement, determine whether the said Indico is or is not entitled to the Premium granted by the above recited Aft.

IV Provided nevertheless, That if a competent Number of Persons well (killed in that Commodity, to be approved of by the Collector of the Customs in any Out Port where Indico is imported, cannot be found in such Out Port, then, and in such Case only, where any Doubt

or

After Expiration of the Term limited by the Act of 28 Geo. 2. a Bounty only of 4*]. per lb, to be allowed on all such Indico imported under the Regulations of the Act of 2j Geo. 2.

No Parc of the Eounty to be repaid on Exportation; Doubts, with respect to the Quality of the Indico claiming the Bounty, in any of the Out Poits, to be determined by two Persons killed in the Commodity 5

but if a competent Number of such Persons cannot be found there.

64 C 25. Anno tertio Georgii III A. D. 1762.

Samples of the Indico or Dispute hall arise as aforesaid. Samples of such Indico, if imported into any Out Port in are to be Tent to the England, shall! be taken and lent to the Commissioners of the Customs at London, and if imported

Commifltoners of the into any Out Port in Scotland, to the commiitioners of the Customs at Edinburgh j in such Man

cu"om! ner as the respective commiitioners hall direct, in order ■ to be infpedted and adjudged by

such Persons, and in such Manner, as are prescribed by Law; for Indico imported into the Port of London.

Provisions in Aft 30 V And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Provisions of an Act passed iri Reimportation of'prizo the thirtieth Year of his late majesty's Reign entitled, An Att for the Relief and Encourage

Goods, ment J the Captors oj razes, with rejpett to the banging and landing Prize Goods tn this King

extended to Spanith dom, be extended to Spanish Prize Goods taken since the late Declaration of War with Spain, Prize Goods,

Anno

C 1 *

6s

Anno Regni

G E O R G 11 III Regis Magnae Britannia?, Francis, & Hibernise, quarto.

: AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the nineteenth Day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, in the first Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and C Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, (Ac. and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the ‘ fifteenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, being the third Sefllon of the * twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

Preamble.

Malt A of r Geo. 3. C 3. further continued to 24 June 1765.

2 Geo. 3. C 4.

3 Geo. 3. e.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

* XT E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament e. VV assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray your majesty's public Expenses, have ‘ freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties and Impositions ‘ herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; ' and Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aitembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That within and throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the several and refpeitive Rates, Duties and Impositions, for and upon ail Malt, Muni, Cyder and Perry, which in and by one at of Parliament pailed in the first Year of his majesty's Reign, entitled.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and iixty two; and which by one other Act made and pailed in the second Year of his majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and which by one other Act made and pailed in the third Year of his majesty's Reign, were granted or continued to his Majesty, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; Shall be further continued in like manner, and shall' be and are by this AT charged for and upon all Malt which Shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made and imported, and all Cyder and Perry which Shall he made for Sale, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within and throughout that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, for and upon ail Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, the several and refpetive Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned; that is to say,

, I. s

For and upon every Bushel of Malt, which at any Time or Times, from and after the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and before the twenty-fourth Day of june one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, ftiall be made of Barley, or. any other Corn cr Gain, in that Fart of Great Britain called Scotland, by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same shall be or not be for Sale) the Sum, of threepence; and so proportionally for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

.For every Barrel of Mum, which at anytime or Times, from and after the said twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall be made or imported within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Sum of ten Shillings, over and above all Duties payable for the same.

For all Cyder and Perry, which at any Time or Times, from and after the said twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, shall be made for Sale within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland (over and above ail other Duties payable for Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail) the Sum of four Shillings for every Hogshead; and foin proportion for a greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the respective full Buyers or Retailers thereof.

Which said several and respective Duties, by this Act granted and continued respectively, ftiall be raised, 'How these du ievied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, during the Time ana Term afore ties are to bo said, by the same Ways, Means and Methods, and by such Rules and Diiedtions, and with such and the like Allowances and Repayments proportionahiy, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers, in all respects, not otherwise directed by this Act, as are pre vol. IX K feribed.

Malt in Scotland to pay d. per Bushel.

Mum 10 s, per Barrel.

Cyder and Perry made for Salehs, per Hogrhe'a'd.

T.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

20, 000]. to be Ktifeci in sect land.

Septus to be added to the Pifteriesj C

This at to relate to the same Daynnd Time as the A ft L Geo. 3. did.

Malt brought from Scotland by Sea, to be entered 3: the Port of landing : •

C

feribed, mentioned or expressed in the said former Aft, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the Duties by them, or any of them, granted or continued'; and that the same Aft formerly made and passed, and the said other Acts hereby referred unto, as for and concerning the said Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, and every Article, Rule, Clause, Matter and Thing in them, and every or any of them contained, or thereby referred unto, and now being in force, and not otherwise altered by this Act, fhn.ll be and continue in full force and Effect, to all Intents andpur poses, for raising, levying, collecting, securing and accounting for the Rates, Duties and Impositions hereby' granted and continued respectively, and for levying and recovering the Penalties and Forfeitures, and' making any Mitigations and proportional Allowances, and all other Matters and Things during the Con" tinuancc of this Act, as fully as if the same were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Aft.

C III And whereas it is the true Intent and Meaning of this present Aft, That the full and entire Sum * of twenty thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Charges and Expenses of ‘ Management and Collection, shall! be raised out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Ser ‘ vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, by the said Duties upon Mum, Cyder and ‘ Perry, to be charged there, as aforesaid, and by a Malt Tax to be raised and levied as in England, by a ‘ Duty of threepence per Bushel on all Malt made and con fumed in Scotland; and in case the said Duties ‘ upon Mum, Cyder and Perry, and the said Duty of threepence per Bushel upon Malt, to be charged in ‘ Scotland, by virtue of this Act, being duly surveyed and collected, shall not be sufficient effectually to ‘ raise and answer the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds in net Money, after all Charges and De,

‘ duciions whatsoever, that such Deficiency shall be made goodbye a Surcharge to be made upon all Makers 1 of Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in proportion to the Malt they shall respectively 1 make between the twenty-third Day of ‘june one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and the,.

‘ twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty fivebe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in case it shall appear to the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the said Duties upon Mum, Cyder and Perry, and upon Malt made in Scotland, by this Act granted as aforesaid, shall not be fufheient to answer the clear Sum of twenty thousand Pounds as aforesaid;; and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners of Excise, and the Officers under them, to make a proportional Surcharge upon all and every the Person and Persons who shall have made any Malt in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Year ending the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or so much Money, hy way of additional Duty upon all the Malt made by such Person or Persons respectively, as shall make good such Person or Persons proportional Part of such Deficiency; which said Surcharges Shall be paid to the respective Collectors of the said Duties on Malt, by the respective Persons on whom the same shall be so made, within one Month after the same shall be so surcharged; or in default thereof, the respective Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment, shall forfeit treble the Sum upon him, her or them respectively surcharged as aforesaid; to be recovered in such manner as the Duty of three pence/^r Bushel may be recovered by virtue of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament herein before recited or referred unto; which said Surcharge by way of additional Duty, for making good the Deficiency of the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds (if any such Deficiency there Shall be) shall be computed and settled as followeth; that is to say, As the particular Quantity of Malt made by each such Mainer or Maker of Malt in Scotland within the said Year, ending the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred aud sixty five, shall bear proportion to the whole Quantity of Malt made in Scotland within the same Year,, so the particular Surcharge to be made upon such particular Malfter or Maker of Malt, for or towards making good the said Deficiency, shall bear proportion to the whole Sum which shall be found to be so deficient as aforesaid.

IV Provided nevertheless, and be it declared by the Authority aforesaid. That if the said Rate of threepence per Bushel shall produce a greater Sum than the said Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, clear of all Charges of Management, the Surplufage so produced over and above the said clear Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, shall! he wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting thefifheries, and such other ma nufaftures and Improvements in Scotland, as may mod conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever;; such manner as directed by an Act passed in. the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, An At for encouraging and promoting Fif eries, and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

V And it is hereby declared and enacted, That in all Cases where the herein before recited Aft of the. first Year of his present majesty's Reign, did relate to any Day or Time within the Year, which commenced from the twenty-third Day of 'June one thousand seven hundred and sixty one, this present Aft doth and fnall relate to the like Day and Time within the Year, commenced from the said twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

VI And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland, not to. be consumed there, which at any Time or Times between the twenty-third Day of June one thousand. seven hundred and sixty four, and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand leven hundred and sixty. five, shall be brought into England, Hales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, in case the same be brought by Sea,, see entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where the same shall be so. brought into England, tvales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid;; the Sum of sixpence per Bushel for the Duties thereof, shall be paid to such Officer before landing thereof, unless a Certificate from ',

• ths

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C i 67

the proper Officer be produced, that it hath paid the said Duty of threepence per Bufhc! in Scotland, and if such Certificate be produced, then there shall be paid no more than threepence /rrbufhcl, by virtue of this Add, for such Malt so brought into England; and in case the same shall be brought by Laud, such Malt eroughtbylan.?, shall pass and be carried by and through the Towns of Berwick or Carlijle, and there entered with the Of t0 be entered at fleer for the said Duties in such of the said Towns, by or through which such Malt shall be so carried; and or ar

the like Duty of sixpence per Bufhcl for the same shall be paid down in ready Money, unless such Certificate be produced as aforesaid;; upon producing thereof, then there shall be paid no more than threepence per Bushel, by virtue of this Add, on pain of forfeiting all such Malt, or the Value thereof, as sir a 11 be landed or put on thore, or brought into England without such Entry or Payment of Duties as aforesaid: :

in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found coming out of Scotland, or be brought from thence by Land, by or beyond the Towns before mentioned, without Entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, then all such Malt, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise, for his majesty's Use; one Moiety of the aforesaid Forfeiture to be and go to the king's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person orperfons as shall inform, seize or fine for the same, or the Value thereof; and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means and Methods as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this or any the former Adds, relating to the Malt Duties, to be recovered and levied; or by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein noeffoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed,

VII Provided always. That nothing in this at contained shall extend to charge with the said four Shil er dialings per Hogshead by this Act laid on Cyder and Perry, any Cyder or Perry sold to any Distiller or Maker not ch'*rsc* of Strong Waters, for such Cyder or Perry as shall be used for Distilling only; anything in this Act, or 3 c‘

any former at, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day Distiller to give of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, all and every Distiller or Distillers that shall receive Notice to Officer any Quantity of Cyder or Perry into his, her or their Cuilody, shall give Notice in Writing to the proper "'h'n he Officer, under whose Survey any such Distiller shall reside, forty-eight Hours before he, she or they shall cr‘

begin to put any Quantity whatsoever of the same into any Still or Stills to be drawn into Low Wines or Spirits; and if any such Distiller or Distillers shall neglect or omit to give such Notice, or if it shall appear that any Quantity whatsoever of such Cyder or Perry hath been disposed of, or made use of, by any iuch Distiller or Distillers, in any other Way, but in Distillation only, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds; which said Sum of five Pounds shall be sued for, levied, recovered and mitigated by such Ways and Means, as any Penalty or Fine for any Offence committed by any Person or Persons agaiuft any of the Laws of Excise can or may be sued for, levied, recovered and mitigated, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at west minjler; and that one Moiety thereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi'ors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will prosecute, inform or sue for the same.

IX And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Allowances for Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, there shall be allowed to Malfters and Makers of Exportation o Malt for Exportation, for every twenty Quarters of Barley, or other Corn or Grain that shall be entered r, ‘J rand

made into Malt for Exportation, in Cases where by Law any Bounty rs allowed on the Exportation of

Malt, an Allowance of thirty Quarters, after the same shall be dried and made into Malt, and no more,

upon the Exportation thereof, though by their steeping, wetting or watering the same, the said twenty

Quarters shall be run out to any greater Quantity exceeding the said thirty Quarters, according to an Act

of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King jvuliam and Queen Mary, iw. MRI,

entitled, An Act far encouraging the Exportation'of Corn; and in such Cases where, by the aforesaid Act

of Parliament, they are entitled to the same; and foin proportion for a greater or less Quantity.

X And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the said twenty-fourth On Certificate of Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any Person or Persons who shall export any Malt kins '"' Malt into foreign Parts, shall produce a Certificate or Certificates from the Officer or Officers, with whom ruv^^iow^ji^" the Entry of the Corn or Grain intended to have been made into Malt shall have been made, of the parti t0 be paid. cular Sum or Sums of Money that such Person or Persons is or are entitled to receive, according to the

aforesaid Allowance of thirty Quarters of Malt for every twenty Quarters ofcorn or Grain, and foin proportion for a greater or less Quantity, that shall have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation (which Certificates the said Officers are hereby upon Demand required to give gratis); and upon such Person or Persons giving sufficient Security before the shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantity of Malt which shall be intended to be exported as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded, or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain (which Security thecustomer or Collector of the Port where the same is intended to be exported, is hereby directed and authorised to take in his majesty's Name, and to his majesty's Use) then the Colledtor or Chief Officer of the Port where such Malt shall be exported, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Certificate or Debenture directed to the proper Person or Pei fens by whom the said Allowance by the aforesaid Act of Parliament is directed to be paid; which Certificate or Debenture being produced to such Person orperfons, he is hereby required to pay such Allowance to the Persons, or their Agents, so exporting the same.

XI Provided always, That if after the shipping of any such Malt to be exported, and the giving such Penalty on re. Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the aforesaid Allowance, the Malt so shipped to be exported, or landing, any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain; that then, and in every such Case, over

and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's Use, all the Malt

K 2 ' which

63

C r.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

Mil Hers to g I vs Notice to of cers,

Penalty on opening the Locks, C

which fhull be relandcd, and treble the Value thereof, shall be Forfeited; that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall l'eizc, inform or sue for the - • same.

XII And whereas Mai fie rs, and Makers of Malt for Exportation, do frequently mix the Produce of ‘ two or more Stecpings of Corn or Grain, that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation,

‘ on or as loon as it comes off from the Kiln, by reason whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt can ‘ not ascertain the real Produce thereof; by which means great Quantities of each Steeping of such Malt ‘ are or may be privately conveyed away, and made use of for Home Consumption, though the same has ‘ not been charged with the Duty, as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to bebe it enabled Malt sleeping for p, y the Authority aforesaid, 'Chat from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven kcpti'epsmtetiu5 hundred and sixty four, ali and every Malfter or Malfters, makcr^or Makers of Malt for Exportation, hall nuiifurcd/ keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, • of one Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall he on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been measured by such Malfters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt, on pain of forfeiting and lofmg the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day o June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, all such Malfters, or Makers of ?vlalt for Exportation, 'shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or ftiall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, she or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the measuring of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the same ftiall he immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported; or else shall be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehouse, or other Place, belonging to such Malfters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers, on pain of iforfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIV And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty feurth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any such Malfter or Malfters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity or Direblions, after any Steeping or Making of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or other Place or Places, in manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make anyway or Kind of Entrance into such Storehouse, or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehouse or Place, or any other Place or Places whatsoever, next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of she said Storehouse, or other Place, any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Consent of, or without first having given Notice to, some Officer or Officers for the said Duties, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

‘ XV And, the better to enable the Officers for the Duties upon Malt, to discover whether all such Malt C made for Exportation, and that has been locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or other Place or ‘ Places, to be exported, has been really exported Be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and. every such Malfter or Malfters, Maker or Makers of Malt, that on the said twenty-fourth Day of June clear outs their onc t^10u^alki seven hundred and sixty four shall. have any Quantity of Malt locked up and secured in any w.trehouses all Storehouse, or any other Place or Places, as is before directed, to be exported, shall, within fifteen Mouths Malt within fif next after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, remove and clear

teen months. out of his Storehouse, or other Place or Places, all and every Part and Parcel thereof, that at any Time

after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four shall be locked up and secured in such Storehouse, or other Place, in order to be exported; and shall always, from Time to L ime, in every fifteen Months, remove and clear out of such Storehouse, or other Place or Places, in order to be exported, all and every Part and Parcel of Malt, that at any Time within every fifteen Months after the last Clearing, shall be locked up and secured in any Storehouse, or in any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, on pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pounds.

. XVI And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, that shall become Malfters, or Makers of Malt for Exportation, and shall make use of any Storehouse or store huufes, Place or Places, for the keeping of Malt for Exportation, shall, within fifteen Months after the Beginning to make use of any such Storehouse or Storehouses, or such other Place or Places, remove and clear out of such Places, to he exported, all and every Part and Parcel of such Malt, that at any Time or Times shall have been put into such Place or Places, within fifteen Months after he, she' or they shall have begun to make use of such Place or Places; and shall always, from Time to Time, remove and clear out of such Storehouse, or other Place, to be exported, all and every Quantity of Malt whatsoever, that within every fifteen Months after the last Clearing shall at any Time be locked up and secured in such Storehouse or Storehouses, or in any other Place or Places that shall be made use of by him, her or them, for the keeping of Malt made for Exportation, on pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of fifty Pounds.

‘ XVII And whereas by a Clause in an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her ‘ late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An Act for granting to her Majejfy Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and I Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for making forth Duplicates of ‘ Lottery Tickets lost, burnt or defrayed; and for enlarging the Time for adjitfting Claims in several Lottery Acts, C ' ‘ and

Malfters,

And foall future .Malfters,

Clauses,, A joannae, C 2.

Anno quarto Georgii III

C

Sr 6 Geo. 1. c.21,

4 (wd topunjft) the counterfeiting or forging of Lottery Orders; and for explaining a late Act in relation to Stamp 4 Duties on cvftomary Ejiates which pass by Deed and Copy; it was enacted, That if any Malfter, or Maker 4 of Malt for Sale, ' during the Continuance of the Duties on Malt by the said Act granted, should tread,

‘ ram, or otherwise force together in the Cittern, uting sat, or Couch, any Corn deeping or steeped in 4 order to the making into Malt, every such Malfter, or Maker of Malt for Sale should, for every such 4 Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence for every Bushel of Corn steeping or 4 steeped that should be so pressed, trodden, rammed, or forced : And whereas by one other Clause in an 4 Act of Parliament passed in the frxth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intitu ‘ led, An Adifor preventing Frauds andabufes in the public; Re vcmls of Excise, cu/loms, Stamp Duties, Post Office,

4 and House Money; it was enacted and declared. That if, from and after the four and twentieth Day of June 4 one thousand seven hundred and twenty, any Corn in any Cistern or uting sat steeping or steeped in order to ‘ the making thereof into Malt by any Malfter or Maker of Malt, (other than Compounders for the Duty on 4 Malt) was or should be found so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be, uni else the same had by some 4 means or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof, every Malfter and Maker 4 of Malt (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt) where the same Should be so found, fltould, in ‘ every such Case, forfeit and lose the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence per Bushel for every Bushel C of such Corn steeping or steeped which should be found so hard, close, and compact, as aforesaid;; ‘ said recited Clauses have been duly continued, and are still in Force : And whereas by the last recited 4 Clause no Penalty is provided where Corn steeped, in order to the making thereof into Malt, hall be 4 found in the Couch so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be, unless the same had by some means ‘ or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof; and the Penalties provided by the ‘ forementioned Clauses have, by Experience, been found inefteftual to prevent the fraudulent Prsftice 4 of pressing, treading, ramming, or otherwise forcing together in the Cistern, uting sat, or Couch, the:

4 Corn or Grain fteepir^or steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, to the Prejudice of his Ma 4 jelly's Revenue, and difcourr.gcment of the fair Traders Be it therefore enacted and declared by the s. pr eu(hel Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and Penalty on all sixty four, if any Corn or Grain in any Cistern, uting sat, or Couch, steeping or steeped, in order. to?orn^ep: l)glior' the making thereof into Malt by any Malfter or Maker of Malt (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt) is or shall be found so hard, close, and compact, as it could not be, unless the same had by some foundin the cif means or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof, every Malfter and Maker tern orcouch, so of Malt (other than Compounders for the Duty on Malt) where the lame shall be so found, shall, in every h.inundcompaft: such Case, forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain steeping or ^fsthe famt' ' steeped, which shall be found so hard, close, and compact; as aforesaid;; Proof being made thereof, the been fotce(j same shall be deemed concluiive Evidence of the Fast, and shall subject the Malfter or Maker of Malt to together to pre the aforesaid Penalty of five Shillings per Bushel. vent the Riiinj,.

XVIII 4 And whereas many Malfters or Makers of Malt, do fraudulently convey away from the Cif 4 tern, uting sat, or other wetting Place or Uteniils, Steepings, or Part of Steepings of Corn or Grain,

4 making into Malt, and mix such Corn or Grain, so Conveyed away, with and nmongft Couches or Floors 4 of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which are then depending and in Operation, that have been 4 gauged or charged with^he Duty in the Couch; and in case the Officer has taken his Gauge of the Corn 4 or Grain, steeping in the Cistern, uting sat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, such Malfters or Ma 4 kers of Malt supply the Deficiency with frclh Barley or other Corn or Grain, in the Absence and with?

4 out the Privity of the Officer, in order to prevent a Discovery of such Corn or Grain having been con 4 veyed away; and such Corn or Grain so conveyed away and rnixt, by an artful and fraudulent manner

4 of working, seldom is charged with any Duty in the Floor; which Practice is greatly detrimental to the tocj pen.a]ry m 4 Revenue and fair Traders: ' For Remedy thereof, It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That fraudulently confront and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any Malfter vcying from the or Maker of Malt shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, or permit or fuller to be conveyed clfte.rn> b"? away from thecitlern, uting sat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any Steeping, or Part of any steep ing of Corn or Grain making into Malt, and shall mix such Corn or Grain so conveyed away with and same with other amongst any such Couch or Couches, Floor or Floors, of other Corn or Grain making into Malt, which Corn charged are then depending and in Operation, and which have been gauged or charged with the Duty in the"''' !1 the Duty in, Couch; or if any Malfter or Maker of Malt, shall fraudulently convey away, or cause or procure, orml permit or suffer to be conveyed away, from the^ciftern, uting sat, or other wetting Place or Utensil, any °onveyhig'th/ Steeping or Part of any Steeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, so that no Gauge of such Corn or same Day, so Grain so conveyed away can be taken in the Couch by the Officer; then, and in each of the said Cases, that no Gauge every such Malfter and Maker of Malt so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the sum°f <"'jchcorn, ca of one hundred Pounds. ■ _ couck"

XIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, p^f^ how t£fc for any Offence against this Act, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by the same Ways, be recovered.' Means and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture given by any of the Laws of Excise upon Beer,

Ale, and other Liquors, can or may be sued for,., levied,, recovered or mitigated, or by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of record at Westminfer; and that one Moiety of fueft Fines, Penalties'and Forfeitures, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Succefiors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or

e for the same.

fuxx. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or Et, vers.ofcydet be construed to extend,, to charge any Person or.persons with the Duty upon Cyder or Perry; such Per or Pern; for filial.

3. soil

jo C i. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763*

private use, notfon or Persons buying the fume for his or their private Use only, and not being a Dealer or Dealers in cy to be charged, der or Perry, or a Retailer or Retailers thereof.

l'erfonsfelling XXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons whatsoever, lei'stln.n iogv who shall, after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, sell any quan lons to be deem tity of Cyder or Perry, or either of them, in less Quantity than twenty Gallons at a Time, whether the same ed Retancrs. m: ujc from Fruit of his, her or their own Growth, or from bought Fruit, shall be deemed and taken to

be a Dealer in Cyder and Perry, and a Retailer thereof, and shall be subject and liable to the Duty of four Shillingspm Hogshead for such Quantity of Cyder and Perry so sold, over and above all other Duties payabable for Cyder and Perry sold by Retail; and that every Dealer in, and Retailer of Cyder and Perry, and other Person and Persons receiving into his, her, or their Custody or Cuftodies, any Quantity of Cyder and Perry, or either of them for Sale, and every Person and Persons who shall buy any bruit to make into Cyder or Perry, or either of them, for Sale, mall make a true and particular Entry in Writing of the several and respective Storehouses, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Place and Places by him, her, or them, reflectively made use of for the making and keeping of Cyder and Perry, or either of them, at the Office of Excise, within the Compass or Limits whereof such respective Storehouses, Rooms, Cellars, Vaults, and other Place or Places shall be situated;; pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such Storehouse, Room, Cellar, Vault, or other Place, which from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four shall be made use of by any such Dealer or Retailer; Receiver or Maker respectively, without making such Entry thereof as aforesaid;; that all Duties, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Duty, Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill,. Plaint, or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at ivcjhmnjier; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same; and if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued for anything done by him, her, or them, in pursuance of this Act, he and they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him, her or them awarded, against: such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

Clause of Loan XXII And it is hereby also enacted, 'Flint there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of at 4i. pet Cent, the Receipt of the Exchequer one Book or Register, in which all the Orders for Money payable by this this Act shall be entered and registered;; that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or'foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty at the said Receipt, upon Credit of the said Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, by this Act granted, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; which Lenders shall have Interest for their Forbearance of their respective Loans, not exceeding the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the Commissioners of thetreafury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more cf the commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who arc hereby authorised to issue their Warrants for that Purpose, as fast as such Loans shall be wanted for the publick Service; the said Interest to be paid every three Months from the making of such Loans, until Satisfaction of the principal Sums respect L l°an ively; and that no Money foto be lent, shall be rated or ahefted to any Tax or Affeffinent whatsoever;; e.ruc, C and that every such Lender shall immediately have a Tally of Loan struck for the Money by him, l'.er or them lent, and an Order of the same Date for the Repayment thereof, with such Interest as afore orjei s register said;; that all such Orders shall be registered in Course according to their Dates; and all Persons therein couriep ld upon ftndl be paid in Course as their Orders shall stand registered, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Adminiftratcrs, orassigns, whose Orders shall be first registered, shall be accounted the Person or Persons to be first paid, and so successively in Course;; that the Moneys to come in by this Act, of the Hid Duties, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns successively, without undue Preference of No See for reis one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divcrtible to any other Use, Intent, or tering, C " whatsoever; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken for providing or making any such Books or Rcgiflers, or any Entries, V iews, or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies; on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to forfeit his Place also;; if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made in point of Rcgiftry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party aggrieved, and be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Matter, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever incapable of his Penalty for unplace or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct, or the Clerk of the Pells record,

1 il‘ rcnce or the Tellers make Payment, according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed;; he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies or Clerks, therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such manner as aforesaid: : which said Penalties, f orfeitures. Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of

his

his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; wherein no Effoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XXIII Provided always. That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it Ijk shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same

71

No undue pre fere nee, where Tallies are dated or broupht the

Day. ' ' same Day :

XXIV Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in noi if fi.bfequent point of Payment, if the Auditor direst, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay fub Orders be paid sequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Per

soils who did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in Course; so as there be so much marie, „ Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for Course. them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from .the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them. - •' '

XXV And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be der due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of register aforesaid, b elis, her or their Executors, Administrators • Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed

on his, her or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry as aforesaid, for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) final] entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in.like manner, assign again, and so tat'us quotlesand afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make, void, release, or difchnrge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXVI And, to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the whole seven hundred and fifty theufand Pounds, to be raised, either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the public

Service; Be it further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or .tmy three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it more advileable to raise the j, are any Number said Sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of of one common such Loans as aforesaid, that then they respectively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Sum, or different Times, at once, or by such Proportions at a Time as they.respectively shall find to be most for the Advan su.™csi' Moneys, tage of the Public, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, in fuchpnnclei °"

Method and Form as they or he shall think' most safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills,, containing one common Sum, or different Sums, in the principal Moneys, so that in case there shall be no Loans made, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act,, shall not exceed seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; and in case any such Loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, together with such Loans so made, shall not exceed the said Sum of seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills to be prepared and Bills to bear in made in pursuance of this Act, shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of four rounds pertcreft at «*• rr Centum per Annum, and proportionably for any greater orlefs Sum to be contained therein, and to be pay cem. per Ann. able to the Bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said Interest shall be abated and saved upon such

of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, as shall at any Time or Times be in the Receipt of the Exchequer, or in the Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues what soever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, during such Time and Times respectively, as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid.

XXVIII And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Bills, foto be prepared and made, shall be num ™ Bills to be bered arithmetically, beginning with No. I. and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression afeending, nur, lt"]ed wherein the common Excess or Difference shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly, so that"1'1cj

the principal Sum to be contained in every such Bill (after Repayment of the Loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the Interest thereof, or reserving Money sufficient for that Purpose) may regularly be paid oft, and discharged in Course, according to the Number of every such Bill, as it shall stand in the said Register; and that the Interest upon all and every the said Bills shall be payable every three Months, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that upon every such Bill there shall be endorsed, printed, or written, in Words at Length, or in Figures, the Sum after which the Principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such Course as aforesaid, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

XXIX Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said S um, not Treasury to di

exceeding seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall beraifed partly by Loans, and partly by Exche rest the Course quer Bills, according to the Powers before given by this Act; that then, and in such Case, it shall and Ex the

may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now 00)r Etlls, being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

being, when and as often as they shall, by virtue of the said Powers, direst any such Loans to be taken, or any iueft Exchequer Bills to be made out, at the same Time also to direst and appoint the Course and Order in which such Loans and Exchequer Bills shall stand upon the said Register, and after what Sum they shall respectively begrn to be payable in Course, out of the Monks arising by this Act, so as no subsequent

7 2

C

Anno, quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

and to appoint Cheques, C

she Bills to be

wand to be ifinable thereout in common with other Moneys,

and to be current

sequent Loans or Exchequer Bills be made to alter the Course at first appointed for prior Loans or Exchequer Bills, at the Time of taking in, or making out, such prior Loans or Exchequer Bills; anything herein before contained .to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX And it is hereby further enacted, That all the said Bills hall be prepared and made with such Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, as shall be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high Treasurer or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that the Person or Persons appointed; or who shall be appointed to pay off the said Bills in Course, shall, from Time to Time, have the Use and Cuftpdy of one Part of all the Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, ' to be prepared and made by virtue of this Add, from which the said Bills hall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills; and that the Undertakers or Contradlors for exchanging or circulating the said Bills, or such of them as hall be current, hall from Time to Time, have the Use and Custody of one other Part of all the said Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, from which the same shall have been cut off, as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon'by any counterfeit or forged Bills; and that all the said Parts of the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils, ball be delivered back into the Exchequer when the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged.

, iscathin, ^ s hereby enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of"

th^txchequer " t^emd?ow being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to cause such Bills as hall be prepared by virtue of this Adito be placed as so much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers oft the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers hall be several ly charged with aproportion of the said Bills, which shall be so placed in his Office refpedtive]y.

XXXII And it is hereby alio enacted and declared. That the said Bills in the Hands of the said Tel,,

hall be locked up and secured as Cash, according to the Course of the Exchequer; and hall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money wherewith each of the said Tellers hall, from Time to Time, land charged, and shall, in common with other the Moneys in the said Exchequer, > be iffur.'ole and re iffuablc thereout, to any Person or Persons d, firing to receive the same, for and in lieu of io much Money as the Principal Sums contained in the said Bills, with the Interest due thereon at the Time of such'iffuing or re issuing thereof, hall amount unto; any law. or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding;;

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Exchequer Bills in ihe Revenue, to be made forth bv virtue of this Actor so many of them as shall, from Time totime, remain undifeharged

and uncancelled, shall and may be received and taken, and shall pass and bcjcurrent to all and every the Receivers and Collector:, in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which hall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable, to his majesty,. his Heirs, and Successors, and also at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Coiledlors, or: from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or. Corporate whatsoever.. any Payments, or Loans: there to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, foi or upon any Account, Cause, or Occasion whatsoever, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that such of the same Bills as hall be received at the.' Exchequer, hall and may be locked up and secured as Caih, according to the Course of the Exclfequer, 'fetded Receivers to ex and effabiiihed by Law, for locking up and see uring Moneys received in Specie, there; .and that all and. clungc Rills for every the Receivers and Collectors in great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any? Revenue, Aid, '.Tax, ready Money. or Supply whatsoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due,..

or payable, to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, shall, and they are hereby diredted.and required; out or any current coined Money, as, shall then be in his or their Hands, of such Revenue, Aid;, Tax, or Supply, to'pay such of the same Bijis, as, shall be brpught.to, them, respectively, by any. Person or Persons defiling to have Money for. the lame: And, in case any such Receiver, or colledlor.shall refuse or neglect to exchange such Bill or Bills for ready Money, for the Space of twenty-four Hours, then the Person or .Persons demanding the same, ihail and may bring an Addion of Debt, or on, - the Case, for the. Principal and i Interest Moneys due upon such Bill or Bills, again ft such Receiver or Colledlor, having Money in his Hands, as aforesaid;; which Action the Plaintiff shall.or may declare, that such Receiver or Colledlor is indebted to the Plaintiff in the Money demanded upon every such Bill, according to the Eorm of the Statute, !' and hath not paid the.same, which shall be fufficipnt; - and the Plaintiff in every such Action hall recover against the Receiver or Colledlor not only the Moneys so neglected or refilled to be paid, but alio his Full' Costs of Suit; and such Receiver and Colledlor shall be subject or liable thereunto; and in such Action, •no Effoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of law, in.dl be allowed, or more than one Imparlance; and upon Payment of the Moneys foto be recovered, the Plaintiff, his Executors, or Aligns, shall deliver up such Bills to the Defendant; his Executors, or Aligns.

Tillies to be k XXXIV And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Bills shall 'atany Time or 1 imes hereafter vied for Bills lent within the respective Times, during which they shall be current pursuant to this Act, be paid or lent into mto the Exche, the Exchequer, by any .of his majesty's Receivers,. or other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corpo 1 ""* rate, making arty Payments or Loans at that Receipt, the Officers there Shall cause Tallies to.be levied,

and delivered to the Payers or Lenders, as amply and effcdlually, to all Intents or Purposes, as if they had made such Payments or Loans in Specie,., 1

intai fft toconti XXXV And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Interest which shall, from Time to • aue till Payment Time, be due upon 'any of, the Rills to be current as aforesaid, shall be allowed to all Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, paying the famefto: any Receiver or Colledlor, .Receivers' or Coliedtors, of

any

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 1.

as aforesaid, to the re

/

any of his majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, or byway of ex change, fpedtive Days whereupon such Bill or Bills shall be so paid, exchanged or lent.

XXXVI Provided always, That no Interest shall run, or be paid upon or for any such Bill or Bills, Interest to C

during the Time any such Bill or Bills so paid, exchanged or lent, shall remain in the Hands of any of the whiift the Bills laid Receivers or Col'edtors, Or in the Hands of any'feller or Tellers of the Exchequer 5 but for fuchffp" 5

Time the Interest on every such Bill shall cease _

And, to the end it may be known for what Time such Bills bearing Interest shall, from Time Bills paid to rc to Time, remain in the Hands of such Receivers or Collectors, or in the Exchequer as aforesaid;; it fur ccivers, C to ie there enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That the Person or Persons, who shall pay any such Bill or Bills so "sned "ntj dited‘ hearing Interest, to any Receivers or Collectors of any of his majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes and Supplies, byway of Exchange, or otherwise, or shall pay or lend such Bill or Bills, so bearing Interest, into

the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of making such Payment, Exchange or Loan, on each Bill bearing Interest, and so paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their Name or Names, and write thereupon, in Words at Length, the Day of the Month and Year, in which he, fbe or they so paid, exchanged or lent such Bill or Bills bearing Interest; all which the said Receivers and Collectors respectively, and also the respective Tellers in the Exchequer, shall take care to see done and performed accordingly; to which Interest to be al respective Days the said Receivers and Collectors shall be allowed again the Interest, which he, Ihe or they !we! 10 tr&d shall have allowed or paid upon fuchrefpedtive Bill or Bills, upon his or their paying the same into the Re 3JS‘ ceipt of Exchequer as aforesaid.

XXXVIII Provided also, and be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills, or The Bills may beany of them, maybe peiffued and paid again out of his majesty's Exchequer; and when the same shall be

reiflued and paid again out of his majesty's Exchequer, the respective Teller there, from whose Office such Bill or Bills bearing Interest shall be so reiflued, or again paid out, shall endorse on the same Bill or Bills so reiflued, inwords at Length, the Day of the Month ard Year, in which the same were reiflued or repaid out of the Exchequer, and alio on what Account the same were last received into the Exchequer, and flgn the lame; from which Time the Interest of such Bil or Bills so reiflued or paid again shall revive; and such Bill or Bills fnall revive, run and pass at Interest, as the same did before they were paid unto or received tithe said Receivers or Ccllcblors, or before the same were paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforesaid.

XXXIX And it is hereby enabled, That the same Bills to be reiflued, from Time to Time, or at any both for lynd tiine, at the Exchequer, as aforesaid, shall be so reiflued for the Principal Money to be contained therein, pai and llltctet and for so much Interest as was due thereon, and allowed by the Teller at the relpebtive Time and Times, when such Bill and Bills were last paid into the Exchequer.

XL And be it enabled, That every receiver-general of any the Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, Receivers tokecy, belonging or to belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and succefl'ors, shall keep a fair Book or Books of ac a count in Writing of all the Moneys by him received; in which he, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall truly ■enter all the Sums which shall have been received by him or them, for every such Revenue, Aid, axe or Supply, together with the Names of the fbveral cojleblors from whom the same, or any Part thereof, was received, the Days when, and the Sums paid, how much thereof in Money, and how much thereof in such Exchequer Bills, and what Exchequer Bills shall have been exchanged by every such receiver-general .pursuant to this Act; to which Account every Person concerned shall have free Access at all seasonable Times, without Fee or Charge; and the said Accounts shall lie constantly open at one certain Place w ithin1 the Limits of his Receipt for that Purpose; and if such Receiver shall neglebl to keep such Book or Books, or enter therein any Sum or Sums of Money by him received and paid as aforesaid, by the Space of three Days after his Receipt or Payment of the same, or fnall refuse any, Person or Persons concerned to infpebl such Book or Books without Fee or Reward, as aforesaid; every such Receiver, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, to be recovered by Ablion of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at tvejimlnjicrj wherein no Effoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance.

XLI Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That in case any of the Bills filled up Kj

Exchequer Bills which shall be current as aforesaid, shall be filled up by Writing or Endorsement made jnd0i*menti'or

thereon as aforesaid, or shall by any Accident be defaced,, it shall and may be lawful for the commissionersdc of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and. ' 0 "

they are hereby authorised and empowered, by his or their Discretion, from Time to Time, to cause new Bills to be made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, in lieu of such Bills which shall be so filled up or de..

; which Bills so filled up or defaced shall be cancelled at the Receipt of Exchequer, and kept therb on a File or Files for that Purpose; and such Bills foto be made forth in lieu thereof, shall have a like Currency, and shall in all relpecls be fubjebt to the same Rules, Methods and Continuance, as the Bills so filled up were intended to have been by this Abl, and shall bear the same Numbers, Dates, and

Principal Sums, and carry the like Interest, as was born and carried by the Bills so cancelled rcfpec

tivsly.

XLII And it is hereby ehadted, That, for the greater Ease and Dispatch of public Business at the II s ^ exceed exchequer, it shall and may be lawful tojind for the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more J" mtde ftrih' of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, and he and they are hereby authorised and enabled, at theexchsquer. in case he or they shall so think fit, to cause Exchequer Bills for any large Sums, not exceeding five thousand Pounds each, to be made forth at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and to be placed as Cash in the said Receipt, in lieu of the like Value of the Principal contained rin the said Exchequer Bills made forth for

vol.ix. L lesser

74

Forging Exchequer uius, Felony.

jtow the Moneys arising by this al shall be applied.

Treasury on 29 Southeast; *1:. 1765, to take an Account of all Moneys railed and discharged.

Unsatisfied Moneys 10 be paid cut cf the next Aid,

or out of the Sinking Fund.

C 1. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

lesser Sums, which at the Time of making such large Bills shall happen to be in the same Receipt, which hall be at the same Time cancelled and discharged, and be kept there on ah ilc for that Purpose;; such new Bills for such large Sums shall and may he lffued at the said Receipt, and have the same Currency, and be in all respects subject to the same Rules, Methods and Continuance, and carry the like Interest, and have the same Security, Benefits and Advantages; and the same Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Crime or Offence relating thereunto, shall be inflicted, incurred, and put in Execution, as if they had been originally issued by virtue of this Act for'the said lcffer Bills; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIII And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit any Exchequer Bill which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, before the same shall be paid off and cancelled, or any Exchequer Bills to be renewed or made forth in pursuance of this Act, or any Endorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, or tender in Payment any such forged or counterfeit Bill, or any excheo^er Bill with such counterfeit Endorsement or Writing thereon, or shall demand to have such counterfeit Bill, or any such Exchequer Bill, with such counterfeit Endorsement or Writing thereupon or therein, exchanged for ready Money, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who Shall be obliged or required to exchange the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, knowing the Bill so tendered in Payment, or demanded to be exchanged, or the Endorsement or Writing thereupon or hereinto be forged or counterfeit, and with Intent to defraud his Majesty. his Heirs and Successors, or the Persons to be appointed to pay off the same, or any of them, or to pay any Interest thereupon, or the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall contrail to circulate or exchange the same, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate; then every such Person or Persons so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall l'uffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLIV And to the End, Intent and Purpose, that all the Moneys to be lent at the Exchequer, on the ‘ Credit of this Ail, within the Time before limited in that Behalf, not exceeding as aforesaid, maybe ‘ duly repaid, and the Interest thereof justly satisfied at the said Receipt, and that all the Exchequer Bills ‘ to be made forth by virtue of this Ail, not exceeding as aforesaid, may likewise be paid off and discharged ‘ in their due Course and Order at such public Office, as is hereafter in and by this Ail appointed in that C Behalf; and to the End the same Bills, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undif ‘ charged, may the better obtain a Currency for such Time as they or any of them are hereby intended to ‘ be current; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money which shall from Time to Time arise at the Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall arise at the said Receipt, be issued and applied at the same Receipt either for or towards paying off and discharging the Orders of Loan, for the Money which shall have been lent at the said Receipt, within the Time herein before limited in that Behalf, and for satisfying the Interest thereof, in such Course, Manner and Form as are before in this Act prescribed and appointed for that Purpose, or be issued to such Paymaster as is herein after mentioned, by way of Impressed and upon Account, for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, in such Course as aforesaid, and for and towards the paying the Interest quarterly to become due on the said Bills, and for or towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the same Bills, or any of them, and for or towards such other Payments as are in and by this Act directed or allowed to be made or discharged out cf the same, and for no otherufe, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XLV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That on the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or within ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Corner, iffioners of the Treasury for the Time being, Shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Moneys which shall have been raised by Loans, or by Exchequer Bills, or hy ny or either of those Ways or Means, for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding seven hundred and fist" thousand Pounds, by this Act intended to be raised, as aforesaid, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof Shall then remain undif charged, upon the said Orders of Loan and Exchequer Bills respectively, or upon any or either of them; which Account Shall be publicly affixed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt in the said Exchequer.

XLVI And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That the Moneys so remaining unsatisfied, or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due for the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September. one thousand seven hundred and sixty hve, and Shall be transferred thereunto, as soon as such Aid or Aids shall be granted; and if no such Aid or Aids shall be granted, whereunto such unsatisfied Moneys shall be transferred, before the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ffxty six, then the Moneys so remaining unsatisfied and undifeharged, with the Interest due or to grow due for the same, Shall be and are hereby charged and changeable upon such Moneys, as at any Time or Times Shall be and remain in the same Receipt cf the Surpluifes, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular.ufe or Ufcs, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund Shall and may be issued for the paying off and discharging the said Orders of Loan, and for satisfying the Interest thereof, and for supplying Money to the said Paymaster, for discharging the said unsatisfied Exchequer Bills in Course, with Interest remaining due thereupon, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, Shall direst, until all the Principal and Interest, which Shall be

or

S

75

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 1.

or remain due upon the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or Money fufficrent shall be reserved for that Purpcfe; and if at any Time or Times before or after any of the said Rates and Duties hereby granted shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying Interest, which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, or for Payment of any Premium or Kate, which shall be incurred and grown due by any Contract orcontradls to be made by virtue of this Add, for circulating and exchanging the same Bills; that then, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and maybe supplied out of the Moneys of the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

‘ XLVII And whereas by reason of the Multiplicity of Payments, which are to be made in paying off commiijionerst® £ such Exchequer Bills as shall be made forth by virtue of this Add, and otherwise in relation to the same,

£ it will be difficult, if not impossible, that every particular Payment should be directed, recorded, paid and pafsims, which ‘ accounted for by the several Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the ordinary Course of Pay hall from Time £ ments there used Therefore, and to the end the Exchequer may regularly be discharged of all the Moto Time be in nies required by this Add to be applied for paying off the said Exchequer Bills, and other Charges attending course the same, Be it enadded by the Authority aforesaid. That the Commissioners of thetreafury, or any three or more of them now being, and the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall and may, from Time to Time, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, conlditute and appoint fuchperfon and Persons as he or they shall think fit, to be the Paymaster to pay off and discharge the principal Sums which shall, from Time totime, be in course of Payment upon the.' said Exchequer Bills, or any of them, and to pay the Interest quarterly to become due thereupon, until they shall be paid off and discharged; and to pay the Premium or Premiums, Rate or Rates, which, according to any Contradd or Contradds to be made, as is herein after mentioned, for exchanging and circulating the said Bills, or any of them, shall be due or payable to such Contradicts; and to take in and put upon a File, from Time totime, all such of the said Bills as shall be paid off to be cancelled, as the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall diredd; and to do and perform, or cause and procure to be done and performed, such other Matters and Things in relation to the said Bills, or the Principal and Interest therein to be contained, as to the said Commissioners of thetreafury, or any three or more of them now being, or to the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of thetreafury for the Time being, shall seem meet, and be directed to be done and performed by such Paymaster for the Time being; all which Payments shall be paid by such Paymaster, from Time to Time, at an Office to be kept in or near the Receipt of the Exchequer at jvejhnirijler for that Purpose;; that the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of thetreafury for the Time being, shall take or cause to be taken Security, according to the best of his or their Judgments, from all and every such Person and Persons so constituted, or to be constituted, for his or their due paying, answering and accounting for all the said Moneys which he or they shall receive, and for his and their true and faithful Performance of his or their Office or Offices, Trust or Trusts, before mentioned.

XLVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners of the Money, as Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, and the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the ^te0ua|)3': to'th" Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, once in every Week, or oftener, as any of the Money paymasters, by this Act appointed or intended to be applied for or towards paying off the said Exchequer Bills, or discharging any other the Payments relating thereunto, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act, shall be, or be brought into the Exchequer, or be or remain there, shall, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained from his majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in that Behalf, issue, or cause to be issued, the same to such Paymaster or Paymasters already constituted or to he constituted as aforesaid, by way of Impressed and upon Account, for dr towards the paying oft" and discharging the said Exchequer Bills in such Course as aforesaid, and such other Payments relating to the said Exchequer Bills as are to be made by such Paymaster or Paymasters as aforesaid;; that he or they shall, from Time to Time, apply all the Moneys by him or them foto be received, as he or they shall receive the same, from Time to Time, towards discharging the said Bills in course, and other Payments hereby directed and allowed, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present Act, and not otherwise.

XLIX And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That all the said Bills to be made forth by Bilis f rfs: virtue of this Act, shall be registered in Course, according to their Numbers, as aforesaid; and that theflered in couri'il said Registers shall lie open in the public Office of the said Paymaster for the Time being; and a Table, to ffiew how far the said Bills shall be in course of Payment, from Time to Time, shall be publicly affixed in the said Office; and that such Register and Table, or either of them, shall or may be viewed or infpedted, at any seasonable Time or Times, by any Person or Persons desiring to view or inspect the same, without Fee or Charge; and that the said Bills shall be paid off and discharged in course, according as their Numbers shall (land in the said Register; and the Moneys by this Act appointed for Payment of the same, shall in the same Order be liable thereunto, without giving any undue Preference, in paying any Bill or Bills of any subsequent Number or Numbers, before any Bill or Bills of any antecedent Number or Numbers, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatefover, other than the Uses and pur poses hy this Act appointed for Application of the same : Nevertheless, in case it shall happen that several Bills in course of Payment shall on the same Day be brought, and demanded to be paid off, it shall not be interpreted an undue Preference which of them the Paymaster or Paymasters do pay first, so as he or they do pay them all the same Day; and it shall not be interpreted an undue Preference to incur any Penalty in

L 2 point

76 C 1. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

When Interest to cease.

Paymasters liable to the Control ef the Treasury.

Treasury to settle Salaries of clctitsj 6c ct

and to contra with Persons to circulate Bills,

a C

Contraftors not djfabled from being Members of Parliament:

May lower or jaife the Interest with Consent of Treasury,

point of Payment, if the Paymaster or Paymasters do pay off the Bills to the Persons that bring their Bills, and demand their Money in course, before others that do not bring their Bills, and demand their Money in course, so as such Money be reserved as will satisfy precedent Bills, which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them.

L And it is hereby enacted, That the Interest upon the said Bills hall ccafe from the respective Times that Money shall be reserved arid kept in Bank for discharging the same. •

LI And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Paymaster or Paymasters shall be subject and liable to such Inspection, Examination, Control and Audit, and to such Rules in respect to paying, accounting, and other Matters relating to the Execution of the said Office ortruft of Paymaster, as the Commissioners of thetreafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the Pligh Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners ot the Trpafury for the Time being, shall think fit or reasonable to eftablifn or appoint, from Time to Time, for the better Execution of the Intent and End of this Act, and the Satisfaction of the Proprietors of the said Bills.

LIE And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the Person or Persons constituted, or to he constituted to the said Office of Paymaster, as also the Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed to examine and control the Receipts, Payments and Doings of such Paymaster or Paymasters, shall refpec tirely have and receive for the Services of themselves respectively, and of the Clerks and Substitutes to be employed under them respectively, and for such Charges as shall be necefiarily incident to the Execution of their respective Offices, such Salaries, Rewards and Allowances, as the Commissioners of thetreafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of thetreafury for the 1 rme being, shall judge to be reasonable, and direst in that Behalf, and to be allowed upon the proper Account or Accounts of the said Paymaster or Paymasters.

‘ LIII And, for the better supporting the Currency of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, and

to the end a sufficient Provifton may be made for circulating and exchanging for ready Money, from ti me' ‘ to Time, the said Bills, or such of them as hall, from Time to Time, remain undifeharged, during fuel ‘ Time as they, or any of them, are to be current; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid' ' the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of thetreafury for the Time being, on his majesty's Behalf, shall and may, from Time to Time, enter into any Contrast or Contrasts, for obliging any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who will voluntarily undertake this Service, at his or their own Colls or Charges, to circulate and exchange, at some public Office in London or ivejhnhifler, for ready Money, from Time to Time, all such of the said Bills, which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, as shall be demanded at such public Office, during the Time or respective Times of i'uch Contrast or Contrasts, by paying in ready Money, at their own Colls and Charges, upon every such Demand, or within twenty-four Horn's after, all the principal Moneys contained in every such Bill to be demanded, and' the Interest which shall then be due thereupon, and so toties quoties, as often as any such Bill shall be demanded; the said Contraftors or Undertakers from Time to Time, upon exchanging every such Bill, taking in the Bill so exchanged for their own Use, and being allowed a Rate, or several Rates, not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as well for paying the said Interest, at their own Costs, as also in reward for their Service, upon all the said Bills so undertaken to be circulated; which said respective Rate or Rates shall be paid as is herein after mentioned; and the said Contrast or Contrasts shall be made in Writing, and regiltered in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, and shall be made to endure for such Time and Times respectively, as shall be agreed by the Contraftors.

LIV And it is hereby enacted. That such Contraftors, or any of them, shall not, for that Cause only, he disabled from being a Member or Members of Parliament, or be adjudged liable to be a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, within the Intent and Meaning of all or any the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Contraftors with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of thetreafury, or any three or more of them nov/being, ' or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of thetreafury for the Time being, and not otherwise) may, at any Time or Times after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, by Writing to be affixed upon the Exchange of London, and by Publication in the London Gazette, declare and direst, if they shall see so Cause and think fit, the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or any Number or Part of them, to carry a lower or higher Rate of Interest, than the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Time or Times as shall be mentioned in such Wriling and Publication, as aforesaid: : for the greater Accommodation and Ease of paying the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, to the Receivers and Collectors of the Public Revenues, and into the Receipt of the Exchequer, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, have hereby Power, at the Request of such Contraftors, to make forth, or cause to be made forth, any of the said Exchequer Bills without bearing any Interest; yet ncverthclefs those Bills foto be made forth without bearing any Interest, may, from Time to Time, be made to carry such Interest as the said Contraftors shall, by Writing to be affixed on the Exchange of London, and published in the London Gazette, signify and declare in that Behalf.

Confnftors bow LVI And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of thetreafury, or to oc pai. any three or more Of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of thetreafury for the Time being, shall cause the Moneys which shall, from Time to Time, be incurred and grown duo to such Contraftors, upon such respective Rates or Premiums, not exceeding'as aforesaid,

to

77

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii 111. C 1.

to be paid, out of the Moneys which shall, from Time to Time, be issued to the said Paymaster or Paymasters, as aforesaid;; former Law onstatutetothe contrary notwithfbunding.

LVII And it is hereby enafte.i by the Au hority aforesaid, 1 hat no Fee, .Reward or Gratuity, shall ben "Fej be demanded or taken, directly or indirectly, by any of his Majestyls Officers in .theexcbequer, or by any ctf taken, their Clerks or Subftitutcs, or by any such Paymaster or Comptroller, or .'by their .or either of their Clerks .or Substitutes, from any of his majesty's Subjects, .for any.matter or Thing to be done by the said Officers in the Exchequer, or by the said Paymaster or Comptroller, or; assay of them, their or' any .of their Clerks or Subftitutcs respectively, in pursuance of this Act; and that no such officer in the Exchequer, Paymaster or Comptroller, or any such Clerk or Substitute, dhall divert or misapply, or cause or procure to be diverted or misapplied, any of the Moneys by this Act intended for the exchanging, _ circulating and paying off the said Biljs, or any of them, .under such Penalties and Forfeitures to .be.incurred by and inflicted on them respectively, as by this Act are prescribed and enacted for diverting and misapplying any ttie Moneys of the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or for taking or• demanding any Fee, .Reward or Gratuity concerning the same.,! 1 i.. >.

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted. That as. often as anyincercft upon anyexchequerl'ill No Interest for .or Bills to be made forth by this Act, shall be demanded to be .paid,, the said Contractors ortpaymafters shall pcyir|han onc not be obliged to pay for such Interest, to any Idler Sum than one Penny upon such Bill, in case a single nn; "

Bill be produced, or for the Total of the Interest of such Bills, where two or more shall be offered at one Time by the same Rerfoil; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the .said Commissioners Charges to be of thetreafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Tinip being, shall have Power, and he or they are hereby enabled lav‘ns jn to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed, out of the Moneys to arise of or for the said rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or for the said Surpluses, Excelfes orioverplus Moneys, 'and other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary. Charges of making forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorised to be made forth, and such other Charges as Shall be necessarily incident in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, in relation to the said Bills; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX Provided always, and tie it enacted by the Authority'aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall To be replaced be iltued out of the said Surpluses, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing. the Sink ut f the ing Fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted iupp ies‘ in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

- LXI Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That in case Proof shall be made on Oath of one or more ciaufe of Relief credible Witness or Witnefies, before the Lord Lhief Baron and other the Barons of the Coif of his Male "ot

jelly's Court of Exchequer, or any of them, that any of the Bills, which shall have been made forth by L °' virtue of this Act, were by Casualty or Mischance loll, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, before the coming thereof in course.of Payment; 'and if by the party's Oath the Numbers and Sums of such Bill or Bills shall be ascertained.; and if thereupon the said Chief Baron, 1 and other the said Barons, - or any Of them, before whom such Oaths were made, shall certify that he or they are satisfied in such Proof; then, and in every such Case, the'commissioners of ihe Treasury, or nny .three or more of them now being, or theihigh Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised to cause the Money due upon such Bill or Bills, so loft, burnt or destroyed, to be satisfied by the said Paymaster or Paymasters, as if the original Bill or Bills were brought in to be paid off; provided that the Pei (on or Persons so receiving the Money do give Security to the King, to the good Liking of the Person cr Persons who shall be appointed, as aforesaid, to pay off' and take in the said Bills, to pay into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public!:, so much Money asdhall be paid upon such Certificate or Certificates, if the Bill or Bills so certified to be lost, burnt or destroyed, be hereafter produced.

LXII Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Bills to Rills discharged be made forth by virtue of this Act, which shall, from Time to. Time, be discharged and paid off, shall be o be cancelled, taken in and filed, and shall be cancelled and made void, according to such Rules and 1 ireftions as the said Commissioners of thetreafury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the 1 ime being, shall by any Warrant or Warrants under their Hands director appoint.

LXIII Provided always, and it is hereby likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all the Mo sinking Fund nies arisen or to arise into the Exchequer of or for the said Surpluffes, Exccffes or Overplus Moneys, and api>«>pnated^o other Revenues, composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys thereof, as are by this or any other tiona?debtaln aft or Acts of this or any former Session or Sessions of Parliament, especially charged upon the said sink curred befoic *5 ing Fund, or to be paid out of the same, or out of any Revenues or Branches composing the said Sinking Dec. 1716. Fund) fnall be appropriated, reserved and employed to and for the discharging the Principal and Interest of such National Debts and Encumbrances, as were incurred before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and are declared to be fueh National Debts, as may be redeemed, and are provided for by Act of Parliament, in such Manner and Form as shall be directed and appointed by any future Act or Acts of Patliament to be discharged therewith, or out of the same, and to none other Use,

Intent or Purpose whatsoever;; i hing in this Act contained to the contrary. notwithstanding.

‘ LXIV And whereas several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Blfls, made upon and in pursuance of an

* Act of Parliament of the second Year of his present majesty's Reign, for continuing the duties upon

* Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, stili remain undifeharged for want of fufficisnt Money arising by the said ‘ Duties being come into the Exchequer, tofatisfy and diicharge the same, and it is uncertain how much

‘ thereof

7 8

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

Deficiency of Malt taxjsgcoi 3. how to be supplied.

Arrears of former Duties to be applied in Aid ol the Supplies granted for the Year 1764.

‘ thereof the Moneys arising by the said Act will be able to answer and discharge Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Money arisen or to arise into the Exchequer, for or on account of the said Duties, on or before thetwenty fifth Day of March, which will be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, shall not be sufficient to discharge the whole Principal and Iniereft due or to grow due upon the several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, made upon and in pursuance of the said Act, that then so much Money as shall then appear to be wanting and deficient for answering the pur poses aforesaid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any the Moneys arising into the Exchequer, by. or from the Loans or Exchequer Bills on this Actor any other Moneys or Loans that are or shall be appropriated for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall dileft and apply the same accordingly; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all the Moneys which, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, shall and may happen to come and be paid into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, for Arrears upon the said Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, granted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two (after satisfying all Interest, Premiums, or Rates then due on the said Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid) shall be ifi'ued and applied in Aid of the Supplies that shall be granted to his Majesty, for the said Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; anything in the Act by which the said Duties were granted to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. II

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

Preamble.

C Most Gracious Sovereign,

E, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament

2, 037, 854). 19s. 11 d. to be raised in Great Britain.

1, 959, 9001. is. 9 d. to be raised in England, in one Year, from 25 Mar. j764.

assembled, taking into our serious Consideration such Expenses as are absolutely necessary for supporting your majesty's Government, and being resolved to supply the same, have for that End and C Purpose cheerfully and voluntarily given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty, the several and respective Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned; and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenr Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of two millions thirty seven thousand eight hundred fifty-four Pounds nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence, shall be raised, levied and paid unto his Majesty, within die Kingdom of Great Britain, by such Proportions, and in such Manner and Form, as hereafter in this Act are expressed.

II And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, Part of the said Sum of two millions thirty seven thousand eight hundred fifty-four Pounds nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence, ' shall be raised, levied and paid unto his Majesty, within the Space of one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and shall be assessed and taxed in the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns and Places of England, Wales, and Berivick upon Tweed, according to the Proportions in manner following; that is to say,.

FOR the Town of Bedford, the Sum of six hundred and ninety-two Pounds eleven Shillings and one Penny.

For the rest of the County of Bedford, the Sum of twenty seven thousand eight hundred and sixty two Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny.

For the Borough of New Windsor, and thecaftle there, the Sum of nine hundred seventy eight Pounds and ten Shillings.

For the rest of the County of Berks, the Sum of thirty-nine thousand eight hundred sixty five Pounds nine Shillings and five Pence.

For the Borough of Bucks, with Barton, borton hold, prebencl end, Gawcott and Lendborough, the Sum of six hundred and thirteen Pounds and five Pence Halfpenny.

For the Borough of jvicomb, the Sum of three hundred fifty-eight Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence.

For the rest of the County of Bucks, the Sum of forty six thousand one hundred seventy Pounds thirteen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny.

For the University of Cambridge, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

For the Town of Cambridge, the Sum of two thousand seven hundred forty six Pounds three Shillings and one Penny.

For the Iflc of Ely, the Sum of eight thousand and eight Pounds five Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny. ‘ •

For the rest of the County of Cambridge, the Sum of twenty-one thousand eight hundred seventy eight Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny.

For

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 2.

For the City and County of the City of Chcfler, the Sum of one thousand five hundred eighty-four Pounds and seven Shillings.

For the County of Chester, the Sum of twenty seven thousand and fourteen Pounds eighteen Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny.

For the County of Cornwall, the Sum of thirty-one thousand nine hundred forty-three Pounds and one Shilling. _ :

For the County of Cumberland, the Sum of three thousand seven hundred thirteen Pounds eighteen Shillings and twopence Halfpenny.

For the County of Derby, the Sum of twenty-four thousand'ninety three Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny.

For the City and County of the City of Exon, the Sum of four thousand seven hundred and eight Pounds and five Pence Halfpenny.

For the County of Devon, the Sum of seventy seven thousand eight hundred seventy five Pounds two Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny. •

For the Town; and County of the Town of Pool, the Sum of three hundred twenty-eight Pounds and two Shillings.

For the County of Dorset, the Sum of thirty-two thousand seven hundred fifty-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny.

For the County of Durham, the Sum of ten thousand five hundred ninety seven Pounds fourteen Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny. 1 *

For the West Riding of the County of York, the Sum of thirty-nine thousand three hundred sixty tvvo Pounds one Shilling and one Penny. '

For the north Riding of the County of York, the Sum of twenty six thousand three hundred forty seven! Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence.

For the East Riding of the County of York, the Sum of nineteen thousand one hundred eleven Pounds two Shillings and eleven Pence;

For the City of York, and County of the same City, the Sum of four thousand six hundred nineteen Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence.

For the Town and County of the Town of Kingjion upon Hull, the Sum of two thousand fifty three Pounds two Shillings and fourpence. 1

For the Town of Malden in the County of ejjex, the Sum of five hundred eighty-four Pounds and eighteen Shillings.

For the Town of Colchfler, the Sum of two thcfufand eight hundred fortyfive Pounds six Shillings and threepence.

For the Town of Harwich and Dover Court, the Sum of four hundred and three Pounds thirteen Shillings.

For the rest of the County of Essex, the Sum of eighty-five thousand five hundred sixty three Pounds nine Shillings and five Pence.

For the City and County of the City of Gloucester, the Sum of one thousand three hundred ninety six Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence.

For the whole County of Gloucester, the Sum of fortyfive thousand nine hundred forty-two Pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence.

For the City of Hereford, the Sum of seven hundred sixty three Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence.

For the Borough of Leominfler, the Sum of three hundred thirty-three Pounds fifteen Shillings and eight Pence.

For the rest of the whole County of Elereford, the Sum of nineteen thousand three hundred eleven Pounds ' thirteen Shillings and eight Pence.

For the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Hertford, the Sum of seven hundred seventy four Pounds and two Shillings.

For the rest of the whole County of Hertford, the Sum of forty-one thousand five hundred ninety seven Pounds and sixpence. ' ' • •

For the town of Huntingdon, the Sum of four hundred thirty-two Pounds twelve Shillings and eight Pence.

For the rest of the County of Huntingdon, the Sum of fifteen thousand and sixty four Pounds twelve Shillings and fourpence.

For the City and County of the City of Canterbury, the Sum of one thousand six hundred fifty-two Pounds one Penny, and one third Part of a Penny.

For the Town and Liberty of Dover, the Sum of one thousand nine hundred twenty-three Pounds thirteen Shillings and nine Pence.

For the town of Folkfone, the Sum of one hundred forty-four Pounds and nineteen Shillings.

For the town of Forawich, the Sum of seventy seven Pounds and eight Shillings.

P'or the Town of Feverflomn, the Sum of five hundred nineteen Pounds ten Shillings and threepence. ';

For the town A Tenter den, the Sum of eight hundred sixty three Pounds and two Shillings.

For the town and Liberty of Sandwich, the Sum of nine hundred ninety one Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence.

For the town and Port of New Romney, the Sum of two hundred forty-nine Pounds and seventeen Shillings.. t.

For

4

So

C 2.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763,.

For the Town of Lydd, the Sum of seven hundred sixty nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence.'

For the Town and Port of Hi the, and Wcjl Hithe, within the Liberty of the Paid Town and Port, the Sum of two hundred thirty-six Pounds and fourteen Shillings.'

For the rest of the whole County of .Kent, the Sum, of seventy five thousand.ono hundred twenty-four Pounds four Shillings and fourpence.

. For, the County of Lancajicr, ' the Sum, of twenty thousand nine, hundred eighty nine Pounds fourteen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny.

■ For the borough of Leicester, the Sum of six hundred thirty-nine Pounds and twelve Shillings.

For the rest of the County of Leicester, the Sum of thirty-four thousand and forty live Pounds ten Shillings and, one Penny Halfpenny .1,,,. -. t -. /.

For the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, the Sum of seventy one thousand nine hundred leven Pounds and eight Pence.;

For the City of London, the Sum of one hundred twenty-three thousand three hundred ninety-nine Paunds six Shillings and seven Pen, ce. r ■.

For Sergeants Inn in Chancery Lane, the Sum of thirty-one Pounds and four Shillings.

. For the Inner temple, - and Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, the Sum of four hundred Pounds.

For the Middle Temple, and Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, the Sum of two hundred seventy two Pounds and sixteen Shillings'..

For the Society of Lincohis Inn, and Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, the Sum of three hundred forty onepounds..seven Shillings and sixpence ■,,. •; • ',

Grey s Inn, and the Inns of Chancery thereunto belonging, the Sum of two hundred fifty-two Pounds thirteen Shillings; and fourpence.. nit" " •: ' 1' ' T

For the Palaces of Whitehall and Mmtjames, the Sum of thirty thoufandseven hundred fifty-four Pounds six Shillings, and, threepence.,, -, jj (ll,, r <. •.

For the .City of Wejimirijler, and Liberties thereof, and Offices executed in Wejhninfler Hall, the Sum of sixty th; ree thousand and, pinety two Pounds open Shilling, and five Pence.

For the rest of the County of Middlesex, the Sum of one hundred and seven thousand six hundred and two Pounds eleven shillings apd seven Pence.

For the County of Monmouth, the Sum of nine thousand eight hundred and twelve Pounds six shillings and fiye pence; Halfpenny.; 0 ' r - f; • i, -,

the City and County of the City of Norwich, the Sum of eight thousand five hundred eighteen

Pounds eleven Shillings and, ieleyen'pen.ce,, *,,.

For the Borough of Great Yarmouth, the Sum of two thousand eight hundred aiid twenty Pounds three Shillings and; one Penny.' r. r; : ...,

For the Borough of King's Lynn, the Sum of one. thousand eight hundred fourteen Pounds and fourteen Shillings.. - ‘.;. .*. ' -- .I. ",

For so much of the Borough of Thetford as lies in the County of Norfolk, the Sum of two hundred and, thirty-nine Pounds., - - r.s.

For the rest of the County of Norfolk, the Sum of seventy thousand nine hundred fourteen Pounds six Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny.

For the Town of Northampton, the Sum of eight hundred thirty Pounds seven Shillings and ten

For the rest of the County of Northampton, the Sum of forty six thousand eight hundred thirty-nine' Pounds three Shillings arid seven Pence;, }•••' •» T • >

For the Town and County of the Town of neivca/he Upon Tyne, the Sum of two thousand five hundred -- eighty/poundf sixteen Shillings, and. fourpence.. „

For the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sinn of one hundred fortyfive Pounds and three Shillings...

For the County of Northumberlandj the Sum of eleven thousand eight hundred, twenty-two Pounds and eighteen Shillings'..

For the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, the Sum of one thousand six hundred fourteen" Boundsiten Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny,

For the County of Nottingham, the Sum of twsnty five thousand six hundred sixty two Pounds and two pence..u.. r. >' p' ' • ‘

For the Uhiverfity of Oxon, the Sum of oiie hundred eleven Pounds feveiiteen Shillings and twopence -

the City of Oxon, the Sum of three thousand four hundred forty-four Pounds six Shillings and threepence, /■

For the rest of the County of Oxon, the Sima of thirty-five thousand one hundred ninety five Pounds sixteen Shillings: and fourpence, - and teb twelfth Parts of a Penny.

For the County of Rutland the' Sum pf five thousand five hundred twenty-five Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny. • '.! •

For the Town of Ludlow? the Sum, of two hundred twenty six Pounds and two Shillings.

For the County of Salop the .s um of twenty-eight thousand eight hundred thirty Pounds seventeen Shillings ard one Penny Halfpenny.

For the City, and County of. the City of Brifolj the Sum of seven thousand three hundred ninety one Pounds ten Shillings and eight Ponces

X For

14.

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 2. Si

Far the City of Bath, the Sum of four hundred forty-three Pounds and six Shillings.

For the City of Wells, the Sum of four hundred eighty one Pounds seventeen Shillings snd sixpence.

For the Borough of Bridgewater, and Haygrave tithing, the Sum of three hundred sixty six Pounds and five Shillings.

For the rest of the County of Somerset, the Sum of sixty three thousand seven hundred ninety Pounds four Shillings and fourpence.

For the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, the Sum of seven hundred ninety four Pounds ten Shillings and one Penny.

For the Isle of Wight, the Sum of six thousand two hundred seventy three Pounds and sixteen Shillings.

fortthe rest of the County of Southampton, the Sum of forty seven thousand eight hundred seventy two Pounds five Shillings and five six Parts of a Penny.

For the City and County of the City of Litchfield, the Sum of four hundred twenty Pounds nineteen Shillings and fourpence.

For the County of Stafford, the Sum of twenty six thousand seven hundred Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence. '

For the Town of Ipfwicb, the Sum of two thousand sixty one Pounds three Shillings and sixpence,

For the Borough of Bury Saint Edmonds, the Sum of two thousand one hundred and six Pounds and three Shillings.

For the Borough of Dunwich, the Sum of forty Pounds three Shillings and sixpence.

For the Borough of Eye, the Sum of five hundred and two Pounds.

For the Borough of Sudbury, the Sum of five hundred and six Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence.

For so much of the Borough of Thetford as lies in Suffolk, the Sum of seventy nine Pounds and four Shillings.

Foi the rest of the County of Suffolk, the Sum of sixty eight thousand two hundred eleven Pounds and fourpence, and two third Parts of a Penny.

For the County of Surrey, the Sum of sixty six thousand one hundred thirty-two Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny.

For the Town and Port of Hajlings, and Liberties thereof, the Sum of three hundred seventy eight Pounds and six Shillings.

For the Liberty of Scaford, the Sum of one hundred forty-one Pounds and eighteen Shillings.

For the Liberty of Pevenfey, the Sum of one thousand eighty eight Pounds and ten Shillings.

For the Town and Parish of Rye, the Sum of four hundred seventy three Pounds and eighteen Shillings.

F or the Town of Winchclfea, the Sum of four hundred and five Pounds.

For the rest of the County of Stffex, the Sum of fifty seven thousand six hundred and three Pounds eighteen Shillings and seven Pence.'

For the City and County of the City of Coventry, the Sum of two thousand four hundred sixty three Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence.

For the County of Warwick, the Sum of thirty seven thousand three hundred twenty-five Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence.

For the City and County of the City of Worcejier, the Sum of two thousand two hundred twenty-eight Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence.

For the County of jforcejler, the Sum of thirty-one thousand three hundred fifty-three Pounds nine Shillings and threepence.

For the City of New Sarrm, the Close of the same, and Clarendon Park, the Sum of one thousand nine hundred thirty-five Pounds sixteen Shillings and sixpence.

For the rest of the County of jvilts, the Sum of forty-nine thousand seven hundred twenty-one Pounds eleven Shillings and five Pence.

For the County of we/bnorland, the Sum of three thousand and fortyfive Pounds three Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny.

For the Isle o Anglefea, the Sum of one thousand six hundred thirty-three Pounds seven Shillings and eleven Pence.

For the Borough of Brecon, the Sum of one hundred seventy seven Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence.

For the rest of the County of Brecon, the Sum of two thousand eight hundred seventy three Pounds eighteen Shillings and fourpence.

For the County of Cardigan, the Sum of one thousand three hundred seventy two Pounds sixteen Shillings and twopence.

Tor the County Borough of Carmarthen, the Sum of two hundred twenty-nine Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence.

For the County ol Carmarthen, the Sum of four thousand one hundred forty Pounds three Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny.

For the County of Carnarvon, the Sum of two thousand three hundred thirty seven Pounds six Shillings and seven Pence.

For the County of Denbigh, the Sum of six thousand eight hundred Pounds.

F or the County of Flint, the Sum of two thousand three hundred fourteen Pounds and seventeen Shillings,

Vox.. IX M For

/

C 2. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

For the County of Glamorgan, the Sum of seven thousand nine hundred and six Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence.

For the County of Merioneth, the Sum of two thousand four hundred thirty-two Pounds, fifteen Shillings and ten Pence.

for the County of Montgomery, the Sum of five thousand eight hundred fifty-two Pounds eighteen shik lings and fourpence. ■

For the County of Pembroke, the Sum of two thousand nine hundred ninety seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny.

For the County of Radnor, the Sum of two thousand six hundred ninety-two Pounds and six Shillings.

For the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordivejl, the Sum of one hundred seventy four Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence.

Peifonal Estates HI And be it further enaated by the Authority aforesaid, That towards raising the said several and re (except dcfperjte fpeaive Sums of Money, hereby charged on the refpeaive Counties, Cities, Eoroughs, Towns, and other Debts, Stock on Places, in that Part of Great Britain called England, tbales, and Berwick, as aforesaid, all and every per L .m.d., houfl]oidfon and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities, within the same refpeaively, s°h1s'amve(m 'iav'n§ anv Estate in ready Money, or in any Debts whatsoever, owing to them within Great Britain, or to pay545.'; Jii the without, or having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Chatties, or Personal Estate

Pound, whatsoever, within Great Britain, or without, belonging to or in Trust for them (except and out of the Pro

misses deducted such Sums as he, he or they, do bona side owe, and such Debts owing to them, as shall be adjudged desperate by the refpeaive Commissioners appointed by this Act; and also except the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for Household Stuff"; and also except such Loans and Debts as are or shall be owing from his Majesty to any Person or Persons) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty the Sum of four Shillings in the Pound, according to the true yearly Value thereof forone year; (that is to say) For every one hundred Pounds of such ready Money and Debts, and for every one hundred Pounds Worth of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, or other Chatties or Personal Lftate, the Sum of twenty Shillings, and so after that Rate for every greater or less Sum, or Quantity, to be assessed, levied.

Employments ofand coileaed, in manner herein after mentioned; and that all and every Person and Persons, and all and Profit (except every Commissioner and Commissioners, having, using, or exercising, any public Office or employ o>ent ‘n England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid, and all and every their Clerks, Agents, Southeast

Navy) to p.y4s. c°ndaries, Substitutes, and other inferior Ministers whatsoever (such military Officers who are or shall be per pound. ' in Muster by the muster master General of his majesty's Army, or in Pay in his majesty's Army or Navy, in refpea of such Offices only, excepted) hall, towards raising the said refpeaive Sums before in this Act charged upon the respective Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and other Places of England, Wales, and Berwick, as aforesaid, yield and pay unto his Majesty the Sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings, which, he, she, or they do receive in one Year, by virtue of any Salaries, Gratuities, bounty money, Rewards, Sees, Profits, Perquisites, or Advantages whatsoever, to him, her, or them accruing, for or by reason or occasion of such their several Offices or Employments, without any Allowance, deauaion, or peni5on3andan Abatement whatsoever;; that all and every Person and Persons, Guilds, Fraternities, Bodies Politic

‘or other yearly Payment, either out of the re any Branch of his majesty's Revenue in England, by any Person or Persons whatsoever in England, Wales, or Berwick (not being or issuing out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or charged upon the same, touching which other Directions are given by this Act; and not being Annuities or yearly Payments, which, by any Actor Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, are or shall be especially exempted from the Payment of Taxes or Aids) hall, towards raising the said, respective Sums before by this A A charged upon the refpeaive Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and other Places of England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid, yield and pay unto his Majesty the Sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings by the Year, for every such Annuity, Pension, Stipend, or yearly Payment refpeaively, and after that Rate for one whole Year: The said several Rates and Sums of Money hereby granted, to be assessed, imposed,, and colleaed in such manner as herein after is mentioned.

IV ‘ And to the end the full and entire Sum by this AA charged upon the several Counties, Cities,

‘ Boroughs, Towns, and Places refpeaively, of England, jbales, and Berwick as aforesaid, may be fully ‘ and completely railed and paid to his majesty's Use Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all, and every Manors, Mefiuages, Lands, and Tenements; and also all Quarries, Mines of Coal, Tin and Lead, Copper, Mundick, Iron, and other Mines; iron mills, Furnaces, and other Ironworks; salt springs, and saltworks; all Allom Mines and Works; all Parks, Chases, Warrens, Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, and all Filhings, Tithes, Tolls, Annuities, and all other yearly Profits; and all Htreditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever they be, situate, lying, and being, happening or arising, within the several and refpeaive Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, or Places aforefa.d refpeaively, or within any Parts of the same, as well within ancient Demesne, and other Liberties and privileged Places, as without, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, or Berwick, as aforesaid;; all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities, and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, having or holding any such Manors, Meflii >0 eba^cd as.es' Eands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other the Premises, in respect thereof hall be charged with Equality with as much Equality and Indifference as is possible, by a pound rate, for or towards the said several ani imiiffersnce^nd refpeaive Sums by this AA fetor imposed, or intended to be fet and imposed, for and upon all and every Inch Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns,, or other Places hereby charged therewith as aforesaid, so

that

Lands, ttfne mems| Mines, flee.

A. D. 1763.' Anno quarto Georgii III C 2. 83

that by the said pates foto be taxed or assessed, for or upon the said ready Money, Debts, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Chatties, or Personal Estates, and for and upon the said Offices and Employments of Profit, and for and upon the Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or yearly Payments aforesaid, and for and upon the said Manors, meftuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and other the Premises, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this present act, the full and entire Sums hereby appointed to be raised in England, ivales, and Berwick as aforesaid, hall be completely and effectually taxed, aflefied, levied, and collected, and shall be paid into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, by four quarterly Payments; the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

V ‘ And whereas many of the Manors, meftuages, Lands Tenements, Tithes, Hereditaments, and C Premises, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, intended by this act to be charged with the ( pound rate as aforesaid, stand encumbered with, or are subject or liable to, the Payment of several Rent ‘ charges or Annuities, or other annual Payments issuing out of the same, or to the Payment of diverse ‘ fee-farm Rents, rent service, or other Rents thereupon reserved or charged, by reason whereof the true ‘ Owners and Proprietors of such Manors, meftuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, do not in ‘ Truth receive to their own Use the true yearly Value of the same, for which nevertheless they are by this ‘ Ad chargeable with a certain pound rate; ' It is therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Landlords, Owners and Proprietors of such Manors, Mef lands, C fub funges, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, m England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweedfjj to kcnn being charged with a pound rate as aforesaid, to abate and deduct, and to detain' and keep in his, her, ort Annul" their Hands, out of every such fee-farm Rent, or other annual Rent or Payment, so much of the said ‘ ' ''

pound rate, which shall be taxed or aflefied upon the said Manors, meftuages, Lands, and Premises, as a like Rate for every such fee-farm Rent, or other annual Rent or Payment respectively, shall, by a just Proportion amount unto, so as such fee-farm Rent, or other annual Rent or Payment respectively, do amount unto twenty Shillings per Annum, or more; and all and every Person or Persons, who are or shall be any ways entitled to such Rents or annual Payments, their respective Auditors, Reeves, Receivers, and their Deputy or Deputies, .are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments, according to such Rates, upon Receipt of the Rcfidue of such Moneys as shall be due and payable to them for such Rents or annual Payments reserved or charged as aforesaid, without any Fee or Charge for such Allowance.

VI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better aflefling, ordering, levying, commissioners of and collecting of the several Sums of Money so as aforesaid, limited and appointed to be raised and paid, in the thc Land Ta aforesaid Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Berwick upon Ttveed, and for the more effectual for the Year putting of this act in execution in reference to the same, all and every the Person and Persons whoI7(53, >toputthjs in and by an act of Parliament made and passed in the second Year of his majesty's Reign, entitled. An Act ln exccuu‘ Act for appointing commijjjoners for putting in execution an Act of this session of Parliament, entitled. An act

for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and by one other act of Parliament made and passed in the third Year of his majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for redlifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners, appointed by an Act made in the last session of Parliament, to put in execution an Act made in the same session, entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the firs mentioned Adito put in execution an Act of this Sefion of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thouj'and seven hundred and sixty three, or by any or either of those acts, were named and appointed Commissioners for putting in execution the same acts, within the several Counties, Cities, Boroughs, cinque ports, Towns, and Places of England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, duly qualifying themselves according to this act in that Behalf, shall be Commissioners for putting in execution, and shall put in execution this present act, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the same Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, cinque ports, Towns and Places respectively.

VII And be it further enacted and declared. That the several Commissioners aforesaid shall meet toge c0mm] fl; 01ra.s(s, gether at the moult usual and common Places of Meeting within each of the said Counties, Ridings, Cities, meeton or before Boroughs, cinque ports, Towns, and Places respectively, within England, Wales, and Berwick uponth-^hdiyof Tweed, for which they are appointed Commissioners as aforesaid, on or before the thirtieth Day of aprilapul ‘l0*' one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and shall meet afterwards in like manner, as often as it shall

be necessary, for putting so much of this act in execution, as is hereby committed to their Care and

Charge; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at such General Meeting or

Meetings, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorised and required to put so much as aforesaid of this

present act in execution, and shall ascertain and set down in Writing the several Proportions which ought

to be charged upon every Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, Ward, or other Diviflon respectively,

within England, Wales, and Berwick npon Tweed, for and towards the railing and making up the whole

Sum before by this act charged upon the whole County, City, or other Places for which they are hereby

appointed Commissioners, by charging in proportion to the Sums which were aflefied on the same Hundreds

or Diviflons respectively, by an actof Parliament made and passed in the fourth Year of the'reign of theiras bv the Aa 4

late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of Blessed Memory, entitled. An Act for granting to their W. km. C 1.

majesties an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France;

and shall also, if they see Cause, subdivide and distribute themselves, and the other Commissioners not t hen and may fubdi

present, into less Numbers, so as three or more of the said Commissioners may be appointed for the ser vide themieins,

vice of each Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, Ward, of other Diviflon, as may belt conduce to the car &£‘

M 2 rying

f C 2. Anno quairto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

rying on his majesty's Services hereby required; nevertheless, not thereby to feftrain the said commissioners, or any of them, fvdili acting as Commissioners in any other Part of the County or Place for which they are appointed.

A List of the VIII And, for the more effectual Performance thereof, Beitenafted and declared. That the Commis commissioneis tofioners at such General Meeting, or the major Part of them then present; ball all'o agree and set down in aa in each Divi Writing, who, and what Number of the said Commissioners Ural! aft in each of the said Divisions or hun fion, to be given^reds, and shall deliver true Copies of such Writings to the receiver-general, to be appointed by his ma general^ecelvcrj eft y, or in pursuance of his Directions, to the end there may be no Failure in any Parc of the due Execution of the Service by this Act required : And the said Commissioners within the several Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, or other Divisions, in England, ivales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause the several Proportions charged on the respective Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, or other Divisions, as aforesaid, for or towards the Aid hereby granted, to be equally taxed and affefied within every such Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape, Ward, or other Division, and within every Parish and Place therein, according to the Commlflirncistobeft of their Judgments and Discretions;; for that End and Purpose to direst their several or joint pre fummonfit Percept or Precepts to such Inhabitants, High Constables, Petty Constables, Bailiffs, and other Officers and Ministers, and such Number of them as they in their Discretions shall think moll convenient, to be pre ai'peatbefore fentors and Assessors, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners, at such Place and Time, them in S Days; not exceeding eight Days after the Date of such Precept, as they shall appoint; and at such their appear anj then to give ances, the said Commissioners, or such of them as shall be then present, shall openly read, or cause to be them a Charge, read unto them, the several Rates, Duties, and Charges in this Act mentioned, and openly declare the Effect of their Charge to them, and how, and in what manner, they should and ought to make their said af feffments, and how they ought to proceed in the Execution of this Act, according to the true Meaning of Perfonsabfent the same. And if any such Constable, Petty Constable, Bailiff, Officer, orminister, or other Inhabitants, ing, or reiufing to whom any Precept shall bedirefted, shall absent themselves without lawful Excuse, to be made out by not^xte'edfn" el[' le Oath of two or more credible Witnesses (which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any two or more of norleisthan40s! them, are hereby empowered to administer) or if any Officer or Person appearing shall refuse to serve;;

every such Officer or Person so making Default, or refusing to serve, shall, for every such Default or Refusal, forfeit or lose to his Mrjesty such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present, or the major Part of them being present, shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum Afftfibrs to be five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings; and at and after such Charge given as aforesaid, the said com atleaft, and tuf missioner shall take care that Warrants be issued, and directed to two at leaf! of the mofl able and fuf f.cientlnhubi ficient Inhabitants of each Parish, Township, or Place, within the respective Divisions thereby appointed, a(teffmentstobere<^u'r'n^ ^lcrn t0 Assessors of all and every the Rates and Sums of Money by this Act imposed; and brought nat j 2^° therein appointing and prefixing a certain Day and Place for the said Assess'ors to appear before them, and Day and place to bring in their Afiefiments in Writing; which said Assess'ors are hereby strictly enjoined and required with pi, six. all Care and Diligence, to assess the full Sum given them in Charge respectively upon all ready Money,

C 1ul1 Sum r Debts, Personal Estates, Offices, Employments, Annuities, and Pensions, chargeable as aforesaid, acto ejr" cording to this Act, and by an equal pound rate upon all Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, and other the Premises, within the Limits, Circuits, and Bounds of the respective Parishes or A Certificate ofp]accs5 for which they shall be appointed Assessors as aforesaid; and shall bring with them at the Time to barouohtin a, K' Place f as aforesaid prefixed for their Appearance, a Certificate in Writing of the said Afflfment, and with the Collett shall then also return the Names of two or more able and fuffieient Persons, living within the Limits and ers Names. Bounds of those Parishes, Townships, Conftablewicks, and Places, where they shall be chargeable respectively, to be Collectors of the Moneys which shall be affefied as aforesaid, and to be paid to his majesty by this Act; for whose paying in to the receiver-general, or his Deputy, in manner herein after mentioned, such Moneys as they shall be chargeable withal, the Parish or place wherein they are so employed shall be answerable: : if any Affeffor so appointed, or to be appointed, shall neglect or refuse to serve, or shall make default at the Time appointed for his Appearance, not having lawful Excuse, to be made out by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses (which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any two or aitfiorr, C more of them, have hereby Power to administerj or shall not perform his Duty; every such Affeffor shall, negl<fling their for every such Neglect, Refusal, or Default, forfeit and lose to his Majesty such Sum as the Commissioners, Duty, to be finedor so many of them as shall be present, or the major Part of them, shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum not above 40i. Of forty Pounds, to be levied by Diffrefs and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chatties, in like manner as by this Act is appointed for levying the several Rates and Afiefiments herein mentioned, in case of Neglect or Refusal of Payment, and to be charged upon the respective Receivers General, together with the said Rates and Affflments. And for completing the whole Sum charged to be raised in England, A fie (Tors to an Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid;; to the end the aforesaid Sums, charged upon the feve

ver one Copy ofral and respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and Places, for or towards the same, the Afiefiments may be duly collected, and true Accounts thereof made, the said Assessors are hereby required to deliver to the commifii one Copy of their respective Afiefiments fairly written, and subscribed by them, unto the said Comrniffi du Vcates there oners> within the Time to be prefixed as aforesaid: : the said Commissioners, or any three or more of nt to be signed, them, are hereby required and ordered to sign and seal two Duplicates of the same Afiefiments; and one e. and one de of them to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to two or more honest and responsible Persons to be Collectors, Jivered to the which the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to nominate and appoint for each Parish or Place, w'ith wfh want ^ to the said Collectors to eolleft the same Afiefiments, payable as aforesaid, so as the said several fbr colleftin*. Sums may be paid to the Receiver Genera! at the respective Times hereby limited : And the said Commiffi commissioners oners are hereby also required, at the same Time, to give the said Collectors Notice at what Time or required to give Times,

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 2, 85

Times, Place or Places, the Appeals of any Person or Persons, who shall think themselves aggrieved by co]!e£tors, Nobeing overrated by the said afteffors, may be heard and determined; which Day or Days of Appeal, foto a^pla e be appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be at least thirty Days from the Time of signing, sealing, thcappealofany and delivering the said Duplicates to the said Collectors; and every such Collector is hereby also required, person who within tendays after the Receipt of such Duplicates from the said Commissioners, to cause public Notice Hull think him to be given in every Parish Church, or Chapel of Ease, belonging to any such Parish, within his district fel_f»ggra*ed, by or Divifbn, immediately after Divine Service on the lord's Day (if any such Divine Service shall be ^"^hvirdand performed therein within that Time) of the Time and Place so appointed by the said Commissioners for ™ermine<h 3 hearing and determining Appeals as aforesaid;; hall also cause the like Notices to be fixed in Writing upon the Door of each of the said respective Parish Churches, or Chapels of Ease, belonging to any such Parishes, on the same Day, that all Persons who shall think themselves overrated may know when and where to make their Appeal to the said Commissioners;; the said Collectors are hereby also required, upon the Application of any Person or Persons who shall think himself or themselves overrated to the said Rates and Assess'ments, to permit such Person or Persons, or their Stewards or Bailiffs, or other proper Representatives, to inspect the Duplicates of such Rates or aftefffnents upon the Division or District of which he is Collector, at all seasonable Times in the Day, without any Fee or Reward for the same; and every Person so intending to appeal to the said Commissioners, shall, and is hereby required to give Notice thereof in Writing to one or more of the A fleflbrs of the Parish wherein he is rated, of such his Intention to appeal, that such Affeffor or afteffors, if they shall think proper, may then and there attend to justify the said afteffment; and it is hereby declared, that all Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part of them then present, on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing Appeals as aforesaid, shall be final, without any further Appeal upon any Pretence whatsoever: And the said Commissioners are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be deli,, be vered, a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, fairly written, containing the deliver, icge whole Sum assessed upon each Parish or Place, and also the Christian Names and Surnames of the refpec there with the tive afteffors and Collectors, unto the receiver-general of each County, Riding, City, Borough, Town, Names of the af and Place refpectiveiy, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or his Deputy; and shall transmit, or ^ cause to be transmitted, a like Schedule or Duplicate into the king's remembrancer's Office of the Ex Receiver gene chequer; and this the said Commissioners shall cause to be done upon or before the eighth Day. of August ralj and one to one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, or within twenty Days after (all Appeals to them being first the rwnem determined) for which Duplicates the Remembrancer or his Deputy, shall give to the Person who brings » office

the same, a Receipt in Writing, gratis, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be recovered to the king'.s 0r 20 dy s'after Use, as other Penalties are by this act recoverable. (ail Appeals fit ft,

determined.) Remembrancer to give Receipts gratis, on Penalty of 10l

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Persons so appointed to be Collectors The Rates to be as aforesaid, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, shall levy and coiled all and every the Rates leviedon thepar and Taxes, so assessed and charged, according to the Intent and Direction of this act; which said Col uesor Premises.. are hereby required to demand all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, which shall he so taxed

and assessed, of the Parties themselves, as the same shall become due, if they can be found, or else at the Place of their last Abode, or upon the Premises charged with the afteffment: And the said several Col WT p3ld to lectors shall collect and levy the said Moneys so charged for his majesty's Use, and are hereby required and nera!, c<&c.ets *" * enjoined to pay unto the Receivers General, or their Deputies, all and every the said Rates and Assessments ' by them refpectiveiy collected and received, at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall appoint; so as the whole Sums due for each quarterly Payment shall be paid or answered by the said Collectors to the Receivers General, or their Deputies refpectiveiy,, upon the Days and at the Times by this act appointed for Payment thereof.

X And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, that the Money received by the The Money co! said Collectors within their relpedtive Divisions or Hundreds, as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, be Iefled t0 befaid duly paid to the receiver-general, or his Deputy or Deputies, to be appointed under his Hand and Seal, qe^rea| <frc<de whereof Notice under the Hand and Seal of the respective Receivers General shall be given to the Commis puties; 'and they fioners, or any two or more of them, within their respective Divisions or Hundreds, as aforeffid, within to give commii ten Days after the next General Meeting, and so, from Time to Time, within ten Days after every Death fioners Notice, or Removal of any Deputy, if any such should happen; and the P, eceipt of such receiver-general, his

Deputy or Deputies, or any of them (which Receipt or Acquittance shall be given gratis to the Collectors for all Money by them paid) shall be a sufficient Discharge to every such Collector; and the particular Collectors aforesaid are hereby required to pay in all and every the Sums so received by them, to the said Re Colkftors not ceivers General, or their Deputy or Deputies; for the Payment whereof the said Collectors shall not be obliged to travel obliged to travel above ten Miles from the Place or Places of their Inhabitations. above To mies

^ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any receiver-general of arry such n™57of°recei County or Place hall die, or be removed, or if any such receiver-general for the last Aid shall not be ap ^rccne wl to be pointed for the present. Notice thereof shall be given by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to notified to the two or more Commissioners acting for each Division in such County or Place before the Time appointed coauniitioneis,. by this act for rhe first quarterly Payment of the Aid hereby granted, and so, from Time to Time, upon the Death or Removal of any such receiver-general; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof, notwithstanding.

XII And be it further enacted, That the Sum of four hundred ninety seven thoufartd four hundred'497>475'. 4s &' seventy five Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, for the first quarterly Payment of the said

L Af Payment, to bec.

2.

Anno quarto gf.orgii III

A. D. 1763.

paid to the Receivers by 24 June 1764.

by 25 1765.

receiver-general ■within a Month after receiving the full Sum charged, to give the Commissioners a Receipt

Pound,

alteltments for England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, Shall be levied, collcfled and paid unto the Receivers General of the said several Counties, Cities and other Places, who shall be appointed as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and the Sum of The second pay four hundred ninety ieven thousand four hundred seventy five Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence men; by Sept. Farthing, for the second Payment of the said quarterly Payments, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of ''G _ September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and the Sum of four hundred ninety seven thousand

The third Pay foul hundred seventy five Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, for the third of the said quar mi nt y 25 ec. tery payments, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty four;

and the Sum of four hundred ninety ieven thousand four hundred seventy five Pounds four Shillings and The latt Payment eight Pence Farthing, for the last of the said quarterly Payments, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March y March one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, in full of the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence.

XIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every receiver-general in England, Wales, and Berwick upontwced, from Time to Time, within the Space of one Month next after he shall have received the full Sum that Shall be charged on any Hundred or Division, for such particular Payment that is to be made to such receiver-general by virtue of this Act, shall give to fttch Commissioners as shall add in such Division or Hundred, a Receipt under his Hand and Seal, acknowledging the Receipt of the.... full Sum charged upon such Hundred or Division for such particular Payments; which Receipt fhrdl be a

luudikliar e for Discharge to each Hundred or Division for such particular Payment, againlb his Majesty, his Heirs Payment. ° and Successors; which said Receivers General are hereby required forthwith, or at farthest within twenty Receivers Gene Days after the Receipt of any Money of the Taxes or Duties by this Act granted, to transmit, or eaufe to ri within 20 be the Money by them received, into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer 5 and the Lords Com monics'into the ni‘^oners f his majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, are hereby autho exchequer. rized to allow to the said receiver-general of each County, Riding, City and Town respectively in Eng rmciver General land, ivalcs, and Berwick upon Tivecd, a Salary for his Pains, not exceeding twopence in the Pound, for allowed 2 d. in so much as he shall pay into the Exchequer, upon the clearing of his Accounts.

the Pound,

Collectors to XIV And be it further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Colleiftors of the have 3 d, in the aforesaid Rates and alteltments in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tiveed, hereby granted, for gathering the particular Sums charged upon the Parish or Place for which they Shall be appointed Collectors hy virtue of this Acl, and for giving Receipts to the Perfoii or Persons of whom they receive the same, shall, upon Colledlion of the whole Sum appointed to be collected by them, and Payment thereof as is thereby before appointed, have and receive for their Pains in collecting and paying the Money threepence in the Pound, which the said Collectors are empowered to detain out of the last Payment of the Moneys of their several and respective quarterly Payments; and the said receiver-general, upoo the Receipt of the whole aflelt ments of the County, Riding, City or Town, for which he is appointed receiver-general (in case he Shall have received the several Duplicates of each Parish and Place therein, and that Duplicates Shall be returned to the Office of his majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, and not otherwise) Shall allow and pay according to such Warrant as Shall be given in that Behalf by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, three Halfpence in the Pound, and no more, for the Commissioners Clerks, for their Pains in fair writing the aifdlrnents, Duplicates and Copies herein before direcsled, and all Warrants, Orders and lnftrucftions relating thereunto.

XV And be it further enacted and declared, That if anvperfon Shall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, whereat he or she Shall be rated or assessed in England, ivalcs, or Berwick upon Tweed., by this at, upon Demand, by the said Collector or Collectors of that Place, according to the Precepts or Eftreats to him or them delivered by the said Commissioners, that then, and in all and every such Case and Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collectors, or any of them, and they are hereby authorised and required to levy the Sum affefied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person so neglecting or refusing to pay, ordiftrain upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Premiflcs, so charged, with any such Sum cr Sums of Money; and the Goods and Chattels then and there found, and the Distress

the'owner'ss at ^ taken, to keep hythe Space of four Days, at the Coils and Charges of the Owners; and if the said Char: -' -- "then Owners do not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so rated or assessed within the said Space of four Days, appraifej and then the said Distress to be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants where the same shall be taken, or tola, and Over other sufficient Persons, and to be sold by the said Collectors for Payment of the said Money; and the Overplus returned, pus coming by such Sale (if any be) over and above the Tax and Charge of taking; and keeping the said Distress, to be immediately returned to the Owners thereof; and moreover, that it shall be lawful to break open in the daytime any House, and, upon Warrant under the Planets and Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners, any Chest, Trunk, Box, or otherthing, where any such Goods are, calling to their Aftiftance the Constables, Tythingmen or Headboroughs within the Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns or Places where any Refusal orneglect shall be made; which said Officers are hereby required to be aiding Commissioners and assisting in the Premises, as they will answer the contrary at their Perils; and il any Question or Differ ene'es^fc ^^^"erence shall happen upon taking such Distress, the same Shall be determined and ended by the said Com diftreb.3 Ut missioner, or any two or more of them; and if any Person or Persons assessed by this act in England, Wales, For want of DU or Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their Afleffinent by the Space ft refs, Offender of ten Days after Demand as aforesaid, or convey any of his, her or their Goods, or other Personal Estate, may be commit whereby the Sums of Money so assessed cannot he levied according to this act; in every such Case, any peer or feerefs^f two or more of the Commissioners aforesaid, for any City, County or Place, are hereby authorised, by Great Britain) Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons (except a Peer or Peeress of Great .■ ■!. Britain)

Commiflicners Clerks to have three Halfpence in the Pound.

collectors may levy by Diftrels, in case of Refusal of Payment.

Distress to be

A. D, 1763,

Anno

quarto

Georgii III

C

2.

8 7

Britain) to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment be made of the Money assessed, and the Charges for bringing in the same be paid, and no longer: And the several and re fpecfive Tenant and Tenants of all Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in England', ivalcs, or Berwick upon Tweed, which hall be rated by virtue of this act, are hereby required and authorised to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as hall be rated upon such Houses, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and to dedur out of the Rent so much of the said Rate, as in respect of the said Rents of any such Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, the Landlord should and ought to pay and bear: And the said Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of the Rents.

XVI And be it enabled and declared, T hat everytenant, paying the said Assessment or Assessments last mentioned, hall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Assessment or afteffments shall amount unto, as if the same had actually been paid unto such Person or Persons, to whom his rent'shall have been due and payable : And if any Difference hall arise between Landlord and Tenant, or any other, concerning the said.rates in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the said several Commissioners, or any two or more of them, in their several Divisions, hall have, and they have hereby Power to settle the same, as they hall think fit; and in case the Proportions fet by this or any former Ad upon all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns and Places in England, Wales, and Berwick upontiveed, shall not be fully assessed, levied and paid, according to the true Meaning thereof; or if any of the said assessments shall be rated or imposed upon any Person not being of Ability to pay the same, or upon any empty or void House or Land, where the same cannot be collected or levied, or that through any Wilfulness, Neglect, Mistake or Accident, the said Assessment charged on each County, Riding, City, Town or Place, as aforesaid, by virtue of this or any former Ad, happens not to be paid to the receiver-general, his Deputy or Deputies, as in this or any former Ad is directed; that then, and in all and every such Case and Cases, the several and respective Commissioners, Assessors and Collectors aforesaid, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorised and required to assess and re assess, or cause to be assessed or re affefied, levied and paid, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, upon the respective Divisions or Hundreds wherein such Deficiency hall happen, or Parishes therein, as to the said Commissioners, or such Number of them, as by this Act are authorised to cause the said first Assessment hereby required to be made, shall seem most agreeable to Equity and Justice; the said new Assessment to be made, collected and paid in such. Manner, and by such Means, as in this Act for other Assessments is declared and directed.

XVII And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Affeffor or col lector, or other Person or Persons, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his or their Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this present Ad, or hall be guilty of any Fraud or Abuse in executing the same, the said respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them, have hereby Power to impoie on such Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing his or their Duties, or being guilty of such Fraud or Abuse, such Fine or Fines as by them shall be thought fit, so the same exceed not the Sum of forty Pounds; which said Fines hall not be taken oft' or discharged, but by the Consent of the Majority of the Commissioners who imposed the same, but shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offenders, and in default of Goods and Chattels, the Offender (not being a Peer or Peercfs, as aforesaid) to be committed by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, to Prison, cheer to remain till Payment of the said Fine; and all Fines to be imposed by virtue of this at in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be paid to the Receivers General, and by them into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer; and hall be inferred in the Duplicates in Parchment fairly written, to be transmitted to the Office of the king's Remembrancer as aforesaid, that the same may be thereby known, and charged in Account.

XVIII And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Collector or Collectors, that hall be, by virtue of this Act, appointed for the Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be assessed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, hall refuse or neglect to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, which final] be by him or them received, as aforesaid, and to pay the same as in this act is directed, or hall detain in his or their Hands any Money received by him or them, or any of them, and not pay the same, as by this at is directed; the said Commissioners of each County, City, Riding or Town respectively, or any two or more of them, in their respective Divisions, are hereby authorised and empowered to imprison the Person, and seize and secure the Estate, as well Freehold as Copyhold, and all other Rate, both Real and Personal, of such Collector, to him belonging, or which hall defeend or come into the Hands or Pofllffion of his Heirs, Executors or Adminifirators, wheresoever th: same can be discovered or found; and the said Commissioners, who hall so seize or secure the Estate of any Collector or Collectors, shall be and are hereby empowered to appoint a Time for a General Meeting of the said Commissioners for such County, Riding, City, Town or Place, and there to cause public Notice to be given of the Place where j'uch Meeting hall be appointed, six Days at least before such General Meeting; and the Commissioners present at such General Meeting, or the major Part of them, in case the Moneys detained by any such coliector or Collectors be not paid and satisfied as it ought to be, according to the Directions of this act, hall be and are hereby empowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates, which shall be, for the Cause aforesaid, seized and secured, or any Part of them, to satisfy and pay into the Hands of the receiver-general, or his Deputy for such County, Riding or Place, the Sum which hall be detained in the Hands of such Collector, or Collectors, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators respectively.

XIX And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That at the Expiration of the respective Times in this act prescribed for the full Payment of the said quarterly Assessments in England, Wales, and Berwick

4, upon.

Tenants to pay the Tax,

and dedufb so muli out of the Rent?.

Tenants discharged for what they so pay.

Commissioners to settle Differences between Landlord and Tenant.

Commissioners to cause all Deficiencies to be ie affefied, and mad good.

Affeffor refusing to serve, to forfeit, not exceeding 40 L

Fine not to be discharged but by Commissioners who imposed it 3 and levied by Difirefs or Imprison men t, and paid into the Exchequer, and inserted in the Duplicates.

Collectors detaining the Mo neyi to be imprisoned, their Estates seized and. sold, C

83

C 2. Anno quarto Georgii III A. u. 1703.

upon ‘tweed, the several and respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them, within their Division or Hundred, hall and are hereby required to call before them the Collectors within each respective Division or Hundred, Parish or Place, and to examine and affine themselves of the full and whole Payment of the particular Sum and Sums of Money charged upon the same Division or Hundred, and every Parish and Place therein, and of. the due Return of the same into the Hands of the respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, of the said Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns atfd Places refpedtivcjy, and by such Receivers General into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer; to the End there may be no Failure in the Payment of any Part of the Afiefl'ment by virtue of this Act to be afteffid and paid, nor any Arrears remaining chargeable upon any of the said Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns and Places respectively; and in case of any Failure in the premisses, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be forthwith levied and paid, according to the true Intent ana Meaning of this Act.

XX And it is herebyenadted and declared. That in case any Controversy hall arise concerning the aid Aftefiments, or the dividing, apportioning, or Payment thereof, which concerns any of the Commissioners before by this Act appointej, the Commissioners so concerned in the said Controversy, in their own Right, or in the Right of any other Perfori for whom they shall act as Steward, Agent, Attorney or Solicitor, jthall have no Voice, but shall withdraw at the Time of the Debate of such Controversy, until it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners; and in default thereof the Commissioners then present shall have Power, and are hereby required to impose such Fine or Fines, as to them shall be thought fit, upon such commissioner so refuftng to withdraw, not exceeding twenty Pounds, and to cause the same to be levied and paid, as other Fines to be imposed by virtue of this Add are to be levied and paid; and all Questions and Differences which shall arise touching any of the said Rates, Duties and Assessments in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or the collecting thereof, shall be heard and finally determined by the said Commissioners, in such manner as by this Act is directed, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Person or Persons thereby grieved, without further Trouble, or Suit in Law, in his majesty's Court of king's Bench, or any other Court whatsoever.

XXI And be it further enacted and declared, That no privileged Place or Person, Body Politic orcor porate, within the Counties, Ridings, Cities and Towns aforesaid, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be exempted from the said Aflefirncnt and Taxes; but that they and every of them, and also all fee-farm Rents, and all other Rents, Payments, Sum and Sums of Money, and Annuities, iftuingout of or payable for any Lands, shall be liable towards the Payment of every Sum by this Adito he taxed and levied; and all such Tenants are hereby directed and authorised to pay them proportionabl/, according to the Rates and Assessments by this Act directed and appointed; and all such Tenants sir all he hereby saved.. kept harmless, by the Authority of this Act, from any further Payment of any such Proportion of such Rent, Rents, Sums of Money or Annuities, to any Person or Persons to whom any such Rent, Rents, Sums of Money or Annuities, as aforesaid, should or ought to he paid, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and amply as if they had paid the same to any Person or Persons, to whom the same is or are reserved, or become due.

XXII Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge any College or Hall in either of the twouniverfities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the Colleges of Windsor, Eaton, jvinton or tfejisninjler, or the Corporation of the Governors of the "Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, or the College of Bromley, or any Hospital in England, Wales, on Berwick upon Tweed, for or in respect of the Sites of the said Colleges, Halls or Hospitals, or any of the Buildings within the Walls or Limits of the said Colleges, Halls or Hospitals;; any Matter, Fellow, or Scholar or Exhibitioner of any such College or Hall, or any Reader, Officer, or Matter of the said Universities, Colleges or Halls, or any Matters or Uthers of any Schools in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in respect of any Stipend, Wages, Rents, Profits or Exhibitions whatsoever, arising or growing due to them, in respect of the said several Places or Employments in the said Universities, Colleges or Schools; or to charge any of the Houses or Lands, which on or before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred and ninety three did belong to the Sites of any College or Hall in England, Wales, os Berwick upon Tweed, or to chrijl's Hospital, Saint Bartholomew, Bricktuell, Saint Thomas, and Bethlehem Hospitals, in the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or any of them; or to the said Corporation of the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, or the College of Bromley, or hall extend to charge any other Hospitals or alms houses in England, Wales, or Berwick upontivced, for or in respect only of any Rents or Revenues, which on or before the said five and twentieth Day of March, one thousand six hundred and ninety three were payable to the said Hospitals or alms houses, being to he received and disbursed for the immediate Ufc and Relief of the Poor of the Laid Hospitals and alms houses only.

XXIII Provided, That no Tenants, that hold and enjoy any Lands or Houses by Lease or other Grant from the said Corporation, or any of the said Hospitals or alms houses, do claim or enjoy any Freedom, Exemption or Advantage by this Act; but that all the Houses and Lands, which they so hold, shall be rated and aflefted for so much as they are yearly worth, over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Corporation, or to the said Hospitals or alms houses, to be received and disbursed for the imme -- diate Support and Relief of the Poor of the said Hospitals and alms houfss.

XXIV Provided always. That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or taken to discharge any Tenant of any the Houses or Lands belonging to the said Colleges, Halls or Hospitals, alms houses or Schools, or any cf them, who by their Leases, or other Contradts, are and do stand obliged to pay and discharge all Rates, Taxes and Impositions whatsoever; but that they, and every of them, shall be rated,

and

A. D. 176

Commissioners to examine whether the Some? aftefled be duly collected, C

In case of Centro verfies in assessing Commissioners, thecom miliioners concerned to withdraw.

In Default to be fined, not above 301.

No privileged Place or Person exempt from this Tax.

I ee .farm Rents, C to be taxed. Tenants to pay the Rates.

Colleges, C in the Universities, C not chargeable;

Nor the Houses or Lands which before the 25th of March 1693, did belong to christ's Hospital, C

Nor Corporation of Clergymens Sons, Bromley College, or any other Hospital.

No Tenants of 'Hospitals, C to claim any Exemption.

Such Tenants rot discharged, who by Leases are obliged to .pay Taxes

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 2.

89

and pay all such Rates, Taxes and Impositions; anything in this Act contained to the contrary not with llanding.

4 XXV And in case any Question hath been, or shall be made, how far any Lands or Tenements be Commissionersto 4 longing to any Hospital or Alms haute in England, tfales$ or Berwick upon Tweed., not exempted by Name Elands h&c ‘ out of this Act, ought to be assessed and charged to the Land Tax Be it enacted and declared. That helonging'to oath same shall be determined by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the major Part fj itais, C not of them then present, upon Appeal before them at the Day or Days by them appointed for the hearing and exempted by determining of Appeals; wliofe Determination in such Case shall be final. ^anac> 0l!|ht t0

XXVI Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all such Lands, Revenues or Rents, belong e 4 "rse * ing to any Hospital or alms house, or settled to any charitable or pious Use, as were assessed in the fourth All Hospital?, Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King william and Queen Mary, shall be and are hereby adjudged Lends, cat. to be liable to be charged towards the Payment of this present Aid; and that no other Lands, Tenements ^ {jje

or Hereditaments, Revenues or Rents whatsoever, then belonging to any Hospital or alms house, or settled this Aid, and no to any charitable or pious Uses, as aforesaid, shall be charged, taxed or assessed by virtue of this present Act, other, towards the said Sum to be raised in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Auditors, Reeves, Receivers, and their Dc receiversoffce puties, who audit or receive any fee-farm Rents, or other chief Rents (arising in England, Wales, or Berwick

upontweed) due to his Majesty, or to any Person or Persons claiming by any Grant or Purchase from pur, 'to he

or under the Crown, shall allow four Shillings for every Pound of the said Rents, and a proportional Rate Parties, without

for any greater Sum than ten Shillings, to the Party or Parties paying the same, without any Fee for such Fee, 0, 1 1>enalt?

Allowance, upon the Penalty of twenty Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered by Action of Debt, 01 '•

or upon the Case, together with full Costs of Suit; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof

in any wise no.withstanding. And if any such Auditor of the Revenues, or any of them, belonging to his Auditors, fire.

Majesty, or any Deputy, or any other Person acting for or on the Behalf of any such Auditor, shall, in, ^4*4 for what

the Account of any Reeve, Receiver, or otherwise, let insuper any Tenant or other Person, or make any o '/tj to be ai

such Tenant or other Peifon, or his or their Estate, liable to any Distress, Forfeiture or Vexation whatfo lowed, or refuting

ever, for any Sum or Sums of Money, which, by the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, ought to be Allowance,

allowed after the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound, or shall refuse, neglect, or delay to allow, and finally

discharge the same in the proper Accounts wherein the same ought to be allowed and difebarged; that then,

and for every or any such Offence, every such Auditor or Deputy, or Person acting for such Auditor, shall

forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to the Party grieved, to be recovered as aforesaid, and shall be into forfeit iool.

capable to enjoy his Office or Place, or any Office or Place of Trust under his Majesty.

XXVIII And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the fee-farm Rents, Such fee-farm

for which a Deduction or Allowance, after the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound, is intended to be made "\ilcw

by this present Aft, are such fee-farm Rents only, as are answerable to his Majesty, or have been pur,, 0f4s.p'per chased from the Crown bjr virtue of two Acts of Parliament made in the two and twentieth and three and Pound, asarean twentieth Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, for and concerning the Sale of Fee fwerable to the farm Rents, or one of them, and which were not, 011 or before the five and twentieth pay of March one Crown, or were thousand six hundred and ninety three, payable to any College, Hospital.. in either University, or fordln^'to any other Person or Persons before exempted by this Act; provided such Deduction or Allowance do not 23 Car. z exceed the Sum assessed by virtue of this Act, upon the whole Estate or Estates, out of which such purchased

fee-farm Rent or Rents doth or do issue; and the Owners and Receivers of such fee-farm Rents The Owners to shall and are hereby required, on Payment of such Rents, to allow four Shillings for .every twenty Shil allow the same lings of the said Rents, and foin proportion for any Sum not less than ten Shillings, to the Party or Par t0 p'‘rcy ties paying the same; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. pajmg

XXIX And be it enacted, That the Officers in the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, and in other llffpofpenfions, the public Offices, upon Request to them made by the respective Assessors, shall deliver gratis true Lists t0

of Accounts of all Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or other annual Payments, and of all Fees, Salaries, n^afitffors L

and other Allowances, payable at the said Receipt, or in the said public Offices, to any Commissioner or

Commissioners, Officer or Officers, for the Execution of this Act, for the better Guidance of the said

Assessors in the charging of the same. And that in all Cases where any Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, or Taon Pen

other yearly Payments, or the Fees, Salaries, Wages, or other Allowances or Profits charged by this Act,

shall be payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or by the Cofferer of his majesty's Houlhold, or out of the£*uhe -- -

any other public Office, or by any of his majesty's Receivers or Paymasters in England, Wales, or Ber quel.

wick upon Tweed, the Tax or Payment, which in pursuance of this Act shall be charged for or in respect

of such Annuities, Pensions, Stipends, Sees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits, shall and may (in case

of nonpayment thereof) be detained and stopped out of the same, or out of any Money which shall be paid

upon such Pensions, Annuities, Stipends, Sees, Salaries, Wages, Allowances or Profits, or for Arrears

thereof, and be applied to the Satisfaction of the Rates and Duties not otherwise paid as aforesaid;;

the proper Officers in the said Exchequer, and other the public Offices aforesaid, shall keep true Accounts A true Account

of all Moneys stopped, and (upon Request) shall give Copies of such Accounts to the proper Collectors oftobe, tepr°f tyre

such Moneys, for the respective Parishes or Places where the said Moneys are assessed by this Act. Money stopped.

XXX Provided, That where any Person inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Persons to be Town Corporate of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, hath his dwelling house in one of the Pa taxed in the Parishes or Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes in anyone or more of the other "*cj'(here they Parishes or Wards within the same, that then such Person Shall be taxed, charged and assessed for such bis ‘ *

Vol. IX N Goods

r

9o

C 2.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

No Proviso to lessen the full

Goods and Merchandizes, in the Parish or Ward where he dvvellcth, and not elsewhere, within the said City or Town Corporate.

XXXI Provided nevertheless, That no Clause or Proviso in this act shall extend to the Lessening or Abatement of the full Sum appointed by this Adito be taxed, collected, levied and paid, but that the same

s0tbiy -- hd‘aipcfl'ed, levied, collected and paid in the Several and respective Counties, Cities and 'I'owns afore to e evie. faids in England, jvales, and Bcrivick upontweed, in such Manner and Form, and to fuchufes, as herein is before mentioned and declared.

XXXII Provided, That nothing in thisadt contained Shall be construed to alter, change or determine, or make void any Contrails, Covenants or Agreements whatsoever between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Persons, touching the Payment of'faxes and Affcffments in England, jvales, and Berwick upontweed,

contracts between Landlord nnd Tenant,

touching Taxes, _,

not to be avoided, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

All Places to pay xxxlll. Provided always, and be it further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That for

whore usually C _ _ - 11 r LI nr _.1 t... • - rr.. - 1 11 0 * 1 n 1 1 a r.. » ... 1

a i lofted.

the avoiding all obstructions and Delays in alleging and collecting the Sums by this Ait to be rated and aifefled upon any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, or other Hereditaments, all Places, con ftablewicks, Divisions and Allotments, which have been used to be taxed and altcffed, shall pay and be aifefled in such County, Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Conftablewick, Division, or Place of Allotment within England, I Vales, and Berwick upon Ewccd, as the same have heretofore been usually a lie fled in, and not elsewhere.

Wert Bamfieldto XXXIV Provided nevertheless, That the Hundred of West Barnfield, formerly taxed or assessed in the be affefied m the Lathe of Ale ford in the County of Kent, may for the future (if the Commissioners think fit) be rated and com'kent.afield in the Lathe of Skray in the County aforesaid; as likewise may the Tything of Northrnore in the Northmore, ' in County of Oxford be assessed in the Hundred of Bampton in the said County; and the Tythings of Chari co'ox.bamptoi]. bury. Salter and Finjlock, in the Hundred of Chadlington in the said County; as also the whole Town and Charlbary, C panfly of Leeds in the County of York, in the Hundred of Skyraek in the said County; and the Parish of leerls^com'e Ombcrjley in the County of II 'orctfltr, in the lower Division of Oftvaldftow Hundred "in the said, County; bo), in Skyraek. and the Parish of Aldemafton, in the Eastern Division of Oftvaldftow Hundred in the said County; and the Omberfley, com'parish of Yardley in Bromsgrove Division of Halfjhire Plundred in the said County; and the'forest of Wore, inorwald Chute shall be assessed and pay where the same was assessed to the first Aid of four Shillings in the Pound

How Hundred. granted to their late Majesties King ifilftam and Queen Mary; and that the Parish of Upton upon Severn, olwaldflow'hd. in the County of Worcester, formerly taxed and allefled in the lower Division of' Ofivaldflow Hundred in

Aldemafton, in

Pirifhofyavdley, the said County, may for the future, if the Commissioners think fit, be taxed and allefled in the lower m hlltfl.iie Hd. Division of Perjhore Hundred in the said County; and also the Profits of the Navigation of the Rivers Forea of Chute, Colder and ftyre, in the Well Riding of the County of York, fltall be afiefted and paid, one Moiety aid'waswefted."thereof at the Town of Wakefield, and the other Moiety at the Town of Leeds, and not else per. ' where.

Calder and Air, at Wakefield and Leeds.

Upton ftiore Hundred.

C XXXV And whereas the Palace of Somerset House has been usually rated and altefied within the ‘ Liberty of the Duchy of Lancqftcr, in the Strand, but the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Apartments ‘ and Buildings within and belonging to the said Palace, have evaded or reful'ed the Payment of the said ‘ Rates, to the Prejudice of the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Buildings within the said Liberty; 7 inhabitants of Now it is hereby enabled and declared, That all and every the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Apartments sn^somerfet *6, an Buildings within and belonging to the said Palace, shall be liable to and chargeable with the Payment House, to be af f such Rates and Assessments as shall be let upon them respectively, in proportion to the Rates and af fcffed in the same feflments that shall be made and afiefted upon other the Lands and Buildings within the said Liberty, and Proportion with that the same Powers and Remedies shall be made use of for the aflefllng, levying and collecting such Rates tholemlancafteranc] afteltments, as are by this act given for the assessing, levying and collecting the Rates and Duties Llbert^ thereby direfled to be raised. _

XXXVI And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action, Plaint, Suit or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they do in pursuance or execution of this Act, in England, jvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, such Person or Persons, so sued General Issue. in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General issue, Not Guilty; and upon Issue joined, may give this act, and the Special Matter, "in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become non ' luit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a verdict pass against him, the De treble Colls. fendants shall recover treble Colts, for which they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases where Colts by Law are given to Defendants.

where Lands, XXXVII Provided always, and be it enacted. That in case any Lands or Houses in any Parish, Place 'antn^di" or Conftablewick, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be unoccupied, and no Distress can be dteisfound°col found on the same, by reason.whereof the said Parish, Place or Conftablewick is forced to pay and make leflors may di good the Tax assessed upon such Lands lying unoccupied; that then it shall and may he lawful at any Grain at any Time after, for the Collectors, Constables, or Tythingmen of the said Parish, Place or Conftablewick, Tor ' lime after. the Time being, to enter and distrain upon the Lands or Houses, where there shall be any Distresses thereupon to be found; and the Distress and Distresses (if not redeemed within four Days by Payment of the Tax and Charge of the Distress) to sell, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Distress; nnd the said Collector, Constable or Tythingman, is hereby enjoined to distribute the Money raised by the said Distress and Sale, proportionably, to the Parties who contributed to the Tax of the unoccupied Lands or Houses.

XXXVIII

A. D. 1763.

Anno quarto Georgii III

C

91

XXXVIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Wood Lands in England, Wales, or Wood may Be cut Berwick upon Tweed, Shall be assessed, and no Distress can be had, that in such Case it shall and may be lawful

to and for any Collector, Conllable, Headborough or Tythingman, by Warrant under the Hands and 1 * Ie J Seals of two or more of the Commiilioners of that Hundred ordivifion, at seasonable Times of the Year, to cut and fell to any Person or Persons so much of the Wood growing on the said Wood Lands so assessed (Timber Trees excepted) as shall pay the aitefl'ment or Affeflinems so behind and unpaid, and the Charge (Timber Trcea incident thereunto; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons, and his or their Assigns, excepted.) to whom such Wood shall be sold, to sell, cut down, dispose, and carry away the same to his own Use, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Tax or afteffment shall be Tithes, Tells,

charged or laid on any Tithes, such Tolls as are chargeable by this Add, Profits of Markets, Fairs or c .notr)paid, Fisheries, or any other annual Profits, in England, ivales, or Berwick upon Tweed, not diflrainable, in ", C

case the same shall not be paid within six Days after such afteffment so charged or laid, or demanded, that mny be seized it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Collector, Constable, or other Officer thereunto appointed, by and sold. Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the Commissioners authorised by this Act, to

seize, take and fell so much of the said Tithes, wheresoever.tbey can be found. Tolls, or other Profits, so charged, as shall be fuffieient for the levying the said Tax or afteffment, and all the Charges occasioned by such Nonpayment thereof, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner.

‘ XL And, for the better preventing such unjust Vexations as might be occasioned by such Persons as 4 shall be appointed Receivers General of any of the Sums of Money granted by this Act, to be raised in ‘ England, ivales, or Berwick upontweed; and to the Intent the said Receivers General may return a true ‘ Account into his majesty's Court of Exchequer, of any Sum or Sums of Money as shall be received by ‘ them, and every of them, their and every of their Deputy or Deputies Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such receiver-general shall return, or certify into the said Court, any Sum or Sums receivergcneral of money to be in Arrear, and unpaid, after the same have been received, either by such receiver-general, returning per or his Deputy or Deputies,, or any of them, or shall cause any Person or Persons, or Places, to be fet in f; d'the taitro riper, in the said Court, for any Sum or Sums of Money that have been so received; that then every such; n Arre**' 'receiver-general shall he liable to pay to every Person or Persons that shall be molested, vexed or damaged, forfeit treble by rerrfon of any such unjust Certificate, Return, or setting insuper, treble the Damage that shall be thereby Damages to the occasioned, to be recovered byaftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information; in which no Effoin, Protec at grieved, ■ tion orwagerof Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; and shall also forfeit to his and to his mi majesty, his Heirs and Sueceffors, double the Sum that shall be so unjustly certified or returned, or eaufed t!oul)!c the to be fet insuper.. Sum so returned.

XLI And he it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Commissioners that shall be within Commissioners to any County, City or Plaee, within the respective Limits of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or the th Af major Part of them, shall tax and assess every Affeffor within their Divisions, for all and singular the Mati "‘, rs' ters and I hings for which by this Act he ought to be taxed and assessed;; all Sums assessed upon every the said Assessors, and the Assessments made and fet by the Assessors aforesaid, shall be written, eftreated, levied and gathered, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XLII Provided also. That no Person inhabiting in any City, Borough or Town Corporate, in England, None compelled If'ales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be compelled to be an Affeffor or Collector of or for any Part of the to b; air.tors out Rates and Afleflinents hereby granted, in any Place or Places out of the Limits of the said City, Borough ot,

or Town Corporate. ^c‘

XLIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Rate, Tax and afteffment, which shall be made Aft; Aments on or imposed by virtue of this Act, in respect of any House or Tenement which an Ambassador, Resident, foreign Minirters Agent, or other public Minister of any foreign Prince or State, now doth or hereafter shall inhabit or t0 pild occupy, shall 'be paid by the Landlord or Owner of the said Houses or Tenements respectively.

XLIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all privileged and other Places, rn Places extra being extra parochial, or not within the Conftablewieks or Precincts of the respective Assessors, to be ap parochial, com pointed by virtue of this Act, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed (although in any monthly or m!fl5cners !° n other Tax they have not been rated heretofore) and in all Parishes where two able and fuffieient Inhabi ^coucrtors' 3, tants cannot be found, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall and they are hereby C '

required to nominate and appoint two or more fit Persons, living in or near the said privileged or other Places as aforesaid, to be afieftors for the Lid Places, and to make and return the said Assessments, in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any Parish, Tything or Place; and also to appoint two or more Collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the same in manner appointed by this Act for the collecting and paying all the aforesaid Sums of Money chargeable by this Act.

XLV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, nocommission afleffor or Collector, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, in England, Wales, or Berwick ahcrpenu'] upon Tweed, shall be liable, for or by reason of such Execution, to any Penalty or Penalties, other than tics than foehns such as by this Act are or may be inflicted for or by reason of such Execution. are infiidled by

XLVI Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable, in England, Wales, or Ber this wick upon Tweed, of acting asa Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or executing any the Powers Commissioner therein contained (unless it be the Power hereby given of administering Oaths) until, such Time as he shall not <° y have taken the Oaths appointed by the Act of Parliament made in the firftyearof the Reign of his late 03^ bri Geo. Majesty King George the First (entitled. An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person and Govern, 1. a C ment and the Succejjion of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Plot fonts; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open andfecret Abetters); which Oaths it shall and

N 2 " may • •

C 2. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

may be lawful for any two or more of the Commissioners to administer, and they are hereby required to administer the same to any other of the said Commissioners.

.Acting before XLVII Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person hereby appointed a Commissioner for Oaihs taken, any County, City, Town or Place, in England, tvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall presume to act as a

or.eit co. Commilnoner in the Execution of this Act, before, he shall have taken' the Oaths which by this Act he is

required to take, and in manner hereby prescribed, he shall forfeit to his.majesty the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

Officers to pny XLVIII Provided also, That every Person in England, jvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, rated or aftcffed where employed, for his Office or Employment, shall be rated and pay for his said Office or Employment in the County, City or Place, where the same shall be exercised, although the Revenue or Profits arising by such Office or Employment are payable elsewhere.

Officersin chan XLIX Provided always, 'T hat the Right Plonourable the Master of the Rolls, the Masters in Chancery, eery to be afiefled Six Clerks, Clerks of the Petty Bag, Examiners, Registers, Clerks of the Inrolments, Clerks of the Affi

Libert rau davit Subpoena Offices, and all other the Officers of the Court of Chancery, that execute their Offices

within the Liberty of the Rolls, shall there be afiefled for their respective Offices, Salaries, and other Pro annuities where sits, and not elsewhere; and that all Annuities,, Stipends and Pensions, payable to any Officers in respect riated of their Offices, shall be taxed and afiefled where such Officers are rated and afiefled for their Offices, .and

pcn/ions, where not e]fewhere; and that all other Pensions, Stipends and Annuities, in England, ivales, and Berwick upon, e' e Tweed, not charged upon Lands, shall be charged and afiefled in the Parishes or Places where they are wherepeiffinfre Payable; and every Person who is or shall be rated in England, jvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for or in re iicient, ca spect of any perfonaj Estate to him or her any ways belonging, shall be rated at such Place where he or ptrfon's not she shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act; and all Persons not being Houfholders, Houffioiders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be taxed at the Place where they shall be resident at the Time ie Execution of this Act; and if any Person who ought to be taxed in England, jvales, or Berwick upon to berated vvhere Tweed, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his Personal Estate, shall, at the Time of his afteflment, they were hit " be out of the Realm, such Person shall be rated therefore in such County, City or Place, where he was'laft resident. abiding within this Realm.

Gonds, C to te L Provided, That where any Person shall have any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, in any County or a&ficd where Counties, other than the County where he shall be resident, or had his last Residence, it shall be lawful at a "• any Time before the twenty-fourth Day of augu/l one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, to rate and assess such Person for such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, in any County or Counties where the same shall be; and every Person who shall be rated and afiefled for or in respect of any Manors, Messuages, Lands or Tenements, or other the Premises, according to the former Clauses of this Act, shall be rated and afiefled in the Places where such Manors, Messuages, Lands and Tenements, and other the Premises respectively do lie, and not elsewhere. rated^difcha^cd LI Provided always, That if any Person or Persons, by reason of his, her or their having several Man

on Certificated fion houses, or Places of Residence, or otherwise, shall be doubly charged for any Personal Estate, Offices, or otherwise, hv occasion of this Act; then upon Certificate made by any two or more of the Commissioners for the County, Riding, City or Place, of his, her or their last personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or them (which Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby required to give without Delay, See or Reward) and upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the said Certificates shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of the Peace is hereby authorised and required to administer) then the Person or Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be so certified, be discharged in every other County", City or Place in England, jvales, os Berwick upon Tweed.

sc°rla°nfi*irel^nd LII Provided also, That this Act shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, ‘jerfey or jerfty^i guern Guernsey, for assessing any such Personal Estate, which they, or any to their Use, have, within those Places, iey. for or towards the said Sum hereby charged upon England, jvales, and Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid;;

avoiding and if any Person that ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, in England, jvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the Tax, charged for or in respect of his Personal Estate, shall, by changing his Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and.not be taxed, and the same be proved before the Commissioners, or any two or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where such Person dwelleth or refideth, at any Time within one Year next after such Tax made, every Person that. shall so escape from the Taxation and Payment, shall be charged (upon Proof thereof) at treble the Value of so much as he ftiould or ought to have been charged at by this Act; the said treble Value, upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners, Justice or Justices (before whom such Proof shall be made) to be levied on the Goods, Lands and Hereditaments of such Persons.

LIII And, for the better Discovery of Personal Estates intended to be charged by.this Act, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Houfholder in England, jvales, os Berwick upon Tweed, shall, upon Demand of the Alfeflbrs of the respective Parishes or Places, give an Account of the Names and Qualities of such Persons as shall sojourn or lodge in their respective Houses, under the Penalty of forfeiting to his Majesty the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as any other Penalty in this Act mentioned shall and may be levied and recovered.

LIV And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons having any Share or Shares, or Interest, in any fresh Stream or running Water brought to the North Parts of London, commonly called the New River, os in the Thames waterworks, or in mary bone, or in Ha'mpjlead Waterworks, or in any Rents or Profits arising thereby; and all and every Person os Persons having any Share or Interest in any Office or Stock for insuring of Houses in case of Fire, or .in any Lights, or in the Stock or 3 Stocks

Houfholders to give an Account f their Lodgers,

on Forfeiture of

si.

Shares in the New River, C to pay 4 s. per Pound.

Shares in the Fiie Offices, and in the Lights,

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 2. 93

Stocks for printing of Books in or belonging to the House commonly called The King's Printing House, and the king's shall pay for the same the Sum of four Shillings for every twenty Shillings of the full yearly Value there i>nnting'houfc of, towards the said Sum hereby charged upon England, tkales, and Berwick upon Tweed, and they, and p 4s'ptr all Companies of Merchants in London, and the Bank of England, and all Salaries and Pensions (taxable in Merchants, London) arising and payable at the General Post offiee and Excise office, charged by this Act, shall be aflef bank of Eng. fed by the Commissioners nominated and appointed for the said City, or any two or more of them, for land poii>office> their respective Shares and Interests aforefuid, and the aforesaid joint Stock or Stocks, and for such Salaries and Scc'

Pensions; and the same shall be paid by the Governors, or the respective T reafurers or Receivers of the said t0 t, e pa; a by ths River Waters and Waterworks, and of the said Offices and Stocks respectively, to such Person or Per governors, fons as the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall appoint to collect the same, and be deducted at and out of their next' dividend; and every Person having any Salary in respect of any Office or Employment exercised in the Ward of London where the said Postoffice is situated, fbail be assessed and pay for the same in the same Ward the said Rate of four Shillings in the Pound towards the said Sum by this Act charged upon England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tiveecl.

LV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so Governors, C often as any of the said Governors, Treasurers, or Receivers of the said river.waters, Waterworks, of the river wa qffices, or Stocks respectively, shall, upon Demand to any of them respectively made by the proper tcr"i Collector or Collectors, refuse or neglect to pay the respective Sum or Sums of Money whereat all and p30r u^cohec* every the said Person and Persons having any Share or Shares, or Interest, in any of the said River Wa tors empowered ters, waterworks, Offices, or Stocks respectively, shall be respectively rated and assessed;; and to levy the Sum in all and every such Case and Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or y Diflrefe and any of them, and he, they, and every of them, is, and are hereby authorised and required to levy thes'lle*

Sum so assessed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties jointly belonging to, or heldin Trust for, the Persons who mail have such Shares or Interests in respect whereof such Aflefiinent shall be demanded, and refused as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus if any shall be (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) to the Governor, Treasurer, or Receiver of the said riv^r Waters, Waterworks,

Offices, or Stocks refpcctively.

LVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Papist, or reputed Papist, in Pjpi(, s ls yearj England, Wale's, or Berwick upon Tweed, being at the Age of eighteen Years and upwards, who shall not "oaths i have taken the Oaths mentioned and required to be taken by an act made in England, in the first Year ofw&m. to pay the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, entitled. An for abbrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Al double: legiance, and appointing other Oaths, shall yield and pay to his Majesty double the Sums and Rates, which by force and virtue of any Clause in this Act before mentioned and contained, he or they should or ought to pay and be charged with, to be assessed, levied, collected, answered, and paid in such manner, by such Ways and Means, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are before in this Aftexprefled or appointed, for and concerning the abovementioned Rates and Sums.

LVII Provided nevertheless, That if any such Papist, or reputed Papist, within ten Days after the first Unless taken Meeting of the said Commissioners, in the respective Counties or Places where he or she ought to be taxed'w>thin 10 Daxs or afiefl'ed, according to the Intent of this present Aft, shall take the said Oaths before any two or more'mlffioners^rft of the said Commissioners (which Oaths the said two or more of the said Commissioners are hereby im meeting. powered to administer) in that case he or they fiiall not be liable to be doubly assessed as aforesaid.

LVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person being of the Age ofperfnns'is Years eighteen Years and upwards, and being in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, at the Time of the of Age refuting Execution of this Act, who shall not before that Time have taken the Oaths mentioned and required t0'tlie5?aths, t0 pay' be taken by the said last mentioned Aft, and upon Summons by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of anydou e'' two or more of the said Commissioners, shall refuse to take the said Oaths at the Time appointed in the said Warrant, or shall neglect to appear at such Time before the said Commissioners, in order to take the said Oaths (which the said Commissioners or any two or more of them;, are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall yield and pay unto his Majesty double the Sums and Rates, which, by Force and Virtue of any Clause of this Act before mentioned and contained, he or she should pr ought to pay or be charged with, in manner as is before in this present Aft appointed, touching Papists: : reputed Papists.

LIX And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the said Commissioners appointed by this Act Commifijoners to in the respective Counties, Cities, Towns, and other Places in England, Wales, and Berzvick upontweed, fp™^°p'a^(?^'' upon Information, or upon any Cause of Suspicion in that Behalf, shall and are hereby required and' empowered to cause every such Person suspected (or against whom such Information shall be given) to be summoned to appear to take the said Oaths, as aforesaid.

LX Provided nevertheless, That whereas certain Persons, Difienters from the Church of England, Quakers to fub commonly called Quakers, and now known to be such in England, Wales, and Benvick upon Tweed, do fcn.be scruple the taking of any Oaths, it shall be sufficient for any such Persons to make and subscribe the like" ^5"1 ‘ Declaration of Fidelity to his M jelly, as was contained in an Act made in the Parliament held in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, entitled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protefant Subjects, Dijfenters from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws:

Which Declaration any two or more of the Commissioners appointed for the executing of this Act are hereby required and empowered to administer;; every'such Person, so doing, shall not be liable to, or. charged with, any of the double Rates aforesaid.

LXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any afiefforcnmirdflinrersto or Afieflors, who by this Act are required to make double Aflefiments upon Papists, or reputed pa dj^le^a®k picts, or other Persons, for not taking the Oaths aforesaid, shall neglect to do his or their Duty therein J ferrou'oaiiu "

the

9 V

G. 2.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. x763.

C

Collectors by Warrant from Comniifiioners islay distrain.

the refpc&ive Commissioners of the County, Riding, Hundred, Division, or Place, where such double Affellinents ought to have been made, or any two or more of them, shall take care, and are hereby authorised and required to cause such Papists, or other Persons to be doubly charged, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Tenants difrhar LXII Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Owners of any Lands, Tenements, and pot 1 roll double Hereditaments, are liable to be doubly charged as Papists, or reputed Rapids, by reason of their not hav katus. ing taken the Oaths according to the true Intent of this Act; in every such Case such Owners only shall

be charged with, and pay the said double Rates; and the respective Tenants of furl Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, arc hereby discharged of and from the same; any Covenant for Payment of Taxes, or other Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding.

King's Dench, lx11i. Provided' always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Prison of the mar/haifea pri King's Bench., prison house, Lands, Gardens, and Common Side, and all the Rents, Offices, Profits, and ion, C to be af Pepquidtes of the Marshal, and all other Officers, of the king's Bench Prison;; also the prison house, Ccorge" spa"ifli Lands, and Gardens of the Prison of the Marshal, and of the Marshalsea Prison, and all Offices; Perqui 0 ' sites, and Profits of the Marshalsea Court and Prison, lying and being in the Parish of Saint George the

Martyr in the Corough of Soutbivark, in the County of Surrey, and the Judges of the said Court, and all Counsellors and Attorneys practising, or having a Right to practice in the said Marshalsea Court, and all Profits and Fees accruing to them, or any of them respectively, shall be charged and afteffed to the afi'eff ment in the Parish of Saint George aforesaid, and not elsewhere, at and after the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound; anything to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Officers of the LXIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Officer or Officers be marftialfeacourt longing to the said Prisons, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums of Money, which shall be rated refuting to pay, anq upon them, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, any two or more of the Commissioners

appointed by this act, for the said County of Surrey, shall and may certify, by Writing, under their Hands and Seals, such neglect or Refusal, and the Sum payable by virtue of this Act, to the corn missioner for executing this Act, in the County or Place where such Officer or Officers reside;; any two or more of such Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, upon Receipt of such Certificate, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to authorise and empower the respective Collectors of the Parish or Place where such Officer or Officers reside, to distrain the Goods and Chatties of such Officer or Officers; and the Diltrefs or Distresses so made, to detain or keep for the Space of four Days; and if such Officer or Officers do not pay the said Sum or Sums of Money, for which such Diltrefs shall be made as aforesaid, within the Space of four Days, that then the said Goods and Chatties so diltrained as aforesaid, shall and may be appraised and sold by two such honest and sufficient Persons, as the said Commissioners, who shall sign the said Warrant, shall nominate and appoint; and the Moneys arising thereby shall be paid to the Collectors of the said Parish of Saint George, for and towards Satisfaction of the said Sum and Sums of Money; and the Surplus (if any be) shall be returned to the Owner of the said Goods, after the Charge Sf no Goods fuss the said Diltrefs and Sale shall be deducted: But in case no Goods or Chatties of any such Officer or Sclent, orscer Officers can be found, sufficient to make good the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, or to be assessed upon to be imprisoned. him or them as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to the respective Collectors, or such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, to cause the Person or Persons of such respective Officer or Officers of the said Prisons, neglecting or refuting to pay as aforesaid, to be apprehended and taken, wherever he or they can or may be found, and to be committed to the common Gaol, 'where he or they shall happen to be taken, there to remain'

without Bail or Mainprize, until Payment shall be made as aforesaid of the Sum or Sums of Money so

charged or assessed upon them as aforesaid, with the Charges of such Prosecution as'aforesaid, to be allowed by the'said Commissioners, or any two or more of them; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXV Provided also. That the Prison'of the Fleet, prison house, Lands, Gardens, and the Common Side, and all the Rents, Profits, and Perquisites of the Office of Warden of the Fleet, lying and being in the Parish of Saint Bridget, alias Brides, London, shall be charged and assessed to the Assessment in the said Parish of Saint Bridget, alias Brides, London, and not elsewhere; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Officers at Stoke LXVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of his majesty's Dock

Damrel, near Yard now at Stoke Damrel, near Plymouth, shall be assessed upon this act, for the Salaries and other Pro

Piymouth, to be ftts, wjthin the Town and Parish of Plymouth, where the Salaries of the old Dock Yard at Plymouth, in the th^ownofp] - Year one thousand six hundred and ninety three, were assessed, and not elsewhere; so as the full Proportion which was assessed upon the said Town and Parish of Plymouth, in the said Year one thousand six hundred and ninety three, be again assessed thereon by virtue of this act; and so as the said Parish of Stoke dam rcl be not charged with a greater Proportion, in respect of the said s daries and Profits, than they were in the said Year one thousand six hundred and ninety three; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officers of the LXVII And be it further ■•enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Officers of'his majesty's Ho

Hofpiul .at Hast spit at for sick and hurt Seamen now in the Parish of East Stonehouse near Plymouth, shall be addled up stonebo'ife to be on this Act for their Salaries and other Profits of their Places within the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in were t*lc Salaries of the said Officers, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, were af:

mt.. 0 and not elsewhere;; as the full Proportion which was assessed upon the said Town and Borough

Fleet Prison to be a fie fled in St, bride's.

1 of pjy irio.uthj.&c.

Piymouthj cof

Plymouth, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, be again assessed thereon by virtue of this Ast and so .as the said Parish of East Stonehouse be not charged with a greater Proportion in respect

f

95

Anno

qu

irto Georgii

III

2.

of the said Salaries and Profits than they were in'the said Year; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. • 20i. tobepw

LXVIII Provided always, That out of the Sum to be assessed on the Officers of the said Hospital for nd on' the™

sick and hurt Seamen, there shall be paid to the Collectors of the Land 'Fax for the Parish of East Stone (hid officers, in hsufc, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be applied in Aid of the afleitment to be laid upon the said Parish by Aidof theaffiff virtue of this Act. mcnt pn

stoncbontc. waterworks in Southwark to be

LXIX Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Waterworks in the Borough of Southwark shall be rated and aiteffed in the said Borough of Southwark, and not elsewhere, by the Commissioners and Afleflors of the County of Surrey, and not by the Commissioners and afleflea in Surrey. aileftors of the City of London, and that the said waterworks be assessed according to the clear yearly Profits thereof; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Waterworks in the City and Liberty of Wejlmin Waterworks in Jier shall be rated and assessed by the Commissioners and'assessors of the City and Liberty of Wefminftcr, Weltminster to ■and not by the Commissioners and Afleflors of the City of London; anything herein contained to the con fc a(iclm tlleie trary notwithstanding.

LXXI Provided always, That all Offices and Places, which were rated and assessed within the Palaces cof Whitehall, and Saint James, in and for the Years one thousand seven hundred and three, and one thou St ‘t*s.tantrt sand seven hundred and four, or either of them (except such as are exempted by this Act shall be rated be there atuiicd. and assessed within the said Places, and in no other Place whatsoever.

LXXII And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, that the respectiveperfons who have re Collectors cf the eeived or collected, or shall receive or collect, the yearly Profits of the waterworks within the Town of Col Watfr "'otks ia chcfler, in the County of ejjex, for the Time being, fnall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable with the ^^bh' Payment of the Tax that shall be aftefled on the said Profits respectively by this Act, to be levied in such man -- ‘ ° - ner as other Aids and Afleffinents in and by this Act are directed;; the respective Persons so charged as aforesaid, and paying the same, shall be allowed the same on their respective Accounts by their respective Employers or Proprietors for the Time being; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

LXXIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that such Person or Persons as collect Colleflorsforthe and receive the yearly Profits of the waterworks within the Borough of New Windsor in the County of waterworks in Berks, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Tax that shall be assessed tin New winj!or the said Profits, to be levied in such manner as other Aids and Assessments in and by this ■ Act are directed d]ar4eable* and appointed.

LXXIV And it is hereby declared, That in all Places where any the Patent Officers of the' several Patent officer Bishops, or any of them, in England and jvales, were assessed, and did pay for their respective Offices or t0 Bilhopricks Employments of Profit relating to the said Bilhopricks, unto or for the said Aid of four Shillings in the x6cp

Pound, in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety three, the same respective Offices and Employ C L 1 rnents of Profit, under the present Bishops, or relating to the said Bishoprics, or any of them, and the Patent Officers therein, shall be assessed and chargeable in the same Parishes and Places, respectively, and none other, towards the Sum to be raised by this Act, to his majesty's Ule.

LXXV Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the Proportion, which at the first General Commissioners Meeting of the Commissioners for the County of Middlesex, shall pursuant to this Act be laid upon that appointed to aft,. Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holbourn, which is in the said County, shall be equally raised therein, without fubdi without being subdivided into two Proportions, or making any Distinction between that Part above the Andrew' ' and that Part below the Bars: And that in the Subdivision of Commissioners to act for the several Hoibaurn, "in™ Hundreds and Divisions in the said County, a Number of Commissioners shall be appointed to aft accord Middlesex. ingly for all that Part of the said Parish of Saint Andrew, which lieth in the said County.

LXXVI Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, that the Parish of Saint George Hanover Squafe', The Parish of Sr, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, shall, in the Execution of this Act, be chargeable with a distinct Sum George hanover or Quota, fimarate from that of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields : And if any Controversy shall ar ife Square to be among the Commissioners concerning the said £>uota, and the apportioning thereof outof the joint Quota charged wirh a of the said two Parishes; the Commissioners who are Inhabitants of, or have any Concern or Intereff in; either of the said two Parishes, shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw at the 1 ime of the Debate of 0p st. Martin such Controversy, until it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners.. in default thereof, the'in the'fields. Commissioners then present, who do not inhabit, nor have any Intereftor Concern in either of the said two Debates iriling' Parishes, shall have Power, and are hereby required, to impose such Fine or Fines as by them shall be .™nctc(7jng'hch thought fit, upon every such Commissioner so refilling to withdraw, not exceeding twenty Pounds; and to Comiffiffionevs * cause the same to be levied and paid as other Fines to be imposed by virtue of this Act arc to be levied and who are inh.ibi —

paid. *' tantsof either

Parish to withdraw, or to be lined a Sum not exceeding 2.0j.

LXXVII Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Parishes of The pari/hes of Saint John, Saint Peter, and Berchington, in the Isle of 'Thanet, within the Liberty of Dover, shall be St. johrl>st. Pe, deemed and taken to be a distinct Division within the said Liberty; and in execution of this Act, shall be ^a^bqtcha" S charged towards making up the whole Sum charged on the Town of Dover and the Liberty thereof, ae °ed'in dovcrffi cording to the Proportion which was assessed on the said Parishes, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed berty, according in'the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King william and Queen Mary, entitled. An Adito the Aflcflhisnt' for granting to their Majesties an Aid of four Shillings in the Pound, for carrying on a vigorous War against 4 W. & M. France, and not otherwise. And all Commissioners, Collectors, head collectors, and Receivers, are hereby required and enj.oincd to apply themselves with all Diligence to the moll lpcedy and effectual Execution

96

C

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763,

the Exchequer.

tion of their several and refpe£tivc Duties, and to use their utmost Endeavours, That all Estates, and other Things herein charged, may fully and duly pay the Rates and Affeffmcnts, according to the Directions of of this act, and so as his majesty's Service herein may not be delayed or hindered through any of their wilful Neglect or Default.

Lands not worth lxxvlii. Provided that no poor Person shall be charged with or liable to the pound rate imposed by oos. per Annum, this act upon Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in England, jvales, or Berivick upon Tweed, whole not chargeable. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are not of the full yearly Value of twenty Shillings in the whole. Collectors keep LXXIX And be it further enacted, That if any Collector of any Parish or Place in England, jvales, ing Moneys in _ or Berwick upon Tweed, shall keep in his Hands any Part of the Money by him collected for any longer their Hands, to Time than is by this act directed (other than the Allowance made unto him by this act) or shall pay any to forfeit 40i. Part thereof to any Person or. Periods, other than the receiver-general of such County or Place, or to his respective Deputy; every such Collector shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of forty Pounds. receivergenerai And in case any receiver-general of any Part of England, jvales, or Berivick upon Tweed, or his Deputy, monk^tof t fe: ta any Part of the Moneys paid to him or them by any Collector, by virtue of this act, to any per °]‘es t0 01 ^son or Persons whatsoever, other than into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, and at or within the respective Times limited by this act; or in case any such Receiver Genera! of any Part of England, jvals, or Berwick upon Tweed, or his Deputy, hall pay'any Part of the Paid Moneys by any Warrant of the High Treasurer, Commissioners of the Treasury, or Under Treasurer for the Time being, or upon any Tally of Pro, or Tally of Anticipation, or other Way or Device whatsoever, whereby to divert or hinder the actual Payment thereof into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid;; every such receiver-general shall, for every such Offence of himself; or Ins Deputy, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds to him or them that shall sue for the same, in any Court of Record, by Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Effoin, Protection, or Wager of Law is to be allowed.

comitiiflioneis of LXXX And it is hereby further enacted, that the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury",

the Treasury, cor Under Treasurer for the Time being, or any of them, do not direct any Warrant to any of the col rntto divert the lectors or Receivers General in England, jvales, or Berivick upon Tweed, - or their Deputies, for the Pay payments into ment of any part of the Monks hereby given to any Person or Persons, other than into the. Receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid; nor shall they, or any of them, direct any Warrant to the Officers of the Exchequer for sinking any Tally of Pro, or Tally of Anticipation, nor do any Matter or Thing whereby to divert the actual Payment of the said Moneys into the Receipt of the. Exchequer; nor shall the Officers of the Exchequer firike, or direct, or record the firikins; of any Tally of Pro, or Tally of Anticipation, upon any of the said Moneys, upon any Account or Warrant whatsoever;; shall any Teller throw down any Bill, whereby to charge himself with any of the said Moneys, until he shall have actually received the same.

LXXXI Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Stay of Prosecution, upon any Command, Warrant, Motion, Order, or Direction, by Non vult uter'ms prosequi, shall be had, made, admitted, received; Suit against this or allowed by any Court whatsoever, in any Suit or Proceeding, by action of Debt,. Bill, Plaint, or in formation, or otherwise, for the Recovery'of all or any the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures upon any per son by this act infiicte.d, or therein mentioned, or. for or in order, to the Conviction or Disability of any Person offending against rhis act, i England, jvales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

Commitfioners to LXXXII Provided always, That if any Person or Persons, who shall be charged or affefied by this act abate where to or with a poundrra.te upon his, her, or their Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other the Lands are over Premises, shall, upon Complaint made to the Commiflioncrs, in such manner, and at such Times, as are c‘ jr3c, herein directed in Cases of: Appeals, make it appear, to the said Gommissioners, or any three or more of them

then present, for hearing and determining such. Appeals, by Proof upon Oath, that such Assessment doth exceed the equal pound rate that ought to.be charged on him, her, or them; in such case upon every such Proof, and due Examination thereof, the said Commmissioners, or the major Part of them then present, as aforesaid, are hereby empowered toabate and lessen the said Affefi'ments, so much as the same shall exceed the equal pound rate that ought to be charged on him, her, or them, and shall cause the Money so abated, to be le affeffcd,. fu, rcharged, and levied, in such manner as they, or the major Part of them in their Judgments and Discretions shall. think moil equal, just, and reasonable, within the whole Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Divifipn,. where such Overcharge or Overcharges do happen, although the pound rate of four Shillings in the pound.be thereby exceeded;. or if any particular Part or Parts of the same, or any Person therein, shall appear to them to be undercharged, then the Money so abated shall and may be raised upon such particular Part or Persons so undercharged; so that the whole. sunvpay.able to his Majesty for such Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, or other Division, shall be fully, and duly anlwercd.and paid, without being diminished byreafonof such particular Abatement; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIII And be itfurther ena£ledby the authority aforesaid, That the receiver-general ofeachcounty or District in England, jvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall nominate, constitute, and appoint fit and proper Persons (for whom he shall be answerable) to be his Depu; y or Deputies, to receive from the said sub colleiffors all and every the Rates, Duties, and alfieftments by them respectively collected and received'; to travel lhove ant the arne Receivei's General are hereby required to nominate and appoint so many of such Deputies in jo Miles, ' C their respective Counties, that no sub collector may be obliged to travel above the Space of ten Miles from his.ufual Place of Abode, for the Payment of the said Moneys that shall be by him collected or received; Receivers not no and if any stich receiver-general shall refuse or negleftto nominate and appoint such Deputies, in man minating depu ner as aforesaid, or shall wilfully neglect to attend, by himself or Deputy, at the Time and Place by him ties, C to for appointed, for his refpq&ive Receipts, such receiver-general shall, for eviery 'such offence, forfeit the sum

of

No Noli prosequi, C in any

and to rc aitefs, cor

raifeit on Persons under char g$d..

receiver-general anfwenible for Deputies,

Sub colle&or.not '

feit zool.

97-

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 2.

of one hundred Pounds, the one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs, and succeltors, and the aether Moiety o him or them that shall sue for the same, by Adrion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminjter; in which Action or Suit no Effoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

LXXXIV Provided nevertheless, That in case there shall not be a fufficientnumber of Commissioners eommifltonefs oranycity, Borough, cinque port, Town, or Place, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, (for for the County which by this Act Commissioners are particularly appointed) capable of acting according to the qualifica at lai'gemay ate tions required by this Act, to put this Act in Execution; that in every such case, any of the said com for an>'clt5''&c* missioners, appointed for the County at large, within which such City, Borough, Town, cinque port, or PI ace doth Land, ' or which is next adjoining thereto, may aft as commiltioners in the execution of this Act, within such City, Borough, Town, cinque port, or Place.

LXXXV 4 And whereas some Doubts may arise, whether Mayors, Bailiffs, or other chief Magistrates Mayors, Ball, 4 of Cities, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, or cinque ports, for which Commissioners are especially appoint C to aft as 4 ed by virtue of this Act, can act as Commissioners for excuting this Act in the said Cities, Boroughs, Commissioners 4 Towns Corporate, and cinque ports; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That allfpeeiaiiyappoint mayors, Bailiffs, and other chief Magistrates, who are appointed Commissioners for executing this Act, CDL shall be, and have Power to act as Commissioners for executing this Act within and for any City, Borough,

Town Corporate, or cinque port, wherein they inhabit at the Time of executing this Act, as well where Commissioners are especially appointed by this Act, as where they are not.

LXXXVI 4 And whereas several Members of Parliament, by reason of their Attendance in parlia ^fembersof pir, 4 ment, have, by the Assessors of London, we/hntnjler, and Middhfex, and the Suburbs of the same, beeniiamentto be 4 taxed for their personal Efiates, and have been put to unreasonable Charge and Vexation Be it further taxed at their enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Members' of Parliament, who, at the Execution ofmjnfioll**, us' this Act, during this Session of Parliament, shall abide within the said Cities of London and Wefminjier, and the Suburbs of the same, or within the County of Middlesex, shall, for or in respect of their ready Money, or Debts, or any other Tax which may be laid on their Persons, or personal Estate, during this Session of Parliament, be assessed only in the Place where such Members have their mansion houses, or cither Places where they most usually reiide during the Interval of Parliament; and in case any Affeffor or Commissioner shall assess, or cause to be assessed, any Member of Parliament, contrary to the Provision hereby made, he or they shall forfeit to the Party grieved the Sum of forty Pounds, to be. recovered by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, together with full Colts of Suit; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first General meet firftmcctin*(at' ing of the Commissioners for the Welt Riding of the County of York shall he held at the Town of ponte the West riding frail; and the first General Meeting of the Commissioners for the North Riding of the County of York, of York atpon shall be held at the Town of Thirjk, and the first General Meeting of the Commissioners for the eaftlfv^ » t'vil Riding of the County of York, shall be held at the Town of Beverley; anything in this Act before men eaa Riding at ' tioned, or any former Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding. Beieiley.

LXXXYHI. Provided also, and he it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be ca _

of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Actor any of the Powers therein contained, ca abit to' a£un; in or for any County at large, within England, the Dominion of Wales, (the Counties of Merioneth, Cor ary County ai digan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomery, Pembroke, and Monmouth excepted) or in or for any of the large, unkfsra ridings in the County of York; unless such Person be seized and pofteffed of Lands, Tenements, or fleredi teat 1001 pc.r laments, being Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold, over and above all Ground Rents, Encumbrances, and other Reservations, payable out of or in respect of such Leasehold Efiates, which were taxed, or did pay ^ excepted.')0' in the same County or Ridinm for the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annumor more, of his own e state, by virtue of an Act passed in the third Year of his majesty's Reign, entitled. An All for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raijed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand fven hundred andjixty three.

LXXXIX Provided nevertheless, That any Person herein named a Commissioner in and for the County Commissioners of Anglesea or Carnarvon, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, in or for Angjefea, a C for the same Counties, or either of them, being himself, or his Tenants or Trustees, taxed for the Va ^ lue of sixty Pounds per Annum, or more, of, his own Estate, by virtue of the said Act of the third Year 0 ' ptr nn‘. of his majesty's Reign.

XC Provided nevertheless, and it is also hereby enacted, That no Person who is hereby appointed tocommissioners be a Commissioner for executing this Act in any Part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall be aftvor any dlabled from acting as a Commissioner within or for any City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Town Corporate City, being in only, for which he is particularly nominated and appointed a Commissioner, and whereof he sir dl be an habitants, or Inhabitant, at the Time of the Execution of this Act; nor from acting as a Commissioner within any of1™5 01 cou.t, the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery; and that no Attorney or Solicitor, or Person practising as such, !es who shall not be seized and possessed of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, being Freehold, Copyhold or n.jt t^bscorn leasehold, over and above all Ground Rents, Encumbrances, and other Refeqyations, payable out of ormiffiooen. wi h in respect of such Leasehold Estates, which were taxed or did pay in the same County or Riding, City, out pofi'citing Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port or Place, for which he shall be named a Commissioner, or within i001, Act the County at large within which such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port or Place, for which he Shall be named a Commissioner, doth stand, or which is next adjoining thereto, for the Value of one hundred Pounds per Annum, or more, of his own Estate, by virtue of an Act made and passed in the third Year of his majesty's Reign, entitled, An All for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raffed Vol. IX O in

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear one tlmfand seven hundred and sixty three; or any receiver-general, or any Collector of any Aid granted to his Majesty, fivall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this present Act in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

kocomrnifficmer XCI Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That' no Person shall be capable

Rents, Encumbrances, and other Reservations, payable out of or in respect of such Leasehold Estates, which were taxed, or did pay, in the fa id City or Liberty for the Value of twenty Pounds per Annum, or more, of his own Estate, or unless such Person was taxed, or did pay, in the said City or Liberty for the Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds Personal Estate, or more, by virtue of an Act made and passed in the third Year of his majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear one thoufanclseven hundred and sixty three.

XCII Provided also, and be ft enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person shall be capable of cf vve^min'fltt' acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, within the to sft, L rlefs City and Liberty of Wejhniujier, unless such Person be seized and possessed of Lands, Tenements or Here

aft, unless rated at 20). per Ann. of his own Estate, C

nocoirmissioner

Estate,

rated at 201. per ditaments, being Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold, over and above all Ground Rems, Encumbrances, and Ann. of his own o; her Reftrvations, payable out of or in respect of such Leasehold Estates which were taxed, or did pay, in the said City or Liberty for the Value of twenty Pounds per Annum, or more, of his own Estate, by virtue of an Act made and pad'ed in the second Year of his majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear one thoufanclseven hundred andfxty two.

Persons disabled, XCIJI. An 1 it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person intended by this Adito be disabled for any to fork!" 6 o'] * t*le Causes aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or .u 0 .t 5c. any powers therein contained, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Poinds to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same; to be recovered in any of his majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit or Information; wherein no ef foin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XCIV And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Persons who have received or collected, or shall receive or collect, the yearly Profits of the New waterworks within the City and County of Exon, for the Time being, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Tax that shall be assessed on the said Profits respectively by this Act, to be levied in such manner as other Aids and Assessments in and by this Act are directed; and the respective Persons so charged as aforesaid, and paying the same, shall be allowed the same on their respective Accounts, by their respective Employers or Proprietors for the Time being; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCV Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Actor anything herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed to charge, her Majesty the Queen with the abovementioned Duty or Payment of four Shillings out of every twenty Shillings by the Year, for or in respect of any Sums of Money or Annuities given or granted by his Majesty to her said Majesty; but that such Sums of Money and Annuities, and her Majesty, and her Treasurers or Receivers General for the Time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear of all Taxes, Impositions, and other public Charges whatsoever; anything in this Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVI Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed to charge, her Royal Highness the Princess Dowager of Wales with the

IA L .m »■ — N r. r f 1 n », n ^1 TA... .a V D rtr rv. n f A f fr.. VI 11 1. n an 1 ■ an f £> r o! "T f t a 1 t o r ft? > VI 1 11 I n O" P Vnt t t In o Y m p lan an V 1 n

Collectors of the New Waterworks in Exon, chargeable.

Her Majesty the Queen not chargeable;

nor her Royal Highness the

of'\vilesd °waeer a^ove mentioned Duty or Payment of four Shillings out of every twenty Shillings, by the Year, for or irt respect of any Sums of Money or Annuities given or granted by his late Majesty to ner said Royal Highness; but that such Sums of Money and Annuities, and her Royal Highness, and her Treasurers or Receivers General for the Time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear of all Taxes, impositions, and other public Charges whatsoever; anything in this or any former Adito the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XCVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not charge, or be construed, deemed or taken to charge his Royal Highness the Duke of cm nu, "he bcrland, or her Royal Highness the Princess Amelia, or the Officers or Servants attending their Persons, ivincefs Amelia, with the abovementioned Duty or Payment of four Shillings out of every twenty Shillings by the Year, for or in respect of any Annuities, or yearly Payments, granted by his late Majesty, or to be granted by his present Majesty, to their said Royal Highnesses;; that such Annuities, or yearly Payments, and their Royal Highnesses, and their Servants for the Time being, in respect of the same, shall be free and clear from all B axes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever.

Superannuated XCVIII Provided always, That this Actor any of the several Clauses therein contained, shall not sea officers not ext: en(j to charge the Pensions of any superannuated Commission or Warrant sea officers, or the Pensions Poor Knights of of Widows of sea officers, lain in the Service of the Crown; or the Revenue of the Moult Noble Order of Windsor. the Garter; or the Pensions of the Poor Knights of Windsor, payable out of theexchequer only; but that the same shall not extend to lessen the Sum provided by this Act.

‘ XCIX And whereas the Rents and Revenues belonging to the Refidentiaries of the Cathedral ‘ Churches in England and ivalcs are chargeable to the Land Tax granted by this present Act, and in some * the Overplus of the said Rents and Revenues,, above such Tax, Repairs, and other Charges, is to

‘ go

4

nor his Roys! Highness the Puke of Cumberland

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 2. 99

‘ go in Shares for the Maintenance of the said Refidentiaries; which Shares are diminished by the said

‘ Land Tax; ' it is provided and enacted, That in such Cases the said Rdidentiaries shall not, by this Act, Refidentiaries in or any the Clauses therein contained, be farther chargeable, as enjoying Offices of Profit out of the said cs,, Rents and Revenues; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. C ia, gca C

C Provided, That this Act, or any of the several Clauses therein contained, shall not extend to charge Nor Ioal Pei' a certain Pension of one hundred Pounds per Annum, granted by the late King Charles the Second to the Qln' tn. hf L ?1' poor Qlergy of the Isle of Man. .... o. lta„

CL Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to lay n„rpa»es of any Charge or Duty upon the Pensions or Salaries of his majesty's Pages of Honour. Honour.

CIL Provided always, and it is hereby drafted. That in case there hath been, or shall be, any Failure of receiversg?ne raising or paying the several Sums of Money charged upon any County, City, Riding or Place, by this or rtl to give no any former Acts for granting an Aid to his late Majesty King william the Third, or her late Majesty Queen u<qf Anne, or his late Majesty King George the First, or his late Majesty King George the Second, or his present 0

Majesty, by a Land'i'ax; the receiver-general of such County, City, Riding, Division, or Place refpcc

tively, of such Tax or Aifeffment, or the receiver-general to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, of the same County, Riding, Division, City or Place, shall certify, under his Hand, to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, the particular City, Town, Parish or Place, where such Failure of Payment hath happened, together with the Names of the afleltors and Collectors, and the several other Persons belonging to the said City, Town, Parish or Place, charged with the said Tax; which said City, Town, Parish or Place, or any Person or Ptrfons eharged with the said Tax, within such City, Town, Parish or Place, shall be liable to Process for such Neglect in raising and paying the same, according to the Directions of the said Act.

CIII Provided always. That the Commissioners appointed for the County of the City of Lincoln, may Comraiflioiiers aft as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or any the Powers therein contained, within the bailf°rllnc°ln and Close of Lincoln, anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIV Provided always, That the Commissioners for the County of Lincoln may aft as Commissioners in And fer the the Execution of this Act, or any the Powers therein contained, within the Parish of Saint Martin Stain County, in St. ford Baron, in the County of Northampton, as usually; any'fhing in this Act contained to the contrary Martm Stamford notwithstanding ""‘

CV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided Auditor to keep and kept in his majesty's Exchequer, (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, one Book a Res; ftcr> cof Register, in which all the Money, that shall he paid into the Exchequer for the Pound Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid and payable to his Majesty.

‘ CVI And whereas diverse Offices and Employments of Profit, chargeable by this Act, are executed ‘ by Deputy, and the principal Officers living in Places remote from the Division, Parish or Place, where ‘ such Offices or Employments are taxable, the Rates and Assessments for such particular Offices and Em ‘ ployments cannot he recovered without great Charge and Difficulty; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Au Deputies to pay thority aforesaid, That where any Office or Employment of Profit, chargeable hy this Act, is or shall be for Pnnapal?, executed by Deputy, such Deputy flail pay such Afieffment as shall be charged thereon, and deduct the same out of the Profits of such Office or Employment; and in case of Refusal, or Nonpayment thereof, Dilhefs. such Deputy shall be liable to such Distress as by this Act is prescribed against any Person having and enjoying any Office or Employment of Profit, and to all other Remedies and Penalties therein respectively contained; and that there shall be the like Remedies and Penalties for the recovering the Moneys aftefted upon any such Office or Employment of Profit to the Land Tax for the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and for any subsequent Year not yet satisfied, in all Cases where the Accounts of those Years, or any of them, are not otherwise cleared in the Exchequer.

CVIE And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at every time and Place appointed by Receivers gene che Commissioners for the Collectors to pay in the Moneys by virtue of this Act to be paid to the Receiver ral r sive a List General, or his Deputy, for any County, City, Riding, Town or Place in England, [Bales, or Berwick "at

upon Tweed, the said receiver-general, or his Deputy, under his Hand, shall deliver a List, or Certificate, thc^time an fairly written, to such Personas the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, under their place appointed Hands, authorise and appoint to attend then and there for that Purpose, containing the several and respective Sums of Money then and there, or before that Time, paid by the respective Collectors for each Town or Place in that Hundred or Division: : in case there shall be any Refusal or Neglect in delivering such On Refusal, to Lift or Certificate as aforesaid, such receiver-general, or his Deputy, so refusing or neglecting, shall for f0l'feic ary Sum feit any Sum of Money, not exceeding twenty Pounds, to be imposed by any three or more of the said not exceeding Commissioners, and to be ordered, levied, and answered into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, in 20 such manner as by this Act is directed, touching the Fines imposed on afteffors and Collectors as aforesaid.

CVIII And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons, Co'leflors may who, in pursuance of any former /kft for granting an Aid to her late Majesty Queen Anne, or his late Majesty King George the First, or his late Majesty King George the Second, or his present Majesty, by a j c/nmlflicncrs Land Tax, have seized or distrained, or in pursuance of this Act shall seize or distrain the Goods or Chat judge reasonable. tels of any Collector, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, on Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums of Money which such Collector, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, was or shall be obliged to pay by vir'ue of this or any former Aft; it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons making such Distress, out of the Money arising by the Sale of fueh Goods and Chattels (such Sum and Sums of Money,

O 2 for

C 2.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

for which Distress flia'i or may be made, being first thereout satisfied and paid) to keep in his or their Hands, to and for his and their own Ul'e, so much Money as the commissioners, or any two or more of th m (who ordered, or shall order, such Distress) shall in their Discretion judge reasonable for making such Distress, as also for the Charges in keeping thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner.

‘ CLX And whereas foine Receivers of former Land Taxes have ncgledded or delayed the passing their ‘ Accounts in the Exchequer in due Time, and have, after several Years elapsed, fet insuper some. Coun ‘ ties, Divisions or Places, for Moneys which were there raised, and for the answering whereof due Proof ‘ might have been made, in case such Receivers had accounted sooner, whereby several Counties, Divi ‘ fions and Places have been put to unreafonable_charge and Vexation; ' it is therefore hereby provided,

No Receiver to declared and enadded by the Authority aforesaid, That no Receiver whatsoever of any Moneys granted by o'onl'n0 court' t^1‘s to be raised n England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tiveed, or any Heirs, Executors or upon any oun Administrators of such Receiver, shall, in any Accounts of the Moneys wherewith such Receiver shall be

tv, cafter 3 Years, for Moneys in Arrear 5

hut the same to be a Debt on him and his Securities,

Sheriff, on Writs *

chargeable (unless such Account be declared and palfed in the Exchequer within three Years at the farthest after the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fixiy foui) be allowed or admitted to fet insuper, or charge any County, Division or Place in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tiveed, for any Moneys granted by this Add, which shall be in Arrear, and unpaid; but that the same shall remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his. Securities, his and their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels refpeddively; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ CX And whereas the usual and proper Method of compelling the Payment of Sums fet insuper, is by ‘ Process of Dijlringas : And whereas diverse Sheriff's, or their Under Sheriffs, or other Officers, who have ‘ had the Execution of such Process, favouring Inhabitants, or Colledlors, have returned Issues upon the ‘ Writs to them diredded, so small and inconsiderable, that in many inftar.ces such Method of Proceeding ‘ hath been found infufficicnt to compel the Payment of Arrears, whereby great Loss hath happened to the Public, and further Losses may hereafter happen by the like Proceedings, unless some Remedy be provided For the Prevention thereof. Be it enadded by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every such Writ 5f Diftringas, to f)iftringas hereafter to be issued upon any such Insuper, the Sheriff or other Officer, to whom the same therateof j 1/ ihab be diredded, shall return Issues after the Rate of five Pounds at leafs, for every hundred Pounds of the per One. of the Sum fet insuper; which Issues so returned shall be forthwith drawn down into the great Roll of the Pipe; Sum fet insuper; and Process, according to the Course of the Exchequer, shall issue for levying the same at the first General jti' 'thtrcu on f Process for his Majesty, his Heirs and Succclfors, out of and under the Seal of the said Exche

j^me t erenpem, quer un]efs the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Barons of the Exchequer, or any two of them, shall, upon just Cause, think fit to order the drawing. down such Issues into the Pipe, or the issuing such Process, to he respited till a further Day.

Shrewiuir * CXI And be it enadded by the Authority aforesaid, That the refpeddive Persons who have received or

ehai°eabief coliedted, or fnall receive or collect!, the yearly Profits of the waterworks within the Town of Shreivf

bury, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Tax that shall be assessed on the said Profits by this Add, to be levied in such manner as other Aids and Assessments in and by this Add are diredded; and" the refpeddive Persons so charged as aforesaid, and paying the same, shall be allowed the same on their Accounts, by the Proprietors thereof for the Time being; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ CXII And whereas by and in pursuance of certain Clauses, which are contained in the several Adds of ‘ Parliament for Land Taxes, which passed in the Reign of their late Majesties Queen Anne, Ring George ‘ the First, King George the Second, and in the first, second and thirj Years of his present majesty's ‘ Reign, several Parishes and Places have been discharged by the Barons of the Exchequer of certain over C plus Sums, wherewith they were resp. ddively overburdened, by reason of double Taxes formerly charged ‘ upon them; and the like Overplus Sums are not comprehended in the Proportions by this Add charged ‘ upon the Counties, .Cities, or other Places, wherein the sail Parishes or Places formerly overburdened as C aforesaid were situate It is hereby declared and enadded. That the Ease so given ftiall accrue only to the refpeddive Parifttes or Places formerly overburdened as aforesaid, and shall not he construed or taken to lessen, abate or discharge any of the Sums or Proportions to be raised in any other City, Borough, Parish, Town or Place whatsoever.

‘ CXIII And whereas the Sums that were assessed by virtue of the Add for the former Aid of four shil C lings In the Pound, which was made and passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties ‘ King William and Queen Mary, do not only govern the Proportions set upon every County, City,

‘ Riding, Town, or other Place hereby charged with a certain Sum in this Act set down and expressed;; are also to regulate the Proportions thereof in every Hundred or Division refpeddively, towards the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence : And whereas towards the Assessments which were nude by virtue of the said Add of the fourth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, several Lands, Tenements, Rents, or other Hereditaments of Papists, and other Persons, refufmg or ncglecding to take the Oaths therein contained, were assessed to pay double the Rates therein expressed;; since the making those Afleii'ments several of the said Papists, and other Persons, which were so doubly taxed, have taken the said Oaths, or their Lands are come to Protestants, whereby their Estates will be charged on this Add only to such an equal pound rate, as is to be born by their Protestant Neighbours; and several of the said Papists, and other Persons, formerly doubly taxed as aforesaid, arc fmee dead, or have bona side sold their Estates, and the Estates which belonged to such Persons do now belong to Persons not liable to the said double Aileffments; and by occa

‘ fion

Who shall have the Benefit only of overpiussums uncharged.

Choose for the Ease of Prcte C Hants, to whom * Lands, Arc. have C come, which have been doubly * taxed. <

formerly doubly taxed are liable only to a single afleitment 5

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III ' C 2. 101

fion of the .said former double Rates, which were on the said Papists, or Persons who have since taken the said Oaths, or whose Estates are since come to Protestants, as aforesaid, same Parifnes, townships, or other Places, may be overburdened, or charged with more than four Shillings in the Pound (reckoning by the rack rent, and utmost improved Value of their Estates) towards the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, if a suitable Remedy be not provided; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Lands, ww Lands Tenements, rents or Hereditaments of a whole Parish, Town or Place, which shall have a Proportion to raise, in pursuance of this Act, shall be charged with more than four Shillings in the Pound, upon the yearly Value (reckoning by the rack rents, and the highest Improvements made of such Lands, Tenements or Plereditaments) towards the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, by this Act granted, because the Estates of Papists, and other Persons formerly doubly taxed, as aforesaid, by their taking the said Oaths, or the Estates being come to Protestants by Purchase bona side, or the Death of such Papists, or any other Persons formerly doubly taxed, as aforesaid, are or may be liable only to a single Aflefiment; in all and every such Case and Cases, it Commifikners, shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the Hundred, Lathe, W apentake, Rape, Ward, on Complaint, to or other Division, in which such Parish, Town or Place doth lie, or any two or more of them, and in " arn" ic lnt0)lie like manner to and for the Commissioners of any City, Borough, Port or Town, for which Commissioners Iuu‘ 1 are by this Act appointed, or any two or more of them, upon Complaint thereof to them made, for or on Behalf of the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, Rents and Plereditaments in any such City, Borough, Port, Parish, Town or Place respectively, to examine into the Matter of such Complaint; and if they are satisfied of thetrutb thereof, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are ant! to certify the hereby required and empowered, at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand (even fi .me to the h'a hundred and sixty four, and not afterwards, to certify to the Barons of his majesty's Court of Exchequer ronsof theex for the Time being, the Names of such Persons formerly doubly taxed, as aforesaid, and how much their L e^uer> be .or<j double Tax did amount to, and how much the Sum charged by virtue of this Act, upon the Land's, Te "9 cpt, i7'4) nements, Rents or Hereditaments in such City, Borough, Port, Parish, Town or Place, by occasion of their Lands being now liable to a single Aflefiinent, as aforesaid, doth exceed four Shillings in the Pound of the full and true yearly Value thereof: And the said Barons of the Exchequer, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to inquire and inform themselves, by the Oaths of two credible wit nefies at least, concerning the Truth of the said Certificates; and in all Cases where they shall be satisfied who are torfif thcrein, the said Barons, or any two or more of them, have' hpreby Power by their Discretions, at any chars the Over time before the last Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, 'to discharge, or cause to jno? be discharged, the Overplus, or so much of the Sum by this Act charged or chargeable upon such City, ° '

Borough, Town, Parish or Place, towards the said Sum of one million nine hundred eighty nine thousand nine hundred Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence, as shall, by the Occasions aforesaid - the Rate of four Shillings in the Pound; and the said Overplus shall or may be discharged upon the Duplicates to be returned for such City, Borough, Town, Port, Parish or Place respectively, and shall be allowed upon the Account of the respective Receivers General; and the Inhabitants of every such City, Borough,.

Port, Parish, Town or Place, shall he acquitted against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and touching the Payment of such Overplus Moneys so discharged, or ordered to be discharged, by the Barons of the Exchequer, or any two or more of them, as aforesaid;; Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;; that such Parish, Town, Port or Place, so discharged by the Barons, and no others,, shall have the Benefit of the Sums so discharged by this Act; and no other Officer, or Deputy or Clsrk whatsoever, shall take any Fee, Reward or Gratuity, for or upon account of such Discharge : Which said Certificates cf respective Certificate or Certificates, or a true Copy or Copies thereof, whereby the said Parish orparifhes, tliesums di!' place or Places, have been discharged by the said Barons of the Exchequer of such Overplus Sums, shall the

be produced by the Persons claiming the Benefit thereof, to the Commissioners of the Land Tax at their cormrfifi'ioncts2 next General Meeting, to ascertain the Proportion on each Division, after such Certificate or Certificates at their next have been obtained. Meeting.

CXIV and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioners the Commissioners who shall have Power to execute this present Aft, within any Hundred, Division, Parish nuy summon or Place respectively (other than such Commissioners as have been Colieftors of any Land Tax there) or Collectors, who the majorpart of them, who shall be present at any public Meeting or Meetings for this Purpose, at their usual Place of Meeting for such Hundred, Division, Parish or Place respectively, to issue their Precept or Precepts to all and every such Collector or Colieftors, who are or shall be suspected by such Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, to have received or levied any Sum or Sums of Money within any Parish or Township, by or under Colour or Pretext of any Act or Acts of Parliament, which at any Time ortimes within seven Years next before the Beginning of this Session of Parliammt have been made or passed for granting to his late Majesty, or his present Majesty, a Land Tax or Land Taxes, jointly with any othertax or Taxes in such Act or Acts comprehended, and to have converted the same fraudulently to his and their own Use and Uses;; if such Collector or Colieftors be dead, then to ifi'ue such Precept or their Heirs, ' to their Heirs, Executors or Administrators respectively, thereby requiring all and every such collector or c colieftors, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to appear before the said Commissioners, at the Time and Place in such Precept or Precepts to be prefixed : And upon their or any of their Appearsndes, or making Default (after Summons delivered to them, or left at the usual Places of their Abode respectively) the said Commissioners, in their respective Divisions or Districts, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at any Meeting or Meetings in this Behalf, as aforesaid, shall and have hereby Power to inquire by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, or any other lawful Ways or Means, by which the

Truth

have converted Land Tax Moneys to their own Use,

C 2. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

Truth may be bed known, and to determine what Sum or Sums of Money the said Collectors, or any of them, did receive or levy, or fraudulently convert to their own Use or Uses as aforesaid;; thereupon to and on ltxamir.a jj]'ue their Warrants and Orders, requiring all and every such Collector or Collectors, their Heirs, execu their Warrants tors an Administrators respectively, in whose Hands the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for'paying fudi Did any such Money to be remaining, or who shall be chargeable therewith respectively, to pay the

m mies to his same to his majesty's Use, in manner following; (that is to say) in case there be any Deficiency remaining majesty's Use, upon any such Parish or 'l'ownfhip, of the Quota or Proportion charged thereupon to the Tax imposed by the act or acts, whereby or by Colour whereof the Money found, as aforesaid, was collected or levied; then every such Deficiency shall be satisfied, in the first place, out of the Moneys foto be recovered, or the same Moneys, so far as they will extend, shall be applied for or towards the making good of every such Deficiency respectively;; in all Cases where there is no Deficiency upon any such Parish or Township, or there shall be an Overplus more than sufficient to discharge any such Deficiency, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall by their said Order require the said Money so found, or the Overplus thereof, to be paid by the said respective Collectors, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to the receiver-general, towards discharging so much of the Proportions to be charged on such Parish or Township by virtue of this present Aft.

The Payments CXV And it is hereby declared and enacted, That such Payments foto be made in pursuance of the "^hvcommtf Did Orders or Warrants of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, shall be goed rlone^warrant's, anc Efficient Discharges to the said Collectors, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators respectively, a. C flul! be Dif against his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and all other Persons whatsoever.

charges to the Coileftais, or their Heirs, C

Collectors not CXVI And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Collector as paying may be aforesaid, shall neglefit or refuse to pay any suin.or Sums of Money according to such Order of the said their eftatesanij ^0171111 >ffi°ners as aforesaid, within the Time or Times by such Order or Orders to be limited; the said seized and sold, Commissioners for each Hundred, Parish or Place, or any two or more of them, in their respective D: visions or districts, are hereby authorised and empowered to imprison the Person of every such Collector, till he makes Payment of the said Money; and to seize and secure the Estate as well Freehold as Copyhold, and all other Estate, both Real and Personal, of such Collector, to him belonging, or which shall defeend or come into the Hands or Possession of his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, wheresoever the same can .be discovered or found; and the said Commissioners, who shall so seize and secure the Estate of any such Collector or Collectors., shall be and are hereby empowered to appoint a Time for a General Meeting of th'e said Commissioners for such Hundred, Division, Parish or Place, and to cause public Notice to be given of the Place where such Meeting shall be appointed, six Days at leapt before such Meeting; and the Commissioners present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them (in case the Moneys detained be not paid and satisfied as it ought to be, according to the direchons of this act) shall and are hereby empowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Eitates, which shall be for the Cause aforesaid seized and secured, or any Part thereof; and, out of the Moneys arising by such Sale, to satisfy and pay (in manner prescribed by this act) the Sum which shall be detained in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators respectively, with the Charges of recovering, raising and paying the same; and the Overplus (if any be) to be restored to such Personas owned the said Estate before the Sale thereof; any former act or acts of Parliament, or other Matter or Thing, to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ CXVII And whereas several Arrears of Land Taxes, granted by former acts of Parliament, do flilli ‘ remain unsatisfied, which ought to have been levied, aflefied or re affdted by the respective Commissioners ‘ in such acts named or appointed, some of which being since dead; or removed to diilant Places; ' It is Arrearsoffmrer hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners by this act named or ap lard Taxes to be pointed, or so many of them as are hereby empowered to cause the Moneys by this act granted to be aflefied fentecomthifpre- or radeg ard they are hereby empowered to cause the Moneys foin Arrear upon the said Land Taxes iioners.' to be aflefied, re afleflld, levied and answered, as fully and effectually as any Commissioners appointed by former acts might have done in that Behalf; and the said assessors, Collectors and Receivers, shall reflectively affels, re assess, levy, receive and answer the several Arrears in such Manner, and under such Penalties, and by such Means, and as fully and effectually, as in this act they are empowered and required, with respect to the several Sums by this act charged.

No receiverge CXVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no receiver-general of any of neui, or his the Taxes by this act granted, or any of his Agent or Agents, Servant or Servants, by him employed for a le carry*n2; lny of the Moneys to be received for or on account of the said Taxes, shall maintain any Robbery, "unteti action or actions against any Hundred or Hundreds in that Part of Great Britain called England, for or the Persons car upon account of his or their being robbed on the king's Highway of any of the said Moneys, unless the ryinj the Money person or Persons carrying such Moneys shall, at the Time of such Robbery, be together in Company, be 3 in Com ark] jn Number three at the leaf!, - to attefl the Truth of his or their being so robbed; any Law, Statute pa";, ■ orprovifion to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

‘ CX1X. And whereas by virtue of several acts of Parliament specially made, or to be made, for the C better repairing of certain public Roads, Turnpikes have been or may be setup, and Tolls or Duties Tolls or Duties 1 taken for repairing the.said Roads; ' It is hereby provided and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That onturnptkesnot such Tolls and Duties are not, and shall not be liable to be rated or taxed towards the Aid granted by this this or fer act, or towards any Aid granted by any former AC for a Land Tax; and that the several Officers and. nitr Persons employed, or to be employed, in collecting such Tolls, and repairing such Roads, shall not be

liable

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii Ilf. C 2. 103

liable to be taxed or rated in any manner whatsoever, by reason of their said Offices or Employments, or any Salary arising thereby; this Act, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Commissioners appointed Commissioners to execute this present Act in any County, Division, Hundred, Riding, City, Town or Place, or any five rldy> bc°re *9 or more of them, shall have good Reason to suspect that the Afiefiors appointed for any Parish or Place, ^7 aon m pursuant to any Actor Acts of Parliament for granting an Aid or Aids to the Crown by a Land Tax or fefljrs, wbohsve Land Taxes, have, in Fraud of any Parish or Place for which they are Afiefiors, since the sixth Day of not iharged their May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, been omitted to be charged or assessed for any of their Eitates since 6 own Eitates, which ought to have been charged or a defied to such Land Tax or Land Taxes, it shall be Ma V 1?17> lawful for such Commissioners for such County, Division, Hundred, City, Riding, Town or Place respectively, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and required at such convenient Time or Times before the twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, to summon and call before them the Afleflors for the Time being, since the' said sixth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, for such Parishes and Places respectively, and to examine such Afiefiors, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, upon Oath (which Oath and examine or Oaths the said Commissioners are'hereby empowered and required to administer) for Discovery or Proofthem upon i ' of any such Fraud oromission, since the said sixth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven teen; and as the said Commissioners, 'or the major Part of them present, shall find the Case to be, they shall'compute the Wrong which any such Parish or Place hath sustained by reason or occasion of any such Fraud or Omillion, and shall award Satisfaction to be made accordingly to such Parishes or Places refpec and award satis tively, by the refpe<elive Afiefiors, whose Efiates have been so omitted to be charged or assessed as aforesaid;; and the said Commissioners shall, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, cause the Sum or to be levied and Sums so awarded to be levied upon the Persons, or the Executors or Administrators of the Persons refpec Said t0 co tively, who have been so omitted to.be charged or assessed as aforesaid, and upon their Goods and Chattels k'a°r5, respectively; all which Sums foto be levi.d shall be paid into the Hands of the Collectors of the Land Tax, to be appointed pursuant to this Act for such respective Parishes and Places; to the end the said Parishes and Places respectively may have the Benefit thereof, and may be eased accordingly in their Proportion to this present Aid, or to the next Aid or Aids which shall be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, by a Land Tax : Provided nevertheless. That the §)uota of the Aid granted to his Majesty shall rot be lefiened for any such Parish or Place.

CXXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners as are by this, Commissioners, Add required to transmit, or cause to be transmitted, the abovementioned Schedules or Duplicates in the *',! p^own'rf* king's remembrancer's Office of the Exchequer, or any three or more of them, shall and they.are hereby.r, fs Sums a r ' required, in every such Schedule or Duplicate, to diftinguifn and set down, or cause to be distinguished and feffied for double set down, the gross Sum which shall be afiefld, charged or payable in every Hundred or Division refpec .tancs, to be tively, by virtue of this Act, for double Taxes, that soit may be known how much the double Taxes ln

arising by this Acl do or will amount to in every Hundred and Division, where any such hall be. tl C XC -- e‘luer•

CXX1I. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum appointed afteffir.ents on by this Adito be railed by the Town of Cambridge, shall be raised and levied by rating all Manors, Mef TT" of, fuages, Lands and Tenements, Woods, Underwoods, Coppices, Fifhings, Locks, Wears and Sluices upon C

the River Cam, alias Grant, Tithes, Tolls, Markets, Fairs, Booths, Stalls and Standings in such Fairs nmsi C and on and Markets, and the Rents and Profits' of the same, and all other Heredi'aments, of what Nature or Kind Fifhings, con soever they be, situate, lying and being, happening or arising, in the said Town, or within the Bounds, the River Cam. Limits and Precincts thereof; and also all Eitates in Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Chattels and Personal Efiates whatsoever belonging to the said Town, or any the Members of he same, except only such Personal Estate as in this Act before is excepted.

* CXXIII And whereas Fairs are usually held for some short Time in the Year only, by means whereof ‘ it may be impossible to levy the Proportions to be assessed by virtue of this Acton the Fairs to be held '

‘ within the said Town, or Limits thereof, by such quarterly Payments as by this Act is directed to be

‘ done in other Cases Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Colledlors to be ap On whom, ana

pointed by virtue of this Act for levying and colledling the said Rates and Taxes, shall demand the entire when, yearlyaf

Sum which shall be assessed for the whole Year on such Fairs, and the Booths, Stalls and Standings in there, Tmen: s on

same, from the Parties themselves, who shall fet to Sale any Goods or Merchandizes in the said Fairs, ^/aed '° be

Booths, Stalls or Standings, or otherwise occupy the same, if they can be found, or else upon the Premises

charged with such Afleflinents, at any Time within seven Days after the first Proclaiming of such

Fair or Fairs; and in default of Payment thereof, shall levy the Sum assessed, by Distress and Sale of all Dffirefs on De.

the Goods and Chattels that shall be found in the said Booths, Stalls or Standings, in such manner as is fauit Payment,

, °, how to be levied *

herein directed to be done in other Cases.

CXXIV And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Colledlors shall have all such Powers Tenants of of making such Distress as is hereby given to Colledlors in other Cases; and the several and respective Tenants of all such boo.hs, Stalls and Standings, which shall be rated by virtue of this Act, are hereby deduct them, required and authorised to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be rated thereon, and to dedudt the out of their same out of the Rent payable for such Booths to their respective Landlords. Rents, e.

CXXV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Sum of forty seven thousand 47, 9541. is. 2d,, nine hundred fifty-four Pounds one Shilling and twopence, by this Act granted, shall be raised and levied t0 b rr', fcd in in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by an eight Months Cess of five thousand nine hundred ninety gc^, nth's four Pounds five Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every 'Ji994i. 5=., d.

ttonth 3 q. I'M Muifenq

104 C 2. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

Month; the said Cess to be raised out of the Land Rent of Scotland, according to the monthly Proportions within the respective Shires, Stewartrics, Cities and Boroughs herein after expressed;; is to say,

Within the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh, the monthly Sum of two hundred sixty four Pounds thirteen Shillings and threepence, of lawful Money of Great Britain.

Within the Sheriffdom of Haddington, the monthly Sum of two hundred thirty-one Pounds six Shillings ■and threepence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Berwick, the monthly Sum of two hundred thirty-three Pounds seventeen Shillings and five Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Roxburgh, the monthly Sum of three hundred and six Pounds ten Shillings and five Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Selkirk, the monthly Sum of seventy five Pounds three Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Peebles, the monthly Sum of eighty six Pounds thirteen Shillings and twopence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Lanerk, the monthly Sum of two hundred fifty seven Pounds and seven Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Dumfries, the monthly Sum of two hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, of like Money, f Within the Sheriffdom of Wigtown, the monthly Sum of eighty-three Pounds ten Shillings and seven

Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, the monthly Sum of one hundred thirty-nine Pounds four Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Air, the monthly Sum of three hundred twenty-one Pounds fifteen Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of'dumbarton, the monthly Sum of sixty three Pounds eleven Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Bute, the monthly Sum of twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings and ten Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Renfrew, the monthly Sum of one hundred and twelve Pounds ten Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Snivelling, the monthly Sum of one hundred fortyfive Pounds sixteen Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Linlitbgoiv, the monthly Sum of ninety seven Pounds five Shillings and twopence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Perth, the monthly Sum of four hundred eighteen Pounds eighteen Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Kincardine, the monthly Sum of eighty one Pounds sixteen Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Aberdeen, the monthly Sum of three hundred thirty-nine Pounds and eight Shillings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Inverness, the monthly Sum of one hundred Pounds sixteen Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Refs, the monthly Sum of one hundred fourteen Pounds eleven Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Nairn,, the monthly Sum of twenty-three Pounds one Shilling and ten Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Cromarty, the monthly Sum of five Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Argyll, the monthly Sum of one hundred sixty one Pounds eighteen Shillings and five Pence, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Fife and Kinross, the monthly Sum of four hundred thirty Pounds and one Penny Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Forfar, the monthly Sum of two hundred seventy two Pounds three Shillings and seven Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within .the Sheriffdom of Bamjf, the monthly Sum of ninety five Pounds twelve Shillings and seven Pence, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Sutherland, the monthly Sum of twenty seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Caitbnefs, the monthly Sum of forty-nine Pounds sixteen Shillings and five Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom'of Elgin, the monthly Sum of eighty eight Pounds one Shilling and threepence, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Orkney and Zetland, the monthly Sum of ninety Pounds nine Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Sheriffdom of Clackmannan, the monthly Sum of twenty-nine Pounds five Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

-* Within

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 2. 105

Within the City of Edinburgh, the monthly Sunt of three hundred thirty-two Pounds eleven Shillings and threepence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh ot Perth, the monthly Sum of thirty-eight Pounds eight Shillings and threepence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Dundee., the monthly Sum of sixty Pounds seventeen Shillings and twopence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Aberdeen, the monthly Sum of sixty six Pounds sixteen Shillings and elevenpence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Snivelling, the monthly Sum of seventeen Pounds nineteen Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Linlithgow, the monthly Sum of sixteen Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence Halfpenny, of like Money.

W ithin the City of Saint Andreiv, the monthly Sum of fourteen Pounds and sixteen Shillings, of like Money.

Within the City of Glasgow, the monthly Sum of one hundred nineteen Pounds and fifteen Shillings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Air, the monthly Sum of seventeen Pounds five Shillings and nine Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Haddington, the monthly Sum of seventeen .Pounds nineteen Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Dyfart, the monthly Sum of seven Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Kircaldie, the monthly Sum of twenty-two Pounds eighteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Montrose, the monthly Sum of eighteen Pounds nineteen Shillings and one Penny Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Cowper, the monthly Sum of nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Anftruther Enjler, the monthly Sum of one Pound nineteen Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Dumfries, the monthly Sum of sixteen Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, .of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Inverness, the monthly Sum of seventeen Pounds nineteen Shillings and one Penny three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Brunt island, the monthly Sum of nineteen Pounds fifteen Shillings and eight Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Iimerkeithing, the monthly Sum of three Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Kinghorn, the monthly Sum of four Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Brechin, the monthly Sum of five Pounds seven Shillings and nine Pence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Irwin, the monthly Sum of eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Jedburgh, the monthly Sum of eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Kirkcudbright,, the monthly Sum of seven Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Wigtown, the monthly Sum of six Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence, of like Money. »

Within the Burgh of Pattcnweem, the monthly Sum of six Pounds thirteen Shillings and one Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Dumfermling, the monthly Sum of seven Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence Flalfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Anjlruther tvcjlcr, the monthly Sum of two Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Selkirk, the monthly Sum of six Pounds thirteen Shillings and one Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Dumbarton, the monthly Sum of four Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Renfrew) the monthly Sum of three Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, of like Money. ' " I t <

Within the Burgh of Dnmbar, the monthly Sum of five Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence Farming, of like Money.

'Within the Burgh of Lanerk, the monthly Sum of five Pounds nineteen Shillings aid .eight Pence.... Farthing, of like Money. r ■ '*

Vol. IX

p

wilhin

io C 2. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763..

Within the Burgh of Aberbrothock, the monthly Sum of four Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

, Within the Burgh o(elgin, the monthly Sum of nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Peebles, the monthly Sum of five Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

. Within the Burgh of Credit, the monthly Sum of eight Pounds nineteen Shillings and seven Pence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Pain, the monthly Sum of three Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Culrofs, the monthly Sum of three Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Barnff, the monthly Sum of three Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Whithorn, the monthly Sum of nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of

like Money.

Within the Burgh of Forfar, the monthly Sum of one Pound nineteen Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Rotbefay, the monthly Sum of two Pounds nineteen Shillings and ten Pence, of

like Money.

Within the Burgh of Nairn, the monthly Sum of one Pound nine Shillings and elevenpence, of like Money. #

Within the Burgh of Forres, the monthly Sum of two Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence, of like

Money.

Within the Burgh of Rutberglen, the monthly Sum of one Pound nine Shillings and eleven Pence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of North Berwick, the monthly Sum of nine Shillings and eleven Pence, three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Cullen, the monthly Sum of nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Lawder, the monthly Sum of two Pounds nineteen Shillings and ten Pence, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Kintore, the monthly Sum of nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Kilreney, the monthly Sum of nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Annancl, the monthly Sum of nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Lockmaben, the monthly Sum of nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Sanquhar, the monthly Sum of nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Writhin the Burgh of New Galloway, the monthly Sum of nine Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Dingwall, the monthly Sum of nineteen Shillings and eleven Pence Farthing, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Dornoch, the monthly Sum of one Pound nine Shillings and eleven Pence three farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Queensferry, the monthly Sum of four Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence,, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Fortrofs, the monthly Sum of two Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence Halfpenny,, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Inverury, the monthly Sum of one Pound nine Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of iveike, the monthly Sum of one Pound thirteen Shillings and threepence, of like. Money.

Within the Burgh of Inncrbervey, the monthly Sum of nine Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings,, of like Money.

Within the Burgh of Kirkwall, the monthly Sum of four Pounds .nineteen Shillings and nine Pence, of like Money.

Within the Burghs of Straenraver and Camblcton, the monthly. Sum of two Pounds nine Shillings and' ten Pence Halfpenny, of like Money.

tke^tax^rolt CXXVI Provided always, That the Proportion of the said Boroughs in Scotland, be rated and paid now is or shall as their 'Fax. Roll now is or Shall be settled by themselves; anything in this Act contained to the conic settled by trary notwuhftanding,

sb.eniftl.ves.

CXXVIL

A. D. 1763,

Anno quarto Georgii III

CI

IO

CXXVII And it is hereby enacted, That the said new Supply in Scotland is to be paid at the Terms The (irft two following; that is to say, The Sum of eleven thousand nine hundred erghty eight Pounds ten Shillings Months Cess to and threepence Halfpenny, of lawful Money of Great Britain, for the first two Months Cess, shall be ** 24

payable on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and the 4jne I' like Sum of eleven thousand nine hundred eighty eight Pounds ten Shillings and three Penes Halfpenny, Second igsept. of like Money, as the second two Months Cess, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and the like Sum of eleven thousand nine hundred eighty eight Third 2$ Dec., Pounds ten Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, of like Money, as the third two Months Cess, on or t'764. before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and the like Sum of eleven thousand nine'hundred eighty eight Pounds ten Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, of like Money, Fourth March as the remaining two Months Cess, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hun i765 dred and sixty five.

CXXVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all ■ and every the Person and Commissioners Persons who in and by the said Act of Parliament made and passed in the second Year of his majesty's ^^nltecuticr! Pveign, entitled, An Adifor appointing commissioners for putting in execution an asl of this Session of Parlia p, scaand? n ment, intituled', An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and by one other Aft made arid passed in the third Year of his majesty s Reign, entitled. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the commissioners, appointed by an Act made in the laf sejjon of Parliament, to put in execution an Act made in the same sejjon, entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and f, or appointing.

other commissioners together with tboj'e named in the jrjl mentioned asl, to Jut in execution an Act of this sejjon of Parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the sir vice..

of the Tear one thousand seven hundred andjixty three; or by any or either of those Acts, were named, appointed or authorised to be Commissioners for putting in execution the same Acts, within the several Shires or Stewartries of Scotland, or such of them who have qualified, or shall qualify themselves according to the Laws of Scotland in thatbehalf, shall be Commissioners for ordering, railing and levying the Supplies in.

Scotland by this Act granted, in and for the same Shires and Stewartries respectively; which said commissioners shall put in execution this present Aft, and the Powers therein contained, within and for the same Shires and Stewartries respectively; and the said Commissioners have hereby'power'to choose their ow n.

Clerk, and to do everything concerning the'said Supply, as is prescribed and appointed by the'cefs Aft of the sixth of November one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Acts made in any former Parliament of Scotland, to which the said Act of the sixth of November one thousand seven hundred and six, doth relate, holding the same as if therein repeated.

CXXIX And it is hereby further enacted, That Execution shall he done in Scotland for bringing in the andexecution so said Supply, to be raised there, as.is provided by the same Acts in all Points not altered by this Act; and be done as th that the first Meeting of the said Commissioners of Shires in Scotland shall be at the respective Head Burghs ■

thereof the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven'hundred and sixty four; and that the Sheriffs and [At ihe'ricad* Stewarts, or their Deputies, do intimate the same to the said Commissioners of their Shires and Stewartries; Burghs on 30 with Power to the'said Commissioners to appoint the subsequent Diets of their Meetings, and their Con April 1764, veners, fromtime to Time; and also to appoint Collectors, with fitch Caution as they shall think fit. M

CXXX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Clauses contained in former Acts A CI 1u, es in of Parliament of Scotland, and Convention of Estates there, in relation to the bringing in of the Cess, and Athc" Quartering, and touching riding money, shall stand in full force, as to the Supply now imposed upon baglngathe Scotland, as if they were herein expressed, and as they were observed before the making this Act. ' Cess, C to be

CXXXI And it is hereby declared. That no Person, whether Heretor or Collector, liable in Payment in full Force.

of the said Supply to be raised in Scotland, shall be held to produce the Receipts and Discharges of the No Persons in same, after three Years from the respective Terms of Payment, unless Diligence be done therefore by De Scot!, r: d held nunciation within the said three Years; in which Case of Diligence by Denunciation, one Year farther 'ttafert is only added to the said three Years; and none shall beholden to produce the Receipts or Discharges Years! S ' 3 thereafter... > ' ' >

‘ CXXXII And because by the Supply hereby granted to be raised in Scotland, the lands, Rents and Debtor owing * Burghs there are only burdened, and it being reasonable that the Personal Estates in Money hall bear Money in Scot ‘ some proportional burthenbe it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Debtor owing *0 retain a Money in Scotland, at six Pounds per Centum Interest, shall, iti the Payment of his annual Rents,; have of 6 per

Retention in his own Hands of a sixth Part of ftx per Centum, and this Retention to be from the eleventh Cent, from A Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, to the eleventh Day of November one thou Nov.' 1763, to 11 sand seven hundred and sixty four; and it is hereby declared, that it shall be Usury for aiiy Creditor to Nov' ‘754 refuse to grant the said Retention there.

CXXX1II. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said sum of 47, 9541. is. 2d. forty seven thousand nine hundred fifty-four Pounds one Shilling and twopence shall be raised in Scotland, be raised free in the respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs, free of all Charges to his Majesty, and shall, in ot a11 cllarses> like manner, be paid at the City of Edinburgh, to such Person or Persons as the Commissioners1 of the Trea anij t0 (, e pay fury, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall constitute and appoint to be Receiver at Edinburgh. General or Receivers thereof for his majesty's Use;; said General Receiver or Receivers hall be an fwerabie and accountable for the same to his Majesty in the Exchequer. n * ill m .1

■ p 2 "; ‘ cxxxiy.

tool. Scots per Ann. rc.i) Rent, in the County where he ails. Exception.

Commiriionen in Scotland to take the Oaths, and subscribe the ai furance.

Provost, See. of

108 C 2. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

No Prrfon to be CXXXIV Protided nevertheless, That no Person appointed by this Adito be a Commissioner for exe a Ccmmifliorcr curing the several Powers and Things herein enacted, within any County or Stcwartry in that Part of ot thcumitjix Qreaf Britain called Scotland, shall be enabled or capable to be a Commissioner of the Land Tax, or for !' not'enfa'i'tof0 cxecuting the several Powers and Things herein enacted, who is tiot enfeoft in Superiority or Property, or ' ' poflefl'ed as Proprietor or life renter of Lands valued in the tax roll of the County or Stcwartry where he

acts, to the Extent of one hundred Pounds Scots ■per Annum, excepting the eldtlt Sons and Heirs Apparent of Persons who are so enfeoft of Lands to the Extent and of the Valuation aforesaid;; that every Person who shall take upon him to act as a Commissioner for executing any of the Powers or Things in this Act contained, within any County or Stcwartry in Scotland, without being enfeoft in Superiority or Property, or in the rod'ellion of Lands in such County or Stcwartry, of the aforesaid Value or Extent, or without being elded Soii and Heir Apparent of a Person so enfeoft, or in Poffeffiori, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling for every such aiding; to be recovered byadtion, Complaint or Petition, in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heretor within the said County or Stcwartry, before the County or Stewart Court, or before the Lords'of Session in Scotland, and that in case of any such Suit or Complaint entered before any of the Courts aforesaid, the Person complained of shall be obliged to prove that he is enfeoft, or in pojteffion, or is Son and Heir Apparent of a Person so enfeoft, .or in Possession of an Estate in Superiority or Property, within the County where he hath taken upon him to act, of the aforesaid Value or Extent, or oth.rvvife, shall forfeit the said Penalty of twenty Pounds Sterling, without any Proof or Evidence to be brought on the plaintiff's Part, other titan that the Person complained of hath taken upon him to act as a Commissioner for executing the several powers and Things in this Act contained.

CXXXV Provided always, That all and every Person appointed by this Act to be a Commissioner for executing the several Powers, and Things herein enacted, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, draff, before his acting as a Commissioner in .the Execution of this Actor any the Powers therein contained, take and subscribe the Oaths of.allegiance and Abjuration, and subscribe the Assurance appointed by Law to be taken and subscribed by Persons in Offices of publick Trud in Scotland, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling; which Oaths it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of the said Commissioners to adminider, .and they are hereby required to administer the same accordingly.

, ■ CXXXVI Provided, nevertheless, That any Provod, Bailie, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, Mailer of the

rough may adtrs Merchants Company, or Deacon Convener of thetrades for the Time being of any Royal Borough, and a Commissioner. any Bailie for the tine being of. any Borough of Regality, or Barony, herein named or appointed a Commissioner tor putting this Act in execution in any County, or Stewartry, shall be capable of adding as a Commissioner for such County or Stewartry; and that it shall not be lawful to or for the Court of Session, or any other Courts or Magidrates in Scotland, to grant, by Suspension, or otherwise, any Stay or Stop to the bringing in of the said Supply, by Quartering, according to the Proportions settled and ascertained by the afore'faiu Commissioners for the several Shires, and by the Royal Burghs, according to their Usage and Practice;; Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

cxxxvll, Provided plways, 'and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, - to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the'receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of two millions, upon the Credit of the said, several Rates, Afleffmcnfs, and .Sums, of Money, by this Act granted, to be raised in the several Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid;; such other Moneys as are by this Act appointed for repaying the same, with the Intered thereof;, and to have and receive for the.forbearance of the Money lent, Intered after a Rate not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any, three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to issue; their Warrants for that Purpose, as as such Loans shall be wanted for the Publick Service : And moreover, that no Money foto be lent upon the Security of' this Act, shall be rated or a defied by virtue of this Actor any other Act •; of, .Parliament whatsoever. • •,

■03p CXXXVIII and.be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, "who shall lend any '; C Money upon the Credit of this Act, as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan druck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the lame Date with his, her or their Taffy; in or upon which Order shall be alfq contained a Warrant for the Payment of Intered for the Forbearance thereof, at a Rate not exceeding the said Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to be paid every three Months, - until; the Repayment .of the Principal; Su Vr'^ and such Orders for Repayment of Money foto be lent,, shall be regiileredjn Courfp. according to the 11 ln Dates respectively; and, that ail and everyperfoh and'persons shall be paid in epurfe, .according as their Orders shall dand regid.ered in.the said regiderbooks, so as the Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, Adminidrators or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders feld entered in the said Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted to be the fird Person or.pcrfons to be paid out of the Moneys to come in by virtue of this Act; and he, she or they, who shall have his, her or .their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and .accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in course;; that the Moneys to come in by virtue of this Act, of or for the said several Rates and aftedrnents to be raised in Great Britain, as' aforesaid.. be, in the same Order liable to the - Satisfaction of, the said rclpeclive Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate; thejr Executors, aij miniftrators, Successors or Assigns respectively. without any undue Preference of one before, another,, and hot otherwise;; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; 'and

that

Chase of Loan at 4i. percent,

Tallies of loan fob j frruck.

and paid in '(Touilc, ' '

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 2. 109

that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken of any of his majesty's No Fee ft.r rc subjects, for providing or making any such Books or Rcgifters, or any Entries, Views or Searches, in or giftering, C for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest: thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also;; if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made either in point of Re Penalty for un giftry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this at, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Preference,

Party offending shall be liable hy Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party aggrieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference shall be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall for ever be incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the said Orders of Loan, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Tellers make Payment upon such Order,. according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed; then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks, therein offending, to be liable to fm h Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such manner as aforesaid; All which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, ffia'l and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin/ter; wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

CXXXIX Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of No undue pr?fe loan, ororders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Ln, cps d Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered first, C ahrce^iit so as he enters them all the same Day.. same ufy:

CXL Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Nor iffubfoqvcnt point of Payment, if the Auditor direeb, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay fubfe orders be paid quent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons befcr such as who did not come to'take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in course;; as there be so much Money mt^dedlncourfe reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; in terest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them. ->

CXLI And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be Orders assign rlue for Loans to be registered by virtue of this act, after Order entered in the Eook of Register aforesaid, abie' his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed and written on his, her or their Order, may assign and transfer his, her cr their Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid, for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, Succefiors and Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Aifignce may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties qzioties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof. ■

£ CXLII And, to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum, not to exceed in the ‘ Whole two millions, to be raised, either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by issuing Exchequer Bills, as is ‘ herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for tyre Public Service; ' Beit further provided and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissioners of his majesty's commifij°nersof Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the p„tverej to Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall judge it adviseable to raise the said Sum of two p.ireany'nnmiier millions, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such Loans as aforesaid, then they refpec of Exchequer tively are hereby authorised and empowered at any Time or Times, at once, or by such Proportions at a Bills of one com

Time as they respectively shall find to be most for the Advantage of the Public, to prepare and make, or in"

cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, in such Method and Form as they or he shall think most the principal safe and convenient, any Number of new Exchequer Bills, containing one common Sum, or different Monier,

Sums, in the principal Moneys, so that in case there shall be no Loans made, then all the principal Sums

to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this act, shall not exceed two millions; and in case

any such Loans shall be made as aforesaid, then all the principal Sums to be contained in the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, together with such Loans Co made, shall not exceed the said Sum of two millions.

CXLIII And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bills to be prepared and Bills to bear tn made in pursuance of this acr, shall and may bear an interest not exceeding the Rate of (our Pounds per JT1* ater, jjnn°r Centum per Annum, and proportionably for any greater or less Sum to be contained therein, and to be en 'per " payable to the Bearers thereof respectively; nevertheless the said Interest shall be abated and saved upon such of the said Bills to be made forth by this Act, as Ihali at any Time or Times be in the Receipt of he Exchequer, or in the Hands or Power of any Receivers or Collectors of any Taxes, Aids or Revenues whatsoever, payable to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, during such Time and Times respectively, as such Bills shall be or remain in the said Receipt, or in such Hands or Power as aforesaid ■ •

I 10

These Pills to be numbered arithmetically,

Treasury to direct the Course of Payment for j.oans or Exchequer Bills,

and toappeint Cheques, C

The Bills to be placed as cabin the Exchequer.

Clauses In the Malt Tax Aft relating to ex chcquerbills, CX tended to this.

C 2. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

CXLIV And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Bills, foto be prepared and made, shall be numbered arithmetically, beginning with N I. and lo proceeding in an arithmetical Progression attending, wherein the common Excess or Difference shall always be one, and shall be registered accordingly, so that the principal Sum to be contained in every such Bill (after Repayment of the Loans which shall have been made as aforesaid, if any such be, with the Intereff thereof, or reserving Money sufficient for that Purpose) may regularly be paid off', and discharged in course, according to the Number of every such Bill, as it shall (land in the said Kegifler; and that the Intereff upon all and every the said Bills shall be payable every three Months, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act; and that upon every such Bill there shall he endorsed, printed or written, inwords at Length, or in Figures, the Sum after which the Principal to be contained therein shall be payable in such Course, as aforesaid, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this Act.

CXLV Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Sum, not exceeding two millions, shall be raised partly by Loans, and partly by Exchequer Bills, according to the Powers before given by this Act; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, when and as often as they shall, by virtue of the said Powers, direct any such Loans to be taken, or any such Exchequer Bills to be made out, at the same Time also to direct and appoint the Course and Order in which such Loans and Exchequer Bills shall (land upon the said Register, and after what Sum they shall respectively begin to he payable in course, out of the Moneys arising by this Act, so as no subsequent Loans or Exchequer Bills be made to alter the Course at first appointed for prior Loans or Exchequer Bills, at the Time of taking in, or making out, such prior Loans or Exchequer Bills; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXLVI And it is hereby further enacted, That all the said Bills shall be prepared and made with such Cheques, Indents or Counterfoils, as shall bediredled by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that the Person orperlons, who is, are, or shall be appointed to pay off' the said Bills in course, shall, from Time totime, have theufe and Custody of one Part of all thecheques, Indents, or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, to be prepared and made by virtue of this Act, from which the said Bills shall have been cut, to prevent his or their being imposed upon by counterfeit or forged Bills; and that the Undertakers or Contradtors for exchanging or circulating the fatd Bills, or such of them as shall be current, shall, from Time to Time, have the Use and Custody of one other Part of all the said Cheques, Indents, or Counterfoils of the said Exchequer Bills, from which the same shall have been cut off", as aforesaid, in order to prevent their being imposed upon by any counterfeit or forged Bills; and that all the said Parts of the said Cheques, indents, or Counterfoils shall be delivered back into the Exchequer, when the said Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged.

CXLVII And it is hereby enacted. That the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more, of them now being, and the said High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act, to be placed as so much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, each and every of which Tellers shall be several ly charged with a Proportion of the said Bills, which shall be so placed in his Office respectively;; Law orufage to the contrary nctwithstanding.

CXLVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Bills to be issued as aforesaid, shall be current in like Manner, and with such Privileges and Advantages, and subject to such Rules and Directions, as are preferibsd and enacted by an Acto( this present Session of Parliament, entitled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thoufandfven hwidrcdand jixty four, for or concerning the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be made forth; and that all and every the Clauses and Provisoes in the said last mentioned Act relating to the Currency, Exchanging or Receiving the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills, by any public Receivers of Aids, Taxes or Supplies, or in his majesty's Receipt of the Exchequer, or for preventing the forging, counterfeiting, or altering the same Bills, or for making out new Bills in the room of such as shall he (hied up with Indorfements, loll, burnt, defaced, or otherwise destroyed, or for making out Exchequer Bills of five thousand Pounds each, or for making out Exchequer Bills, without bearing Intereff, or for making them afterwards to bear an Intereff, ora higher or lower Rate of Intereff, from Time totime, as the Contradtors shall agree to, or for preventing any Misapplication of the Fund on which the same are charged, or any other Misbehaviour of any Officers concerned in the receiving, ifi'uing, exchanging, paying off, or cancelling the same last mentioned Exchequer Bills, or for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to contract, from Time to Time, with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for Payment of the Intereff of, or exchanging for ready Money on Demand, the Exchequer Bills thereby authorised to be issued, at a Rate or Premium not exceeding four Pounds per Centum per Annum, or for preventing any Disabilities in such Contradtors, or for making them not liable to be Bankrupts on account of such Contradts, or for appointing a Paymnfter or Paymaiters for paying oft' or cancelling the same Exchequer Bills in due Course and Order, shall be extended, and conitrued to extend, as well to the Exchequer Bills by this Act authorised to be made forth, its to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of the said Act for granting and continuing the 4 Duties

Ill

Duties oil Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, as amply, fully'and effectually, to all Intents and i'urpofes, as. if the same Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted 'verbatim in this at.

‘ CXLIX And to the end the same Bills, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain un Mow the Moneys £ discharged, may the better obtain a Currency for such Time as they or any of them are hereby intended arilin? by this ‘ to be current; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money which shall from Time. rniu be a to Time arise at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the Aids, Taxes and affeitments by this al F ieii granted, shall, from Time to Time, as the same shall arise at the said Receipt, be issued and applied at the said Receipt for or towards paying off and discharging the Orders of Loan, for the Moneys which shall have been lent at the said Receipt, and for satisfying the Interest thereof, in such Course, Manner and Form as are before in this Act prescribed and appointed for that Purpose, until all the Principal and Interest payable upon such Orders of Loan shall be fully satisfied, or sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for the full Payment and Satisfadlion of the same, or the Moneys which shall, from Time to Time, arise at the said Receipt of Exchequer of or for the said Aids, Taxes or affeitments by this Act granted,, shall, from Time to Time, as the tame shall arise at the said Receipt, be issued to such raymufter by way of Impressed and upon Account, for or towards paying off or discharging the said Exchequer Bills which half have been made forth by virtue of this Act, in such Course as aforesaid, and for or towards the Charge of circulating and exchanging the same Bills, or any of them, and for or towards such other Payments as are. in and by this Act directed or allowed to be made or discharged out of the same, and for no other Ufo, Inr tent or Purpose whatsoever.

CL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the twenty-ninth Dry of September Treasury on 29, one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, or within ten Days after, the Commissioners of the Treafurv,. Sept. 17%, to or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commis take1a'v*ccoun; fioners of thetreafury for the Time being, shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken 3nd°elc and attested by the proper Officers, of all the Moneys which shall have been raised by Loans, or by. Ex chanted chequer Bills, or by any or either of those Ways or Means, for or towards the said Sum, not exceeding two millions, by this Act intended to be raised, as aforesaid, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid off or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain unditcharged, upon the said Orders of Loan and Exchequer Bills respectively, or upon any or either of them; which Account shall be publicly affixed in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt in the said Exchequer.

CLI And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys so remaining Unsatisfied Mo unsatisfied, or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due for the same, shall be paid and satisfied nies £° out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament, after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one Xid° 0r out'oft thousand seven hundred and sixty five, and shall be transferred thereunto, as soon as such Aid or Aids shall the 'sinking be granted; and if no such Aid or Aids shall be granted, whereunto such tinfatisfied Moneys shall be trans Fund., ferred, before the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, then the Moneys so remaining unsatisfied and undifeharged, upon the said Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills,, or any of them, with the Interest due or to grow due for the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys, as at any Time or Times flail be or remain in the same Receipt of the Surplufles,.

Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Ufcs, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued for supplying.

Money to the said Paymafler, for discharging the said unsatisfied Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills in course, as the said Commissioners of thetreafury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall direct.... all the Principal and Interest, which shall be or remain due upon the said Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, shall be fully cleared and paid off, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose; and if at any Time ortimes before or after any Money of the said Aids, Taxes or Assessments hereby granted shall be brought into the Exchequer as aforesaid, there shall happen to be a Want of Money for paying Interest, which shall be actually incurred and grown due upon the said Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, or any of them, or for Payment of any Premium or Rate, which shall he incurred or grown due by any Contract or Contradls to be made by virtue of this Act, for circulating and exchanging the same Bills; that then,, and in every such Case, the Money so wanted shall and may be supplied out of the Moneys of the said Fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund (except before excepted) and be. issued accordingly.

CLII Provided always, and be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall'be The Moneys to, issued out of the said Surplufles, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Sinking bd replaced out fund, shall, from Time to Time, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in ofthefir11 Sup parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. p

‘ CLIII And whereas several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, made upon and in purfuanee of an Deficiency of theat of Parliament of the second Year of his present majesty's Reign, entitled, Ah Act for granting an lanitax2geo,. ‘ Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Tear one thoufandseven fupphedr **

( hundred and jixty two; still remain unpaid for want of sufficient. Money arising by the said Act being ‘ come into the Exchequer, to answer and pay the same, and it is uncertain how much thereof the Moneys ‘ arising by the said Act will be able to answer and difeharg'; ' Be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid.

That if the Money arisen or to arise into the Exchequer, for or on account of the said Aids, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of Septemberwhich shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand leven hundred and sixty four, shall not be sufficient o discharge the whole Principal and Interest due, or to grow due, on, the several Orders of Loan or Exchequer Bills, made upon and in purfuanee of. the said Act, that then fa

much

ji2 C 3. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

much Money as shall then appear to be deficient or wanting for anfweiing the Purposes aforefiiid, shall and may be supplied and made good out of any the Moneys arising into the Exchequer, by or from tyre Loans or Exchequer Bills on this Act, or any other Moneys or Loans that arc or shall be appropriated for the Service of the Year onethoufnnd fcvcn hundred and sixty four; and thycoinmissioncrs of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the High Trcafurcr for the 1 ime being, shall dircist and apply the same accordingly;; Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanjing.

Preamble.

Number of Forces 171532, inducing 2, 739 Invalids,

After 24 March 1764, during the Continuance of this Act, every Officer and Private Man,

who shall mutiny or desert, cor

list in any ocher Regiment, cor

shall be found sleeping on, or hall desert, his Poll, or hold illegal correspondence with cha Enemies of his Majestyt or shall strike, or disobey his fupe riorofficer; shall fuaar Death, or

CAP. III

An Act for pnnifhing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and

their Quarters.

IIE REAS the railing or keeping a Standing Army within this Kingdom, in Time of Peace, unless it be with Consent of Parliament, is against Law; And whereas it is judged necessary by ‘ his Majesty, and this present Parliament, t .at a Body of Forces fhoukl be continued for the Safety of ‘ this Kingdom, ' the Defence of the Pofieffioiis of the Crown of Great Britain, and the Preservation of the ‘ Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces fhoulj consist of seventeen ‘ thousand five hundred and thirty-two effective Men, including two thousand fcvcn hundred and thirty ‘ nine Invalids: And whereas, during the late just and necessary War in which his Majesty has been en ‘ gauged against France and Spoil, fotne Part of his majesty's Forces, exceeding the Number aforesaid, has ‘ been employed in distant Parts beyond the Seas, which must render the Time when such Forces may ‘ return home uncertain; some of which are intended to be broke, and others reduced, as soon after such ‘ Arrival as conveniently may he; And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or fubjedlcd C in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by martial Law, or in any other man e ner than by the Judgement of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; ‘ yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that * an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny, or stir up Sedition, or shall desert ‘ ills majesty's Service within this Realm, or the Kingdom of Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, Aldcnuy and Sark, ^ or the islands thereto belonging, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual ‘ Forms of the Law will allowbe it therefore enacted by the king's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any Person being mustered, or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be lifted, or in Pay as a Soldier, and on the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty feur shall remain in such Service, or shall, during the Continuance of this Act herein after mentioned, voluntarily enter himself in his majesty's Service as a Soldier, shall, at any Time, during such Continuance of this Add, within the Realm of Great Britain, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, or the Islands thereto belonging, or in the Bland of Minorca, or in his majesty's Garrison of Gibraltar, or in any his majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas refpeciively, begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition, in the Company, Troop or Regiment whereto he doth belong, or in any other Company, Troop or Regiment in his majesty's Service, or shall not ufc his utmo; Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer, or Shall desert his majesty's Service.; or being a Soldier actually lifted in any Regiment, Troop or Company, shall lift himself in any other Regiment, Troop or Company, without a Discharge produced in Writing from the Colonel, or, in his ab fence, the Field Officer commanding in Chief the Regiment, Troop or Company, in which he last served as a listed Soldier; or shall be found sleeping upon his Post, or shall leave it before relieved; or if any Officer or Soldier in his majesty's Army shall, cither upon Land, within or out of Great Britain, or upon the Sea, hold Correspondence with any Rebel, or Enemy of his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence, either by Letters, Messages, Signs or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever;; shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without his majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General, Lieutenant General, or Chief Commander; or shall strike, or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of hi, superior Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a court-martial shall be inflicted, such puni(hment at a court-martial shall inflict.

The King may II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That his Majesty may, from Time to Time, fion o rant a Commission under his Royal Sign Manual, to any Officer not under the Degree of a Field Officer,

court martial fr holding a General court-martial within this Realm; and also grant his Warrant to the Lord lieu r. ‘ ' tenant of Ireland, or other Chief Governor or Governors there for the Time being, or the Governor or

Governors of.minorca, Gibraltar, and any of his majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas refpeciively, or the Person or Persons there commanding in Chief, from Time to Time, to appoint court-martial in the Kingdom of Ireland, and other Places and Dominions refpeciively; in which court-martial all the of f.nces abovementioned, and all other Offences herein alter fpccifitd, shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner, as by this Act shall be hereafter directed.

III

A, D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 3. 113

III And be it also further enabled, That it Shall and may be lawful to and for such court-martial, coui.ts martbl may ih by their Sentence or Judgement, to inflict Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, on flift Corporal pumfii any Soldier for Immoralities, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty. mem for Immoralities,

IV And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That no General court-martial which shall clave Power to sit by virtue of this Act, Shall consist of a less Number than thirteen, whereof none General court-martial to be under the Degree of a Commission Officer; and the President of such General court-martial, not to consist of lets shall neither be the Commander in Chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be j'an *3 5 andj.hf.^5®' tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had; in which 0? officer next in Case, the Officer next in Seniority to the Commander, not being under the Degree of a Captain, Seniority, not under the shall preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial shall have Power and Authority, and Degree of a Captain, are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the Examination or Trial ofmay administer an Oath any of the Offences that shall come before them. towitneffes.

V Provided always. That in all Trials of Offenders by General court-martial, to be held by Officers to be fworn0 virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths; upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Court, and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy (who are hereby authorised to administer the same) in these Words; that is to say,

C v7 O U shall well and truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter now The Oath,

‘ JL before you, between our Sovereign Lord the king's Majesty, and the Prisoner to be tried :

So help you GOD.

A. B. do swear. That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for thetheoatb, ^

__ better Government of his majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament now ‘ in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, with e 'out Partiality, Favour or Affection; and if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the ‘ said Articles or Act of Parliament, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and ‘ the Custom ofwar in the like Cases. And I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence

* of the Court until it shall be approved by his Majesty, the General, or Commander in Chief;

‘ neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opi ‘ nion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof, as ‘ ■a Witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law : ' o

<. So help me GOD'

And so'foon. as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President The Judge Advocate t of the Court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person be sworn, officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words :

* T A. B. do swear. That I will not, upon any'account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or. dif the Oath,

‘ X cover thevote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to.

‘ give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law :

. i So help me GOD.'

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such Case by any General Court jn Sentences cf Eeith, martial, unless nine Officers present shall concur therein; arid if there be more Officers present than nine Officers to concur, thirteen, then the Judgement shall pass by the Concurrence of two Thirds of the Officers present; C and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Hours of Trial.

Clock in the. Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

VI Provided always. That the Party tried by any General court-martial in the Kingdom of Great The Party tried, inti. Britain or Ireland', or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, or Sari, or the Islands thereto belonging, shall tied to a Copy of the be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such court-martial, upon Demand thereof Sentence Jnd procee.i made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for of e Co "rt"mar'! the same) at any Time not sooner than three Months after such Sentence; and in the Case of Trials lia'

by any General court-martial at Gibraltar or Minorca, at any Time not sooner than six Months after the Sentence given by such court-martial; and in the Case of Trials by any General court-martial in his'majesty's other Dominions beyond the Seas, at any Time not sooner than twelve Months after the Sentence given by such court-martial, whether such Sentences be approved or not; anything in this Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

VII Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Original Proceeding., Person officiating as such at any General court-martial, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, cof court-martial •with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the origi bjuj" n, vucai eg'. nal Proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial to the Judge Advocate General in London -, veralvlindon C which said original Proceedings and Sentence Shall be carefully kept and preserved in the office of such

Judge Advocate General, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the said. Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this al.

VIII Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted. That no Officer or Soldier being None to be tried a ad acquitted or convicted of any Offence, be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other for those

Vol. IX Court

fence, except in case of Appeal.

This at not to exempt Soldiers from ordinary Process.

Penalty on falfc Certificates to excuse Soldiers from Musters.

Penalty onofficcrs making farte Muster See.

Fictitious Names allowed by his majesty's Order upon the muster rolls, for the Maintenance of Officers Widows, not to be construed a false Muller.

muster' mailer to give Notice of Muder to Mayor, CI

Penalty on muster master neglecting foto do.

muder rolls to be signed by the Mayor, &<;.

Penalty on Persons offering themselves to be falsely mtfftered.

Horses falsely mndered, to be forfeited, CC

3. Anno quarto Georgii. III A. D. 1763.

court mariial for the same Offence, unless in the Case of an Appeal from a regimental to a General court-martial; and that no Sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

IX Provided always, That nothing in this al contained shall extend, or be construed to exempt anv Officer or Soldier whatsoever, from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law.

X And, for preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the mustering of. Soldiers, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person do make or give, or procure to be made Sr given, any false or untrue Certificates, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster, or any, other Service which he ought to attend or perform, upon Pretence of being employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or of Sickness, being in Prison, or on Furlough; that then every such Person, so making, giving, or procuring such Certificate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum. of fifty Pounds, and shall be forthwith cafhiercd and displaced from his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any military Office or Employment within this Realm, or in his ma jefly's Service; and no Certificate shall excuse the Absence of any Soldier, but for the Reasons above • mentioned, or one of them; and the Commissary of the Musters is hereby directed to set down on the Roll, at the Time of the taking of the Muster, the Reason of the Absence of such Soldier re.. and by whom certified; and not to set down any such Excuse, without View of such Certificate.

XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, and every commiftary, muster master, or other Officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the muster roll, wherein such false Muller is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and. also every Commissary, muftcr master, or other Officer, who shall directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any other Gratuity, on or for the mustering any Regiment, Troop or Company, or on or for the signing of any muster rolls, or any Duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses before a General court-martial, to be thereupon called (which is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath) shall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his majesty's Service.

XII ‘ And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased, in Compassion to the distressed Condition of Lveral Widows of Officers of the Army, who have lost their Lives in the Service of the ‘ late War, or during the late Rebellion, by Orders made under his Royal Sign Manual, to direct his 4 Commissary General of the Musters, to allow upon the muster rolls of all the Regiments, Troops ‘ and Companies, a Number of fictitious Names therein mentioned, instead of private Men, in or ‘ der to raiib and settle a Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers as are or shall be ‘ entitled to his royal Bounty : And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased, under his ‘ Royal Sign Manual, to give the like Directions to his Commissary General of the Marines, and ‘ has appointed a Receiver for the Purposes aforesaid, and directed the Paymaster General and the ‘ Paymaster of the Marines, by like Orders under his Sign Manual, to pay over the full Pay of such ‘ fictitious private Men to such Receiver, to be distributed to such Widows, according to his In ‘ ftructions in that Behalf; ' Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Allowance of any such fictitious Name upon any muster roll shall be construed to be a false Muster; anything in this Act or any former Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissary or muster master, upon any Muster to be made, had, or taken by him or them, shall, by a convenient Time before such Muster made, give Notice to the Mayor, or other chief Magistrate, or Officer of the Place where the said Soldiers foto be mustered shall be quartered; who is hereby required to be present at every such muster, and give his utmost Assistance for the discovering any false or untrue Muster there made, or offered to be made; and that every such Commissary or muster master, making or taking such Muster, that shall neglect to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall refuse to take the Aid and Assistance of such Mayor, chief Magistrate, or Officer, where the Soldiers to be mustered shall be quartered, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and shall be discharged from his Office; and no muster roll shall be allowed, unless the same be signed by the said Mayor, or other chief Magistrate, or Officer respectively: : in case such Mayor, chief Magistrate, or Officer shall not, upon due Notice given, attend such Muster, or shall refuse to sign such muster roll, with -- out giving good and sufficient Reasons for such his Refusal; that then the Commissary may proceed to muster such Regiment, Troop, or Company, without incurring the said Penalty; and such muster roll shall be allowed, though not signed as aforesaid; provided that Oath be made before any of his majesty's Justices of the Peace within forty-eight Hours after such Muster; and the said muster roll shall then be produced, and examined by the said Justice of the Peace, who is hereby required to sign the same, if there shall appear to be no good or sufficient Objection to the same.

XIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall be falsely mustered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be mustered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath by two Witnesses before the next Justice of the Peace for the'county where such Muster shall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in Writing under the Hand of the Commissary of the Musters, or chief Magistrate, as aforesaid, made to such Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorised and required to commit such Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain for the Space of ten Days; ' and if any Person shall'wittinglyor willingly lend or furnish

any

£15

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 3.

Forfeiture how to be levied.

Officer embeziling, Seer Military Stores;

to, be cashiered, and forfeit xool. and the Damage to be made goodbye sae of his Goods and Chatties; for Want of Distress, thepcrfon to be committed.

Application of the Forfeiture. §

muster master, See. taking a Mtfftor, to make Oath.

ally Horse to be mustered, which hall not truly belong to the Trooper or Troop (b mustered;; aid Horse so falsely mustered shall be forfeited to the Informer, if the same doth belong to the Person lending or furniftiing the said Horse; or othevwife, the Person lending or furnishing the said Horse hall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, upon Oath made by two Witnesses before the next Justice of the Peace; which twenty Pounds hall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatties of the Person so offending, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner; and in case such Offender shall not have sufficient Goods and Chatties, whereon Distress maybe made, to the Value of the Penalty to be recovered against him, or shall. not pay such Penalty within four Days after such convihion, then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace hall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice;; the said Forfeiture shall be to such Person or Persons that hall give Information thereof; and the said Informer or Informers, if belonging to the Service, shall have a Right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they hall demand the same.

XV And be it further cnahed by the Authority aforesaid, That every Cdmmission Officer, Storekeeper, or Commissary, that shall embezil or misapply, or cause to be emheztlcd or misapplied, or shall wilfully, or through negleh, suffer any Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition or other military Stores, to be spoiled or damaged, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses, before a General court-martial (which is hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath) hall be forthwith dismissed his majesty's Service, and forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and is hereby required to make good, at his own Expense, the Loss and Damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such court-martial, which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chatties of the Person so offending, and sell them for the Payment of the said one hundred Pounds, and such Damage; and if sufficient Goods and Chatties cannot be found and seized, then the Person so offending shall be committedto Prison, or the common Gaol, to remain there for six Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency; and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as his Majesty shall direst and appoint.

. XVI And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissary of the musters, or muster masser, either of the Land Forces or Marines, making or taking a Muster, do make Oath before the Mayor or chief Magistrate attending the making or taking such Muster as aforesaid, if such Mayor or chief Magistrate so attending be a Justice of the Peace, or cthenvife before some other Justice of the Peace for the County where.such Muster shall be taken (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same without Fee Or Reward) in manner and Form following: •

* TA. B. do swear, That I saw, at the Time of making the within Muster, such Men or Horses The Oath.

4 JL as are born, and not respited, on the muster roll, for which Men of Horses a signed Certifi

‘ cate or Certificates are not endorsed on the Back of the Roll, Certifying their being absent from the 4 Muster by reason of being employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or by being sick, C in Prison, on Furlough, or at Grass, or by a signed Leave from the Colonel or Field Officer, or 4 Officers commanding the Regiment, Troop or Company.

Which Oath the said Commissary or muster master is hereby directed to insert and subscribe on the Back of the muster roll by him transmitted into the Office of the Commissary General of. the Musters,, •;

4 And whereas a Doubt hath arisen, whether the Oath directed to be inserted and endorsed

* the Back of the muster roll (by the Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his late

‘ Majesty King George the Second, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment 4 of the Army and their Quarters) ftiould not only be endorsed and subscribed on the Back of those ‘ muster rolls which are to remain with the refpehive muster masters General of his majesty's Land

4 Forces and Marines, but also on the Back of those muster rolls which are transmitted to the re

4 fpeflive Paymasters of the said Land Forces and Marines, and by them returned into the Office

4 of the Auditors of the Impressed; to obviate which Doubt, ' Be it ertahed and declared by the An „' '

thority aforesaid. That all such muster rolls as have been, or shall be, from Time to Time, trans trjnfmi"tted witboliuhc mitted to the said Paymaster General, and by them returned into the Office of the Auditors of the o.i!h endorsed to the Impressed, fmee the passing the said AH, shall be deemed good and sufficient Vouchers to the said 1'aymafters General, to Auditors of the Impressed, although the before mentioned Oath be not inserted and endorsed 011 the be good Vouchers to .he Back of such muster rolls; anything in the said AH contained to the contrary in any wise not aujlton withstanding.

XVIII And be it further cnahed, That if any Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk of' any Garrison, pen3iry on Agent, C

Regiment, Troop, or Company, hall wilfully detain or withhold, by the Space of one Month, the detamining officers or

Pay of any Officer or Soldier (Clothes and all other just Allowances being deduhed) after such Pay Soldiers Pay.

shall be by him or them received, or if any Officers, having received their Soldiers Pay shall refuse to

pay each refpehivenon commissionofficer and Soldier their refpehive Pay, when it shall become due,

at the Rate of Seventeen Shillings and sixpence per Week for each Corporal of Light Horse; fourteen Weekly Rates.

Shillings Week for eachtrumpeter and private Trooper; nine Shillings and eleven Pence per Week

for each Dragoon; nine Shillings and four pc iice pir Week for each Sergeant; • six Shillings and twopence

'per Week for each Corporal; five Shillings ter Week for each Drummer; four Shillings per

Q Week

u6

Penalty on Agents, difo keying of Orders,

Surgeon, C witkinten Miles of London, C to certify who are Tick j

and commanding Officer, who are employed in Tailing' Recruits

Penalty on Officer mustering Persons by wrong Names,

conhables, C to quarter Officers and Men in Inns, Alehouses, chut

in no Distillers houpsj or Shopkeepers, oi in any private Houses,

C 3. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

week.for each private Soldier of his majesty's three Regiments of Foot Guards; and six Shillings per Week to each Sergeant; four Shillings and sixpence per Week to each Corporal and Drummer; and three Shillings per Week to each Foot Soldier of any other Regiment or Independent Company; and at the End of every two Months to account for one Shilling per Week to each Sergeant, and twopence per Week to each Corporal and Drummer, and .fix Pence per Week to each Foot Soldier; the said one Shilling per Week, twopence per Week, and sixpence per Week, being the Remainder of the Subsistence of each Sergeant, Corporal, Drummer, and Foot Soldier; then, upon proof thereof before a court-martial as aforesaid, to be for that Purpose held and summoned by his majesty's Order, every such Paymaftcr, Agent, Clerk, or Officer so offending, shall be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit to the Informer, upon Conviction before the said Court, one hundred Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid;; the Informer, if a Soldier (if he demands itj shall be, and he is hereby discharged from any further Service; anything in this AC! contained to the contrary notwithstanding: : the commanding Officers of the three Regiments offoot Guards are hereby empowered, if they judge it necessary for the Good of the Service, to make the same Stoppages of one Shilling per Week from each Sergeant, twopence per Week from each Corporal and' Drummer, and sixpence per Week from each foot.soldier; and at the End of every two Months to account for the said one Shilling per Week to each Sergeant, and twopence per Week to each corporal and Drummer, and sixpence per Week to each Foot Soldier, in the same Manner as is hereby directed for the Marching Regiments.

XIX And for the better Execution hereof, and that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Regiments, and Independent Troops and Companies, the said. Agents are hereby required and directed to observe such Orders and Directions as shall, from Time to Time, be given by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual, or by the Lord Treasurer, or commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and if any Agent mall refuse or neglect to observe and' comply with such Orders and Directions, he shall be discharged from his Office, and be _ utterly disabled to have or hold any such Office in his majesty's Service.

XX And it is hereby enacted, That the Surgeon, or his Mate, shall, within the Cities of London and Wejimtnjler, and ten Miles of the same, certify upon Oath to the muster master, that he hath actually seen such Personas he certifies to be sick;; such commanding Officer shall also certify the Names of such others, as shall be employed in railing Recruits; and if such Certificate shall prove false, upon conviction thereof, before a court-martial, the Officer signing such Certificate shall suffer such Penalties, and in such manner, as is declared and inflicted by this Act upon those who shall make false Muftcrs; and the Commissary of the Musters is hereby directed to insert in the Docket annexed to the muster rdll, the Place where, and the precise Day when, every muster roll is taken.

■XXI. And it is enacted, That if any Officer or Commissary shall muster anyperfon by a wrong. Name knowingly, upon conviction thereof before a General court-martial, the said Officer or com nvffary shall suffer such Penalties, and in such Manner, as is directed and inflicted by this Act upon those who shall make false Musters.

XXII ‘ And whereas by the Petition of Right, in the third Year of King Charles the First, it is: ‘ enacted and declared. That the People of this Land are not by the Laws to be burdened with the ‘ sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by aclaufe in an act of Parliament made in the one

* and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to his Majesty ‘ of two hundred and six thousand four hundred.sixty two Pounds seventeen Shillings and three

* for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, That no Officer, Civil or

* Military, nor other Person whatsoever, should, from thenceforth, presume to place, quarter, or.

* billet, any Soldier or Soldiers upon any subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree,, ‘ Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent - that it shall and may be lawful for

* any Subject, Sojourner, or Inhabitant, to refuse to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstand

* ing any Demand or Warrant, or Billetting whatsoever: : forasmuch as at this Time, and during ‘ the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Re

* Troops, and Companies, ill several Parts of this Kingdom; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, it shall and" may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, and Villages, and other Places, within England, ivalcs, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for anyone Justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village, or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other Civil Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in his majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, vidlualling houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, other than and except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Company of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to their Freedom before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, or who since have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company, in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, .notwithstanding such Per — fons who keep Taverns only have taken out victualling Licences; and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, or met'neglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and: except the House or Houses of any Diftillcrs, who keep Houses or Places of diftilljng Brandy and

Strong

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 3. ny

Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes, than in Brandy and Strong Waters (fo as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fnffer Tippling in his or their Houses) and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered, than there are effective Soldiers present to be quartered : And if any Conftahle, Tythingman, or suchlike Officer Penalty on conthmes, ' or Magistrate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or Billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such C quartern Soldiers private House, without the Content of the Owner or Occupier; in such Case, such Owner or Oc 'n Private Houses, C cupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier shall sustain thereby; And if any Military Officer shall take upon him to Penalty on Officers quar quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited ancrailowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace feting Soldiers contrary, or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned, tend t0 ths Aa ic' ing to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Military Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible wit nefles) be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cafhired, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his majesty's Service; provided the said con viftion be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any Person shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tything Persons aggrieved by be man, or Headborough, chief Officer, or Magistrate (such chief Officer or Magistrate not being a ins quartered on, may Justice of the Peace; has quartered or billetted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than be antbe rd.eved' u "ick' ought to bear in proportion to his Neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or r

Justices of the Peace of thedivifion, City, or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City, or Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have,, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons, as they shall see cause; and such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

XXIII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Justice or Justices of the Peace, having N„ havjnf! any or executing any military Office or Commission in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall or Military office, L be may, during the Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly be concerned in the quartering, bil concerned in billeting his ieting, or appointing any Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers in the Regiment, Troop, or Com Soldiers.

pany, under the immediate Command or Commands of such Justice or Justices, according to the dif nofition made for quartering of any Soldier or Soldiers by virtue of this Act; but that all Warrants, Acts,

Matters, or Things executed or appointed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, for or concerning the same, shall be void; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithfhnding.

XXIV Provided nevertheless, ana it is hereby enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers so quar Officers and Soldiers to

tered and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the Ow pay Rales pto'

ners of the Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, viftualling houses, and other Houses in which they are v‘11, rs'

allowed to be quartered and billeted by this Act; paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the subhftence money for Diet and Small Beer.

XXV Provided always, That in case any Innholder or other Person on whom any non com whatlnnholdersmayal mission Officers or private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or Men quartered on. employed in Recruiting; and likewise except the Recruits by them raised, for the Space of seven thun' ° at" Days at most, for such non commission Officers and Soldiers who are recruiting, and Recruits by

them raised) shall be desirous to furnish such non commission Officers or Soldiers with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Man per diem, gratis, and allow to such non commission Officers or Soldiers the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the com tnanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then, and in such Case, the'

non commission Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive, the Pay and Subsistence of such non commission Officers and Soldiers, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable: out of the subsistence money for Diet and Small Beer, to the non commission Officers and Soldiers aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such non commission Officers and Soldiers are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer shall Penalty on taking mo take, or cause to he taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for excusing neytoercufeany Person' the quartering of Officers or Soldiers or any of them, in any House allowed by this Act, every. tiom quartering, such Officer shall be cashiered, and be incapable of serving in any military Employment whatsoever.

XXVII ‘ And whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, and may arise, in such Places where Drains. C and their ‘ Horse or Dragoons are or may be quartered, by the billeting of the Aden and their Horses at different e Hbe bllletod in ‘ Houses, and often at great I iftances from one another, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of me amt m C

‘ this Act; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Places where Plorfe or Dragoons shall be quartered or billeted in pursuance of this Act, for the future the Men and their Horses shall be billeted in one and the same Houses (except in case of Necessity) and that in no other Case whatsoever there be left than one Man billeted where there shall be one or two Horses, nor

3cfs; '

11

8

Manner of clianginj Men and Horses.

Clause relating to a soldier's Settlement for his Wife and Children

Officers, C to be quartered in Scotland, as the Laws in Force at the Union direct

No Paymaster, C to

make Deduttions out of Officers or private Mens Fa y.

Exceptions,

Treasury may ifine out the Money due for Clothing, every two Months.

Pay mailers to deduct the oft reckonings.

Officers to give Notice to Inrtkeeps of subfiflence money in their Hands.

C 3. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763

less than tvvo'mcn where there shall be four Horses;; foin proportion for a greater Number j and in such Case each Man shall be billeted as near his Horse as possible.

XXVIII C And whereas fomc Doubts have arisen, whether commanding Officers of any regie ment, Troop, or Company, may exchange any Men or Horses quartered in any Town or Place, ‘ with another Man or Horse quartered in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service; ' Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Exchange as abovementioned maybe made by such commanding Officers rcfpe'dtivdy; provided the Number of Men, or Horses, do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on fuchhoufcor Houses; and the Conflables, Tythingmen, head boroughs, and other chief Officers, and Magistrates of the Cities, Towns, and Villages, or other Places where any Regiment, Troop, or Company shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet lueh Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly.

XXIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful for any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place, where any non commission, Officer or Soldier shall be quartered, in case such non commission Officer or private Soldier have either Wise, or Child, or Children, to cause such non con mission Officer or Soldier to be summoned before them, in the Town or Place where such non commission Officer or Soldier shall be quartered, in order to make Oath of the Place of their last legal Settlement; (which Oath the Paid Justices are hereby empowered to adminiller) and such non commission Officers and private Soldiers as aforesaid, are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them, to theperfon making the same, to be by him delivered to his commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required; which attested Copy shall be at anytime admitted in Evidence, as to such last legal Settlement, before any of his majesty's Justices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace; Provided always, That in case any non commission Officer or private Soldier shall be again fmn moned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken, being produced by him, or by any other Person on his Behalf, such non commission Officer or Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath, with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

XXX and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in Force in Scotland at the Time of the Union; and that the pofteffors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in Force at the Time of the Union was provided; and that no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXXI 'And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand feveii hundred and sixty four, no Paymaster General, or pay master of the Army, Paymaster of the Marines, Secretary at War, Commissary, or muller mailer, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their under Officers, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatfeever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in his majesty's Army, or from tkeir Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, other than the usual Deductions for Clothing; and twelve Pence in the Pound to be disposed of as his Majesty shall think fit; and the one day's Pay in the Year for the Ufc of the royal Hospital at Cbclfca; and such other necessary Deductions as shall, from time to time, be directed hy his Majesty under his Royal Sign manual.

XXXII And, for the Encouragement of the due and well Clothing of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted. That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, may, if he or they see convenient, at the End of every two Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, notwithstanding the muster rolls have not been duly returned : And the respective Paymasters are hereby directed to make Dedudlions. of all off reckonings, and to pay the same to such Person or Persons only as have a regular assignment for Clothes by him or them delivered to the said Regiment, Troop, or Company; and the Receipt of such Person or Persons having or being lawfully entitled to such Assignment, to be from L ime to Time taken for the same; and when no such Assignment appears, the off reckonings to remain in the Hands of the said Paymaster respectively, for the Use of the Regiment, Troop or Company, until a new Contract for Clothing and Assignment is made.

XXXIII And that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers in Great Britain, and in jerjy, Gucrnfey, Alderney, and Sark, and the Islands thereto belonging," may hereafter be duly paid and satisfied, and his majesty's'duties of Excise better answered, Be it it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive, the Pay or sub'fiftence money, either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or otherwise, shall immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall, from Time to Time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subsistence, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers are quartered by virtue of this Add; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters at such Times as they shall appoint for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay or Subfile r.ce money to the Officers or Soldiers, which shall be within four Days at the farthest after tiie Receipt of the same as aforesaid; and the said Innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acquaint

Anno quarto Georgii III

C

119

quaint fuchofficer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any shall] be) between them and the Officers and Soldiers so quartered in their respective Houses; which Accounts the said Officer or Officers are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or sub fiftence be distributed either to the Officers or Soldiers : Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for Rates of Subfiilcnce to a Commission Officer of Horse, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such officer's Diet and t paid to Innkeepers, Small Beer, per Diem, two Shillings; nor for one Commission Officer of Dragoons, being under Soldiers Quarters, the Degree of a Captain, for such officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, one Shilling; nor for one Commission Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for such officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diein, one Shilling; and if fuchofficer shall have a Horse or Horses, for each Plorfe or Horses, for their Hay and Straw, per Diem, sixpence; nor for one Light horfeman's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, sixpence; and Hay and Straw for his Horse, per Diem, sixpence; nor for one dragoon's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, six Peirce; and Hay and Straw for his Horse, per Diem, sixpence; nor for one Foot Soldier's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, fourpence: And if any Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing Penalty on Officers not such Account stated, satisfy, content and pay the lame; upon Complaint and Oath made thereof, by pan? subfiiknce any two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Sefiions for the County or City where such Quarters were moncj' (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administer) the Paymaster or Paymasters of his majesty's Guards and Garrisons, and Marines, are hereby required and authorised (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Paymasters shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymaster or pay masters, and be discharged from holding the same for the future : And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Paymasters are hereby authorised and required to dedudl the Sums he or they shall pay, pursuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Pay or subsistence money of the Regiment to which such Officer or Officers shall belong; and such Officer or Officers shall, for every such Offence, or for negledling to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or subsistence money, as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared, -

fatto cashiered. And where it shall happen that the subsistence money due to any Officer or Soldier shall, by occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or Soldier, or such Officer or Soldier shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be or are not paid, as'this Act directs; and where any Horse', Foot or Dragoons shall be upon their March, so that no Subsistence can then be remitted to them, to make Payment as this Act. directs, or they shall negledf to pay the same; in every such Case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Re On Nonpayment of giment, Troop or Company shall remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts, as this Quarters, the officer to Act directs, with every Person with whom such Regiment, Troop or Company shall have quartered, U Au: ounts> and signa Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate so by him signed to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Regiment, Troop or Company to which he or they shall, belong; to the end the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the Paymaster of his majesty's Guards and Garrisons, or to the Paymaster of the Marines, who are hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the end the lame may be applied to such Regiment, Troop or Company respectively, under pain as is before in this Act. :

directed for Nonpayment of Quarters.

XXXIV And be it further enacted. That no Commifiary shall muster any Regiment, Troop or N? Muster m West company, within the City of tvejiminjier, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, but in [he'p^fen'ce'of two" the Presence of two or more Justices of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the before or more justices.. mentioned Penalty; unless such Justices, upon forty-eight Hours Notice given to six of his majesty's

Justices of the Peace, residing within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect to attend such Muster; and in case of such Neglect, such Commissary may proceed to muster luc'n Regiment, Troop or Company: Provided that Oath be. made before any of his majesty's Justices of the Peace, within forty-eight Flours after such Muster taken, that such Notice was given to six Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid: Which Justices so attending, are hereby impovvered to sign the said muster rolis, and to take Cognizance of such Muster, and to examine the Truth thereof, before they sign the same.

XXXV And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may p.°nftables> jjpjj

be lawful to and for the High Constables, Petty Conllables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen, within minster° C '* "

said City and Liberties of tvejlminjler, and Places adjacent, when thereunto lawfully required, ' '

to billet and quarter the Officers and Soldiers of his majesty's said Regiments of Foot Guards, in such

Houses only, as by this Act are limited, in and about the said City and Liberties of ff 'ejiminjler, and

Places adjacent (except the City of London) during the Continuance of this Act: And when any

Order shall issue for the quartering or billeting any Officers or Soldiers within the said City and Liber Petty Constables, See.

ties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, the High Constable shall deliver out Precepts to the several . quarter Soldiers, in

Petty Constables, Headboroughs, or Tythingmen of each Parish, Ward, Hamlet and District, within' IC 110 tlve lvl*

their respective Divisions, to billet and quarter such Officers and Soldiers of his majesty's Regiments 1

of Foot Guards on such Houses only as by this Act is limfied within his respective Parifn, Hamlet or

District; and such Petty Constables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen shall, in pursuance thereof,

3 billet

I 20

consumes, C in deliver Lists at Quarter Selftons, on Oath, of inhabitants, and Soldiers quartered in their rcfpe&ive •dhifions $

to be infpc&eil without 5; «.

Copies of such Lists to be wrote by the Clerk, ttt 2 d. per Sheet, containing 150 Words.

Penalty on Default. Penalty'on giving defective Lists.

Kw to hi levied.

31*!* A to extend to

Jerfty, C

mutter rolls to be closed on Day of Muster,

and returned to the paymaster'of the Forces, C

Penalty.

Justices may order Con (tab Us to provide caari.iges,

C 3. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

billet and quarter every such Officer and Soldier in such Houses so subjected thereto by this Act, equally and proportionably, according to the Number of such Officers and Soldiers foto be billetted and quartered, and of the Houses so subjected to receive them; and such Officers and Soldiers of the foot Guards shall he quartered within the said City and Liberties of Westminster, and the Places adjacent, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as in otherparts of England, in all Cases, for which particular Provision is not made by this Act.

XXXVI And, for the better preventing Abuses in billeting and quartering such Officers and Soldiers in the said City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Petty Constables, Headboroughs and Tythingmen of their respective Parities, Wards, Hamlets and Districts within the same, Shall, at every General Quarter Sessions of' the Peace, to be held for the said City and Liberties of Westminjier, and Parts adjacent, make and deliver to the Justices, then in open Sessions assembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the said Justices are hereby authorised and required to administer) true Lists signed by them respectively of all such iioufe.s, together with the Number of all such Persons respectively inhabiting the same, within his or their Parish, Ward, Hamlet or Diilrift respectively, as are subject and liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, together with the Number of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billeted in each Houle respectively;; such Lists Shall remain with the Clerk of the Peace of the said City and Liberties of Westminster, to the Intent that all and every Person and Persons shah and may be at Liberty to inspect the same without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith, from '1 ime to Time, make and deliver to every or any Person or Persons who hall require the same, true Copies of all and every or any such Lists, upon being paid twopence a Sheet for each and every such Copies so taken, each Sheet to be computed at and contain one hundred and fifty Words; and if Default or ne»left Shall be made by any Petty Constable, Headborough or Tythingman of any such Parish, Ward, Hamlet or District, in the delivering such List to the justices at their Quarter Sessions, as aforesaid, or if he or they shall so deliver or cause to be delivered in any false or defective List, not including and specifying therein all and every such koufe.and Houses so liable by this Act to receive such Officers and Soldiers, or the Names of all such Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and bil hted in each House respectively; such Petty Constable, Headborough and Tythingman, or any of them, so offending therein, shall, for each such Offence, forfeiteach the Sum of fivepounds, to the Use of the Poor of such respective Parishes, Wards, Hamlets and Districts, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of one or more of his majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said City of Westminster, or for the County of Middlcjex (which Warrant or Warrants the said Justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to make and issue) and for want of sufficient Distress to be found for that Purpose, the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the common Gaol of the said City of Wejlmiijler, or County of Middlesex, there to remain for any Time to be limited by such Justice or Justices, not exceeding three Months, and not less than one Month, without Bail or Mainprize.

XXXVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be construed to extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark, and the Blands thereto belonging, as to the Clauses therein for mustering and paying, and the Penalties thereto belonging,

XXXVIII And be it further erufted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Commillary General of the Mullers, or his Deputy, Shall, upon every Muftcr taken by him or them respectively of any Regiment, Troop or Company, in his majesty's Service, close the muster rolls of the said Regiment, Troop or Company, upon the Place, the same Day tbemufter is taken; and shall return one of every of the said Rolls so taken in Parchment, to the Paymaster'general of his majesty's Guards and garrisons, or to such Paymaster respectively, under whose Care the Payment of such Forces shall be; and one of the said Rolls so taken, to the Comptroller or Comptrollers of the Accounts of. the Arnny, the fourth Day after the said Rolls shall respectively be doled, if in London, or within twenty Miles Distance from the same; and if at further Distance, by the next Post after the said Rolls shall be respectively closed; and no Alterations or Indorfements shall be made in or upon the said muster rol., other than in the Case of Orders of Leave, or Dates of Commissions, and other •than involuntary Errors or literal Mistakes in writing or tranferibing the said muster rolls, upon pain of forfeiting their respective Employments, and the Sum of twenty Pounds, to any Person that will lue for the lame, for every such Offence.

XXXIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for his majesty's Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all Justices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Hidings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by an Order from his Majesty, or the General of his Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of his majesty's Ordnance, shall, as often as such Order is brought and shown unto one or more of them by the quarter master, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company, so ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the con ftablcs or Petty Constables of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred and Precinct, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop or Company shall be ordered to march.; requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages with able Men to drive the same, as is

mentioned

3-

Anno quarto Georgii III

121

mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them fufficienttime to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burden : And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Division or precincl; then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County,

Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shown to one or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrants to the Conflables or Petty Conflables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division or Precindl, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency: And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who, by virtue of the aforesaid Rates for Carriages. Warrant from the Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any wag gone with five Horses shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wain with six Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin proportion forlefs Carriages; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Con [table is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to.provide and furnish the same accordingly : And if any Military Officer or Of Penalty on offccm ficers, for the Use of whose Troop or Company the Carriage was provided, shall force and conflrain forcl"s t0

any Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, to travel more than one day's Tourney, or shall not dif wnv Sec' Charge the same in due Time for their Return home, or shall suffer any Soldier or Sergeant (except ' J such as are Tick.) or any Women to ride in the wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid, or shall force any Constable or Petty Conllable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners by themselves, Servants or Soldiers; every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his majesty's Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Paymafler General, or other respective Paymafler of his majesty's Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who - are hereby empowered to dedudl the same out of such officer's Pay.

XL And be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable or Petty Con Penalty on con/ublts, liable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall c nes!eft* be directed unto them for providing Carriages as aforesaid;; if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable to provide or furnish any Carriage and Man, shall refuse or neglect to provide the same; or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any al or Thing, whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be hindered or frustrated;; such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where any such Offence shall be committed : And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined by two of his majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

* XLI And whereas the refpe'ffive Sums of Money by this al appointed to be paid to the c011-‘ stables by the Officers demanding such Carriages, are not, in many Cases, sufficient to answer the ‘ Charge and Expense of providing the same, insomuch that the said Conflables are frequently at { great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great Burden ‘ of the Township of which he is Constable, or else the Persons performing fuc'n Carriages are ‘ grievously oppressed For Remedy whereof, and that the said Overplus Charge may be born by each County or Riding, at the general Charge of such County or Riding, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Treasurer or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding shall, s without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of charges.

Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring such Carriages, out of the public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules ana Directions, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Srifions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direct and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward) Regard being always had to the Season of the Year, and the Length and Condition of the Ways by and through which such Carriages are to travel.

XLII And in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentioned; It is hereby further enabled, That the said Justices of the Peace in the General The Money for those Quarter Sessions shall have Power, from Time to Time, to raise Moneys upon the respective Coun il0w t0 1

ties or Ridings in such Manner as they now raise Moneys for County Gaols and Eridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages. ' ' *

Vol. IX R XLIII

Treasurers of the court ty to repay th • C n ftable's extriorjin*»y

No Wagon, Sec. carry above 30 bundled Weight.

c.irrl.ipo: in Scotland ltov/ tv be provided. *

/

Soldier Wives, Sec. not to be quartered without Content.

_ Penalf}**

Penalty on Officers or Soldiers deftiosing the

How the Account of evety k.egiment shall be keut.

Penalty on Paymaftcre, See..

Penalty cn Colonels.

non commission Officer embezzling soldier's Pay, C to be reduced, koi

C 3. Anno quaito Georgii III A. D. 1763.

■ XLTII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wagon, Wain, cst or Carriage,, lmprefted by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to C arry above thirty hundred Weight; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces from time to Time quartered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnifher of fueh Carriages slit. 11 be paid, as was directed by the lay in force in Scotland at the Time of the Union.

XLV And he it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Act authorised to quarter Soldiers in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or maid servants of any Officer or Soldier in any fuclt Houses, against the Confem of the Owners; the Patty offending, if an Officer of the Army, shall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commander in Chief of the Army, or Judge Advocate, be ipj'o faflo cashiered;; if a Constable.. or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Justice of the Peace, to be levied by Warrant of fitch Justice, by Difhefs and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducting reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XLVI And for the better Preservation of the Game, in or near fueh Place, where any Officers or Soldiers shall at any Time be quartered; Be it enacted by the Authority alorelaid, That if, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day oi March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, any Officer or Soldier shall, without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal, first had; and obtained, take, kill or destroy any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort, of Fowls, Poultry or Fish, or his majesty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses.. before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same; (that is to say) Every Officer so offending shall, for every fueh Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor of the Place where fueh Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for. every fueh Offence committed by any Soldier under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid: And if, upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, fueh Officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties, fueh Officer so refuting or northeast gledling shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited, his Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

XLVII And be it enacted, That there shall be an exndl Account of all Moneys due, according to the muftcr rolls, to every Regiment in his majesty's Service, made between the Paymaster General, or other respective Paymailers of the Forces for the Time being, and' the Colonel of every, Rich Regiment, or the Agent by fueh Colonel respectively appointed and authorised to receive the Pay thereof, from Time to Time; (that is to say) when four Months become due, an Account shall. be stated as aforesaid, for the two preceding Months; and after the said Account shall be so made up and perfedled, it shall be registered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in the pay office, .and there subscribed by fueh Paymaster General, or other respective Paymaster, or his Deputy, and the Colonel, or Agent of the Regiment, who, together with the said Paymaster, made up the same; and a Duplicate thereof, by them respectively ftgned, shall be given to the said Colonel or Agent, without any, See or Reward to bepaid for the same: Which Colonel or Agent shall deliver to each Captain of the. Regiment an Account of so much thereof as respectively appertained to; him, and his Troop or com pany, and the inferior Officers or Soldiers thereof; and the Balance which shall remain upon making up every fueh Account as aforesaid, and also all other. Money as then shall become due to every, fueh1 Regiment, shall be, by the said Paymaster General, or other respective Paymaster, paid to the said Colonel or Agent respectively, at fueh Time as his Majesty shall direct: And the Paymaster General; or other respective Paymaster for the Time being, offending herein, shall forfeit, for every fueh Offence, one hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of his majesty's Courts of Record : And if any Deputy of the said Paymaster, or any Agent of a Regiment, shall offend in the Premises, upon Proof thereof made, fueh Deputy or Agent shall ipfofaflo lose his Place, and be incapable of that or any other Office for the future, and shall be liable to pay two hundred Pounds to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, by Action, Bill, Suit on Information, in any Court of Record at jvejltninfier, wherein no Effoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed : And if any colonel of a Regiment shall offend, therein, fueh Colonel shall forfeit, for every fueh Offence, one hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered as aforesaid.

XLVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every. non commission Officer who shall be convicted at a General or Regimental court-martial, of having embezzled or misapplied any Money with which he may have been entrusted for the Payment of the Men under his Command, or for enlisting Men into his majesty's Service, shall be reduced to serve in the Ranks as a Private Soldier, and be put under Stoppages until the Money be made good, and suffer fueh corporal: Punishment (not extending, to Life or Limb) as the court-martial shall think fit.

‘ XLIXL

'commit

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 3. 123

‘ XLIX And whereas several Soldiers being duly listed do afterwards desert, and are often found Justices may i * wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his Majesty's Service; ' It is hereby Deferteis. further enabted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough ortything man of the Town or Place, where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a de ferter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person;; if by his Confession, or the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected Person is a listed Soldier, and ought to be with the Troop or Company to which he belongs; such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall he found; or tothehouse of Correction, or other pub lick Prison in such Town or Place where such Delerter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City of London, or Westminster, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being, to the end such Person may be proceeded against according to Law : And the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction, or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter or Deserters, during the Time that he or they shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of the said Deserter or Dcferters; but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward, on account of the Imprisonment of such Deserter or Deserters; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

L And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend such Dc Reward for lakin^vp ferters, as aforesaid. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Justice of the Peace ueleftel1 shall also issue his Warrant in Writing to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish ortownfhip where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, into the Hands of such Person who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from his majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be finished by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his Account.

LL Provided always, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any Deserter from his Penalty on Persons con majesty's Service, knowing him to be such;; Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Of scaling deivrtnj, r fence, the "Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or other arn, £. wise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Soldier Ql '' L or Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed; the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and upon Conviction by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of his majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of five Pounds, and rive Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, hv Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended; and one Moiety of the said last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Soldier did belong; And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid, of harbouring or affiftingany such Deserter or Deserters;; having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes,

Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King; or having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be

changed, contrary to the Intent of this AEE, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon

Distress maybe made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall

not pay such Penalties within four Days after such Conviction; then, and in such Case, such Justice

of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to

the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of three Months, or • '

cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

LII Provided always. That no Commission Officer shall break open any House to search for De Penalty on officer ferters, without Warrant from a Justice of the Peace; and that every Commission Officer who shall breaking open House without Warrant from one or more of his majesty's Justices of the Peace (which said Warrants the without Warrant, said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to grant j forcibly enter into or break open the dwelling house orout houses of any Person whatsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LIII Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty to form, make and Hi Majesty impowwcj establish Articles of War for the better Government of his majesty's Forces, and for bringing Of,, nnke Articles o; fenders against the same to Justice; and to erect and constitute court-martial, with power to try, NV "' hear and determine any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of War, and inflict Penalties by Sentence or Judgement of the same, as well within the Kingdoms of Groat Britain and Ireland, Jersey, Gtternfey,

Alderney and Sark, and the Islands thereto belonging, as in the Bland of Minorca, his majesty's gar rifon of Gibraltar, and in any of his majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas.

LIV Provided always, T. hat no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punishment, None to be adjujgej of extending to Life or Limb, by the said Articles of War, within the Kingdom of Great Britain and or kimb. but for Ireland, jerjcy, Gtternfey, Alderney and Sark, and the Islands thereto belonging, except for such Crimes uvs*

as areexprefled to be so punishable by this Act. Af u ‘c; *

R 2

LV

I 24.

C

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

Tins AO to extend to Defertr's, C in Ireland, See.

Per Tors acquitted by the Civil Magi flute, may only be cashiered by a court-martial.

persons.a ecu fed of capital" CI fanes See. to be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate, C

pi fitiers beyond Scj,. LV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Soldier shall desert his C 4 hndtlicd here majesty's Service in any of his majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and shall escape and come into this Realm, or Ireland, or into Jersey, Guertfy, Alderney or Sark, or the iflar.ds thereto belonging, before he be tried by a court-martial for such Offence, and shall be apprehended for the same; such Officer or Soldier shall be tried for the same, as if the fuid Offence had been committed within this Realm.

LVI Provided always, That so much of this Act as relates to the Punishment of Mutineers and Dcfertcrs, within this Realm, and such who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or ot'nerwife receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King, from any Soldier or Deserter, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to such Governors, or other Officers in Garrisons, and Forces, as his Majesty has now in Pay, or shall have in Pay in Ireland, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, and the Islands thereto belonging, and shall be put in execution in that Kingdom, by all Justices of the Peace, and other Officers respectively, according to the Tenor of, and during the Continuance of this Act.

LVII Provided also, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital Crimes, Violences or Offences, by the Civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be puuifhed by a court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cashiering.

LVIII Provided also, That if any Officer, non commiffien Officer or Soldier, hall be accused of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate or Property of any of his majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to ute his utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil magi ilrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending fuchoffender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fast is committed, by theoath of two credible Witnesses, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso fadlo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his majesty's Service; provided the said con viftion be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

LIX Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every present and future Paymafler, Agent, or Clerk of anygarrifon, Regiment, Troop or Company, who is or shall be liable to account with any or the Executors and Administrators of every Officer or Soldier, for any of the Say of fnch Officer or Soldier, by him or them received; shall, on reasonable Demand made by such Executor or Adminiilrator, deliver a just and true Account to any such Executor or Adminiffrator, of such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such Officer on Soldier, and for which they ought foto account as aforesaid, such Executor or Adminiffrator paying for the same; and shall account with such Executor or Adminiffrator for the same; and that every such Paymafler, Agent, or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop or Company, offending herein, shall forfeit the like Penalties, and to be recovered in like Manner as appointed by this Act, for such Colonels or Agents not giving due Accounts of or for the Pay of the said Officers or Soldiers, to and for such Officers and Soldiers themselves.

LX And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Aft, Matter or Thing, to be acted or done in pursuance of this Act, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and any Person or Persons sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the General Issue, that he or they are Not Guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue;; Special Matter being pleaded, had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their Charge : And if the Verdict shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof; that in every such Case the Justice or Justices, or such other Judge, before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall by force and virtue of this Act allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their treble Costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the said Defendant orde fendants shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases, where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

All Suits to be brought LXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Bill, Plaint, Action or ukfomeofthecnurts of Suit, against any Person or Persons, for any Aft, Matter or Thing to be acted or done in pursuance or^diiblin, o'tjw'coutt or asa'n^ aily Member or Minister of a court-martial, in respect of any Sentence of

of Seflioa in Scotland, such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in forne of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

Pa yin afters. Sec. to account with Executors.

Persons sued may plead the General Issue,

Treble Cost?,

LXII

A. D, 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 3. 125

LXII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and everything Continuance of this herein contained, flail be and continue in force within the Realm of Great Britain, from the said Act. twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fixed five; and flail be and continue in force "within the Kingdom of Ireland, and in Jersey, Gucrnfey, Alderney and Sark, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the said twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty five; and flail be and continue in force within the Hand of Minorca, and Garrison of Gibraltar, and in his majesty's other Dominions beyond the Seas, from the said twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty six.

‘ LXIII And whereas by an Act of the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Penalties a?ainft the Aft ‘ the Fiat, entitled, An Act for the more effectual and eximplary Punifment of such Persons as fall 1 • f 47- where

‘ feeb.ee Soldiers to desert, or, being Papijls, fall inlijl themselves in his Majefys Service in Great Britain t0 C lux or'

‘ or Ireland, or in the Islands of Gucrnfey, Jersey, Alderney or Sark, or the Islands thereto belonging; it ‘ is enacted, That any Period or Persons whatsoever, who flail directly or indirectly persuade or pro C cure, or endeavour to persuade or procure, any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty, or ‘ of his Heirs or Successors, to desert; such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof law 1 fully convicted, flail forfeit the Sum of forty poundsnow be it enacted, That for such Offences as flail be committed again!! the said recited Aft, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Penalties thereby enacted flail be sued for and recoverable in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Wefmhifter; and for such Offences against the said Act, as flail be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same flail be sued for, and recoverable, in his majesty's Courts of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such Offences against the said Act as flail be committed in Ireland, the same flail and may be sued for, and recoverable, in any of the Four Courts at Dublin; and for such Offences against the said Act as flail be committed within the Hands of Guernsey, Alderney and Sark, and the Hands thereto belonging, the same flail and may be sued for, and recoverable, in the Royal Court of Guernsey; and for such Offences against the said Act as flail be committed within the Hand of Jersey, the same flail and may be sued for, and recoverable, in the Royal Court of Jersey; anything in the said recited Aft to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXIV And to prevent, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests that may be made upon Soldiers, whereby his Majesty and the Public may be deprived of their Service; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, who is or flail be lifted, or No volunteer liable to flail list and enter himself as a Voluntier in his majesty's Service, as a Soldier, either in the King Process, unleis tor some dom of Great Britain or Ireland, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, or the Hands thereto be crimina atter» ltnging, ot in any of his majesty's Plantations, during the Continuance of this Act, flail be liable ti be taken out of his majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action;; unless, before the taking r unifts/oraim! Debt out of such Process or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs therein, 0 ' C va‘ue 0 50 1

or some other Person or Persons on his or their Behalf, flail make Affidavit before one or more Judge Oath of the Debt t to ba

or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution Shall rnade befc»ie a J'adge,. iffhe, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum, justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the xrftion or Cause of Action on which such Process flail issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution flail be issued out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the same Action, or in any other Action on which the same flail be grounded; a Memorandum of which Oath flail be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which ana Memorandum Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person flail nevertheless be arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, it flail and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such ""■ " '

upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, ana by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to discharge such Soldier so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, without paying any Fee or Sees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Soldier so arrested was legally lifted as a Soldier in his majesty's Service, and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and also to award to the Party so complaining, such Costs as such Judge or Judges flail think reasonable: For the Recovery whereof, he flail have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had for his Costs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Costs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Costs against the Defendant in the said Action.

LXV And to the end that honest Creditors, who jaim only at the Recovery of their just. Debts due to them from Persons entered into and lifted in his majesty's Service, may not he hindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expense and Delay to themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap methodbe it further enacted by Plaintiff may fxlt a the Authority aforesaid, That it flail and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Common afpearar.cc. Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of Action to such. Person or Persons so entered, or left at

4.. his

C 3.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

Truihy cr> takin? Marie to cccufe any per ioa from quaiteringj

or V ictuallers refufmg to eaaitsr Soldiers. f *

Justices may order Con llables to give an Account of the Number •of Soldiers quartered, sic.

How the Troops are to pay in .patting over .t erries inscotfcnd.

•clanfe for Relief of Persons hastily lifting ihcxnfclves,

his or their last Place of Residence before such Lifting, to file a Common Appearance in any aion to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to j udgment and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, other than agairift the Body or Bodies of him or them so lifteef as aforesaid; this Act, or anything herein, or any former Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithlfanaing.

LXVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, Constable, Bedel, or other Officer or l'erfon whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Act, ftiall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any Officers or Soldiers, shall negledi or refuse, for the Space of two Hours, to quarter or billet such Officers or Soldiers when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Act diredied, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, contradi or agree for, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse, any Person or 1'cr fons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses any such Officer or Soldier; or in case any Vidiualler, or any other Person, liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or vidtual any such Officer or Soldier, so quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforesaid;; shall refuse to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this Act, the several Things herein before respectively directed to be fur niftied or allowed to non commission Officers and Soldiers so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such Offence final 1 be committed, either by his own Confession, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the fnid Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) every such High Constable, Constable, Bedel, or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Justices, before whom the Matter shall be heard, ftiall, in his or their Discretion, think fit J to be levied by Distress andsale of thegoodsof the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender ftiall be convicted, or of one or more of them, to be diredied to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; the said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

LXVII And, for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Soldiers, in pursuance of this Act; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for anyr one or more Justice or justices of the Peace, within their respective Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Adito require and command any High Constable, Constable, Bede], or other Officer, who ftiall quarter or billet any Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who mall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the Names of the Housekeepers or Terfons upon whom every such Officer or Soldier shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Houfekeepcr dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

LX VIII And be it further enacted, That where any Troops or Parties upon Command have oc cafion in their March to pass regular Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer, either to pais over with his Party as Pafiengers, or to hire the Ferry Boat entire to himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, in his Option; and in case he fnall choose to take Palftage for himself and Party as Pafiengers, he shall only pay for himself, and for each Person, Officer or Soldier, under his Command, half of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons at any such Ferry; and in case he shall hire the Ferry Boat for himself and Party, he shall pay half of the ordinary Rate for such Boat or Boats; and in such Places where there are no regular Ferries, but that all Pafiengers hire Boats at the Rate they can agree for, Officers, with or without Parties, are to agree for Boats, at the Rate as other Persons do in the like Cases.

LXIX Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day oi March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, when and as. often as any Person or Persons shall be enlisted as a Soldier or Soldiers in his majesty's Land Service, he and they shall, within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such Enlisting respectively, be earried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or chief Magiffrate of any City or Town Corporate (not being an Officer in the Army), and before such Justice or chief Magiffrate be or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Difient to such in lifting; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each Person so dist' .funting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, such

Person

1

3 27

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 3.

Person or Persons To enlisted shall be forthwith discharged and fet at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or'negledt, within the Space cf twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money, as aforesaid, he or they hail be deemed and taken to he enlisted, as if he or they had given his or their aitcnt thereto before the said Justice or chief Magistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare hi; or their hiving voluntarily infilled himself or themselves, then such Justice or chief Magistrate shall, and ho is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly infilled; letting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him or them respectively (if known), and that thelecond and sixth Sections of the Articles of "War against Mutiny and Desertion were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the Oath mentioned in the said Articles of War; and if any such Pei soil or Persons, lo to be certified as duly enlisted, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons, until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein,

hall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as is by this Act to be inrlidted upon any Officer for making a falfc and untrue Muster; and the Penalty and Forfeiture shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act to be levied and recovered.

LXX And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall rc Prions refuling the raid ceivc the enlisting rnoney from any Officer (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go Itelyf to be, p™cljc<il; i' before such Justice or chief Magistrate, in order to declare his Assent or Diffcnt, as aforesaid;; u <uy Person or Persons shall be deemed and rtaken to be enlisted, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever j and shall and may be proceeded against, as if he or they had taken the Oath directed by the said Articles cf War to be taken before such Justice or chief Magistrate.

LXXI And, in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in retation to punishing Crimes and Offences committed against former Acts of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.

That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Act for the punishing Mutiny Offences against, former and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall and may, during Mutiny Aas punifhasfe the Continuation of this prclent Act, be inquired of, heard, tried and determined, adjudged and b >' tbls punished, before and by the like Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences, committed against this present Act, maybe inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and punished.

LXXII Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence None to be tried

against any of the said' Acts, unless such Offence shall have been committed within three Years; ex. °MUJ‘A ar 9ft'n‘: cs ° _ 1 1 r\rr r r against former Act, un

cept only tor the Ofteiice of Deferiion. ^ iefs committed within

4 LXXIII And whereas it mayotherwise be doubted., whether the Officers and Persons employed 3 Years; except forde

* in the Trains of Artillery, be within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, for puivfhing of Officers i rtion

* and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his majesty's Service, and for punishing false Musters, and

‘ forpajunent of Quarters It is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers and Officers, oof the Persons employed, or that shall be employed, in the several Trains of Artillery, be at all Times fub j"'n "j lub'

jedl to all the Penalties and Punishments mentioned in this Act, and shall in all Respects whatsoever Jr td lm " be held to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Act, during the Continuance of the same. _

* LXXIV And whereas great Mischief and Inconvenience may arise, if it should be doubted

* whether Troops in Pay, raised in any of the British Provinces in America, by Authority of the re ‘ fpeclive Governors or Governments thereof, are, while acting in Conjunction with his majesty's

* British Forces, under the Command of an Officer having a Commission immediately from his Ma ‘ jqfty, liable to the same Rules and Articles of War, and the same Penalties and Punishments, as ‘ the British Forces are subject to To prevent such Mischief, and to remove all Doubts; Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops, being niuftered and in Pay, which are or shall be raised in America as aforesaid, shall at all Times, and in all Places, when they happen to join, or act in Conjunction with, his majesty's British Forces, be liable to martial Law and Discipline, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the British Forces are, and shall be subject to the same Trial, Penalties and Punishments.

‘ LXXV And whereas the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops, being taken Prisoners in ‘ America, are frequently sent over to Great Britain in a very distressed Condition; And whereas their ‘ Pay is not' sufficient to provide them with necessary Lodgings and Accommodations; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, during the Continuance of this Act, it shall he lawful for the con stables, and other Civil Magistrates, within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers of the said American Troops in all such. Houses as are liable by this Adito receive the Officers and Soldiers of his majpfty's British Forces : And. the said Constables, and other Civil Magistrates, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers of the said American Troops in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations and Penalties, as are directed by this Act to be observed in quartering and billeting the Officers and Soldiers of his majesty's British Forces; and all Persons on'whom the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops shall he legally quartered, refusing to receive and provide for them, as is directed for the Officers and Soldiers of his majesty's British Forces, shall be subject to the lame Penalties as in the Case of the. said British Forces.

American Troop?, string in Conjunction with briti/h Forces, liable to the lumc martial Laws.

Officers and Soldiers of the American Troops lent over to Great Britain,

to be quartered and billeted as the Eiitiih. Forces,

and under the same Regulations and Penalties.,

LXX VI

128

This at not to extend to the Militia farther than is directed by the Militia Liws.

G. 4, 5. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

LXXVL Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be any ways construed to extend, to concern any of the Militia Forces of this Kingdom, or of the Kingdom of Ireland, ox in Jersey, Gncrnjey, Alderney or Sark, or the Islands thereto belonging, excepting only in such Case wherein by any Aft for regulating the Militia Forces in that Part oi Great Britain called England, the Provisions contained in this Act, or in any Aft for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect of the Officers of the Militia and Private Militia Men, within the Part of Great Britain aforesaid.

CAP. IV

An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalising his Highness the Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg.

lvimmc. e TT'7'HEREAS the king's moult Excellent Majesty (whom God long preserve) hath been

‘ V V pleased, to the universal Joy and Satisfaction of his People, and for the better strengthening ‘ the Protestant Interest in Europe, to give his eldest Sister, her Royal Highness the Princess Augujla, * poftclfing the nioft exalted Virtues, and adorned with all polfible Accomplishments, in Marriage to C his Highness the Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg, distinguished by the mod hcroickqua C lilies, which have, from his early Youth, rendered him illustrious overall Europe, and endeared ‘ him to this Nation : And whereas a more grateful Proof of the Elleem and Affection of thisking ‘ dom cannot be given to his Highness, than, by an Act of'naturalization, to make him capable of ‘ enjoying those Rights and Liberties which are enjoyed in these Kingdoms: And whereas by an Act

Claufea in Aft 7jac. 1. ‘ made in the seventhycar of the Reign of King James thefirft, every Person is required to receive

e a. ‘ the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, within one Month before any Bill for N aturalization'be exiii

‘ bited, and also to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance in the Parliament House, before his C or her Bill be twice read: And whereas by an Act passed in the first Year of his Majesty King

and 1 Ceo. i. C 4. ‘ George the Firll, it was enacted, That no Person shall be naturalised, unless, in the Bill exhibited

‘ for that Purpose, aclaufe, or particular Words, be inserted, to declare that such Person shall not ‘ thereby be enabled to be of the Privy Council, or a Member of either House of Parliament, or to ‘ take any Office or Flace of Trull:, either Civil or Military, or to have any Grant of Lands, Ten'e ‘ meats or Hereditaments, from the Crown, to himself, or any other Person in Trust for him; and ‘ that no Bill should, from thenceforth, be received in either House of Parliament, unless such •leave given for exhibit * or Words, be first inserted or contained therein; ' Be it enacted by the king's moll excel ing a Bill for naturaliz lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and com fiered'i'tar1' Prince of monsj 'n Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Bill for the Naturaliza brunswick Lunenburg, tn f his Highness the Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg, without the Clause, or particular without inferring the' Words, directed by the said last recited Aft to be inserted, and without his receiving the Sacrament, clause, C in the last or taking the Oaths by the first recited Aft required, shall and may be exhibited and brought into rented Aa, orotha wise parljament, and twice read; the said recited Acts, or any other Law, Statute, .Matter or Thing

qualifying himself ac.., 7,. tn i 7 3 7 7 °

cording to the first rc whatsoever, to the contrary uotwithstanding.

cited Aft.

CAP. Y. "

An Act for Naturalising his Highness Charles William Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of

Brunfzvick Lunenburg.

Preamble, ‘ TTT7HEREAS the king's most Excellent Majesty, whom God long preserve, has been

‘ V V pleased, to the universal Joy and Satisfaction of his People, and for the better strengthen C ing the Protestant Interest in Europe, to give his eldest Sister, her Royal Highness the Princess Au ‘ gift', pollffing the most exalted Virtues, and adorned with all polfible Accomplishments, in mar C riage to his Highness Charles tfilliam Ferdinand, Hereditary Prince of Brunswick Lunenburg, diftin C guifhed by the most heroic Qualities, which have, from his early Youth, rendered him illustrious ‘ over all Europe, and endeared him to this Nation : And whereas a more grateful Proof of the ‘ Esteem and affection of this Kingdom cannot be given to his Highness, than, by an Act of natu C ralization, to make him capable of enjoying those Rights and Liberties which are enjoyed in these' ‘ Kingdoms We therefore, "your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it His Kijihnefi Charles may be enacted;; Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice William ferdinend, he anc] Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem lurenh"^ deem" rd, alps by the Authority of the same, That his said Highness Charles William Ferdinand, heredi 'aatund bom huh" tal Y Prince of Brunswick lunenhu g, be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, deemed, taken and ■ect, " esteemed a natural born Subject of this Kingdom, as if the said Prince had been born within this

Realm; any Law, Statute, Matter or i ning whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A. D. 1763.

Anno quarto Georgii III

CC 6, 7,

129

CAP.. VI

i 1

i r

.. i

7 •( :

An Act to.continue, for a limited Time, the free Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard,

and Grease, from Ireland. i f

'K E R E A S the permitting the free Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grease, from Preamble,

Ireland, into this Kingdom, hath been found useful and.beneficial, and that the Time al C lowed for that Purpose is near expiring, and it is''expedient that the same should be prolonged May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted;; Be it enacted by the king's most fr

Excellent majesty, by and with 'tile Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual arid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ' and; by the Authority of the same, That an Act' made in the thirty second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King gfar^'the Secind, !entitled, Aft, ^z.geo.x., <: is. An a3 t o'difcontinueffor a limitedlime, the Duties payable upon Tallow importedfreinireland; and alb >■ N nf j J an Act made in 'the first Year of his present majesty's Reign, for extending the said first mentioned » "<*, 3- C *?•

to Hogs Lard and Grease; which have Continuance till the first Day of May fajne thousand seven ftmtinued to .j

hundred and sixty four, and to the End of the next Sefllon of Parliament, shall be and the same are 1 ft",

hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the first.day oi'mdy one thousand (even '«, .■ -

hundred 'and sixty nine, and to the End of the nekt Sefllon of Parliament, a .»

11 .!:.) • .1. 1 f ■ ■' y. ... »

. YF - • e L

CAP. VII

. .} .i

> 31

An Act to explain and amend such.part of an Act, made in the last Spfljon of Parliament,

(entitled, An A CL for granting to his Majesty sever al additional Duties upon Wines dm r ported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the ' Sum of 'three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, byway of Anmiitiej and, 'Lotteries, 'ft to be, charged on the said Duties) as' relates to Cyder and .pcrr'y piacle.tp this t*'! nucf 1..) gfho i ' : Kingdom....,, - '; )'■ i.j ft': ft > ftft

■. (•, ■ _ • i r!.... J : I fi .1., ■. ■ I M

4 tirhe R efa S by an Act made in the last Sefllon of Parliament, entitled, An Act fox granting Preamble, reciting ‘ yv to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this kingdo/n, and certain. Du: - Chooses in the Cyder * ties upon all Cyder ana. Perry, and for raising, the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by ^ stla'ol: -

1 ivay of Annuities and Lotteries to be charged on the said Duties; a Duty pf four Shillings per Hogshead 3 n' 'i V *"

‘ was, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, granted upon ‘ all Cyder and Perry which should be made in Great Britain, to be paid by thc; Maker. thereof,, over ‘ and above all other Eludes then payable for Cyder or Perry : And it was thereby' dtrefted, that; the ‘ Amount of the said Duty should be paid within the Space of six Weeks, to be computed from thd ‘ Time of making the charge, in manner therein mentioned, by the Officer or Officers of Excise;

‘ and all Makers of Cyder and Perry were thereby authorised to compound for, the, said Duty, after.

‘ the Rate therein mentioned, in respect of the Cyder and Perry to be con fumed in their own private 4 Families only, in such Manner, with fueh .Exemptions, Privileges and Advantages, and under such Regulations, as are in the said Act allowed and provided : And whereas it iwpuld, be a great

many pf s' were were

lowered Be it therefore enacted by the king'l most Excellent Majesty t by'and. with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present .Parliament afi sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand The Time limited fcy seven hundred and sixty four, in lieu and instead of the Time of six Weeks,, limi ted by the said Act the former Aft for Pay for the Payment of the said Duty on Cyder 'and Perry, the Space, of six Calendar Months : shall bem™t; of the■plltl7'1 e and is hereby allowed for the Payment of the said Duty, to be computed from the Time of m.akingtcn •, ont. jm

the charge thereof; and the said Duty shall, from and after; the Expiration of the feidisix'months', when they thay betey* be recovered and levied in such Manner, as the same could 'or might have been recovered and levied covered ad levied, as; : by virtue of the said former Aft, at or after the Expiration of the said Time therein limited for Pay thereby d.iectej. nrent thereof. ' ■'

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, when any Person, being a Maker of Cyder .or, Perry In Iic" of.the former within this Kingdom, shall be.defirous of compounding for the said.duty, .onigyder and perry to be consumed in the private' Family of such. person only, .it shall be lawful, for the commissionsrs of iejjfieom^ei^dw^ cife for the Time being in England and Scotland nelpeftiyely, as the case.may be, or tfidniajor Part pnvi'te Fail, jilies, of such respective Commissioners,, such Person or.persons, as,. they,; <?r'the major.rart, pf/thqjrg 1 fnall respectively appoiiit for that Purpose, and; hvdefault of such Appmiintment, then for the Col ilt th: Rate ufa C per lector and Supervisor for the District and Division .vyithjn wjiie.n the Person desiring to make such Head per Annv^, for » doth or.shall. inhabit (and the, said, Commissioners of Exeife,. a pd the perfcrts so -- t6 -- bey appointed by them, and in default .thereof such collector dird'supervifor'as aforesaid, ar'eihereby Lists delivered in '» Vol. IX S refpec them.

Competition to be renewed annually 5

and in case of an iu creafc in the Family during the Year, an additional List is to be given, in, and 2 d. per Month paid tor every Person abided, during the iub lirting onexpired Term of such year.»p compo/iiions to be applied as the Dutieji. Other Parts of the recited Aft relating to Compositions, continoed in force,

Makers of Cyder at other Prefics than their own, not being Compounders, are to enter their Names at the next Office of ex rise, 10 Days previous to such making 5

together with the Mills, and Owners thereof j and thecellnrs orstorehouses for keeping such Cyder. Penalty of their uling any unentered Mill, Storehouse, C 25 1.

Officers to have free ac ccfs to the Caid Mills, jstorehouses, C in the daytime,

to g3uge the Cyder, CC to make and report the Charge,

leaving a Copy with the Maker j

who is to pay the Duty ' accoiiding to fbchcharge.

r .I 0 '' b).). of Cyder Mills cf? lent out, not obliged to give Notice thereof. 3l1 L

Wherfe the Compounder intends to sell or dispose of Cyder, C immediately from the Mill, 7

fhc" Officer is to deliver to him Blank Certificates and Counterparts for the Purpose,

3.?

C 7. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

respectively required) upon receiving from such Ferfon an exact List, signed by him or her, of the several Persons of the Age of eight Years and upwards whereof his or her Family consists (fpccifying their Christian and Surnames therein) to compound and agree with every person.so delivering in such List, for and in lieu of the Duty of four Shillings granted by the, said Act on Cyder and Perry to be consumed in his or her own private Family only, at the Rate of two Shillings per Annum for each Ferfon which shall be mentioned in such List, in lieu and instead of the Compofnicn of five Shillings authorised to be made by the Paid Aft; whichcomptition, after the Rate of two Shillings as afore fitid, shall last for one Year, and be renewed annually; and the Money arising thereby shall be paid down at the respective Times of making the Composition: : in case the Family of any Person making the Composition shall be increased at anytime during the Year compounded for, then every Person whose Family shall be so increased shall deliver in an additional List, containing the Names of the several Persons of the Age of eight Years and upwards added to the Family, and shall then also pay down a proportionable Composition for the Persons so added; videlicet, twopence for each Calendar Month that shall be unexpired of the Year for which his or her Composition was made, for each and every Person so added; and in like manner fresh Lists shall be delivered, and compositions made accordingly every Year; and that the Moneys arising by the said Compositions shall be applied in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as the Duties granted by the said Act were thereby directed to be applied : And all Parts of the said Act (not hereby altered) relating to the Compositions thereby authorised to be made for the said Duty, and also to the Persons compounding in pursuance of the Power thereby given, and for preventing and punishing all Frauds with respect to the said Compositions, and for securing the said Duty, shall take effect, and be in full Force, applied and put in execution, with respect to the Composition hereby allowed to be made, and to all Persons compounding under, the Authority of this. Aft, and for preventing and punishing all Frauds in relation thereto, and for securing the said Duty, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Parts of the said Act were herein specially repeated, re enacted, and applied to this present Aft.

III and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, all and every Person and Persons, not being a Compounder or Compounders, who shall intend to make any Cyder or Perry at or with any Mill, Press, or other Utensil whatsoever, not being the Property of such Person or Persons, but of any other Person or Persons, whether compounding or not compounding for the said Duty, shall, ten Days at the least before he, she or they shall begin to make Cyder or Perry, make a true and particular Entry in Writing, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Cyder or Perry shall be intended to be made, of his, her or their respective Name or Names; and of every Mill, Press, 1 and other Utensil so intended to be employed; and of the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners thereof; and also of every Storehouse, Warehouse, Cellar, or other Place wherein such Maker or Makers intend to lay or keep such Cyder or Perry: And if any such Maker or Makers shall make use of any other Mill, Press or Utensil j Storehouse, Warehouse, Cellar, or other Place whatsoever, either for the making, laying, ' or keeping any Cyder or Perry, without having made such Entry as aforesaid, or an Entry thereof, in pursuance Of the said former Aft, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the. Sum of t wenty five Pounds for every such Offence : And all and. every the Officers of Excise shall, at all Times' in the daytime, he permitted, upon their Request, to enter the Millhouse, Storehouse Warehouse, Cellar, and all other Places whatsoever used by any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid either for the !ftiak'iiig, laying, or keeping of Cyder or Perry, of which Notice shall or ought to have been given in ‘purfuance of this Act; and to gauge and take an Account of all the Cyder or Perry which shall be there found, and shall thereof make Return or Report in Writing to the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, or such other Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint'to receive the same, leaving a true Copy of such Report in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands,; with or for such Maker or Makers of Cyder or Perry : and such Report or Return of the said Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Cyder or Perry; and the Amount of the Duties thereby charged shall be paid by such Maker or Makers respectively, within, such Timkas is by this Act appointed. '

■ ivy(provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifth Day of July, no Owner Or'proprietor whatsoever of any Mill, Press, or other Utensil for the making of Cyder or Perry, which shall be let out or lent to any other Person for the Purpose of making Cyder or Perry, shall be obliged to give any Notice of the letting or lending such Mill Press, or other Utensil, or of the making Cyder or Perry therewith, by the Person to whom the same shall be so let or lent; anything in the said former Aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wise iiotwithstanding.. r :

V Ands for the better'accommodation of such Makers of Cyder or Perry, who shall compound for the Duty'ob cydeuand Perry granted by the said recited Aft; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid' ' from and after the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, when any such Maker shall intend to sell or dispose of any Cyder or Perry immediately from the Mill pbundvmouth, or Place where the same shall be made, ' the Officer of Excise of the Division or Place where such Makers shall reside, shall, and he is hereby required, during the Time of making Cyder or Perry only, and at no other Time, to deliver to and leave with such Maker, if demanded,, in Writing a sufficient Quantity of Blank Certificates, numbered One, t\vo, Three, and soon in

4. an

f r

w

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 7,

an arithmetical Progreilion, to be filled up by such Maker, and subscribed by him or her, who shall express in each of the said Certificates that shall be filled up, the exr.bt Number of Gallons of Cyder to be filled upoccafio or Perry intended to be sent therewith, and the Number of Cades or Package, containing the same, H, al|y > and the Place to which, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Persons to whom, such Cyder or. is n

Perry is to be sent, and the time when such Certificate is filled up; which Certificate (provided it «mch lhallprotedt'tfe* accompanies the Quantity of Cyder or Perry mentioned therein) shall be a sufficient Protection for the rcti10val of fuchcy<e». Removal of such Cyder or Perry, immediately from the Mill pound's Mouth, or Place where the same shall be made; and that the Officer of Excise, at the same Time that he delivers any Quantity of Blank Certificates to any such Maker as aforesaid, shall also deliver to such Maker a like Quantity of Blank Counterparts of such Certificates, bearing the same Numbers with the Certificates; and j'

such Maker is hereby required, whenever he fills up the Blanks of any Certificate for the Removal thtib^fe time°wkh the of Cyder or Perry, as aforesaid, at the same Time to fill up and subscribe the Blanks of the Counter Certificate, and to be part thereof, in all Particulars agreeable to the Certificate; and such Maker shall, at the Time of the tetumed to the officer. Delivery of the said Blank Certificates and Counterparts, give a Receipt to the Officer of Excise, Receipt to be given for delivering the same, acknowledging that he or she hath received so many Blank Certificates and the the Certificates. Counterparts thereof numbered as aforesaid;; Counterparts so filled up shall be returned by such Maker to the respective Officer of Excise whenever he shall require the same; and such Maker shall then also show to the Officer all die Certificates and Counterparts not used or filled up, Ths Certificates and to the end the Officer may then know what Number of Certificates have been filled up; and such 10°' ptoduccd° when' Maker shall, at the respective Times when he or she shall deliver up such Counterparts so filled up, called for. * from Time to Time declare upon Oath (or Affirmation if a Quaker) to be administered by the Super The Quantities sold, C visor of Excise of the Division or diffrict' where such Maker resides, that the several Quantities of and certified for, to be Cyder and Ferry specified in the several Counterparts so directed to be delivered up, conti in' the verified on Oath, whole Quantities of Cyder and Perry which he or fine shall have sold or disposed of, from his or' her Mill pound's Mouth, or Place where the same was made : And the respective Officers of Excise within their several Divisions are hereby required, from Time to L ime, from the several Counter Returns to be mad., parts of such Certificates so filled up, fworn'to, and delivered as aforesaid, to make Returns dr Re lna char?ed' ports in Writing, of the several Quantities, of Cyder and Perry sold or disposed of as aforesaid by rom' e oun ert rts every such Maker respectively, to the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, or such other Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving true Copies of such Report in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, with or for such respective Maker; and c°py to lost with the such Returns or Reports of the fa d Officer or Officers, shall be the Charges upon such respective Makf'

Makers of Cyder or Perry; and the Amount of the Duties thereby charged, shall be paid respectively who isto pay ihe Duty

by such Makers to the respective Collectors of Excise, within whose Collection such Makers feall Momh" from thence

dwell and inhabit, or to such other Person or Persons as the said respective Commissioners of Excise

shall respectively appoint to receive the same, within the Space of six Calendar Months, to be com...

from the Time of making such Charge: And if any such Maker of Cyder or Perry shall neglebl Maker not complying

or refuse to deliver to the Officer of Excise, when required, all the Counterparts of Certificates then with theft Regulations,

filled up, or to declare upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, or to show to theofficer all the Certi su‘ ty0 .any:

ficates and Counterparts not used or filled up, or shall sell or dispose of more Cyder or Perry from '

the Mill pound's Mouth or Place of making, than is mentioned in such Counterparts so delivered,

up, or shall fraudulently insert in: the Blank of either Counterpart or Certificate, a greater or less

Quantity of Cyder or Perry than is really sent with such Certificate; every such Maker offending in

any of the said Cases, for every such Offence shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty-five t0 fotyelt *•

Pounds; and that no Certificate to be filled up by any such Maker, shall be in force for the Removal Cfnumates forrcmova! of Cyder or Perry immediately from the Mill pound's Mouth or Place of making, but between the °* by V bt b.! ' firll Day of September and the thirty first Day ot December in each Year; and that every such Maker tween t Sept: and shall, every Year, within ten Days next after the thirty first Day of December n each Year; deliver;; yearly ■ ■ cause to be delivered, to theofficer of excise of the Division or Place where he or she rcfidcs, all blank Certificate's and the Blank Certificates and Counterparts thereof which have not been filled up byfuch Maker; and Counterparty tode if any fuclrmakerof Cyder or Perry shall neglect or refuse, by the Space of ten Days next after the fm "mhln 10 thirty first Day of December in any Year, to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the proper Officer ays ‘ tcl' of excise, all the Blank Certificates and Counterparts thereof which have not been filled up by such Maker, every such Maker shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of on Penalty of 351. twenty-five Pounds... • •> ' •,

VI And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the'said fifth pe"a!'!'of.ob('tu^lns Day of July, any Person or Persons whatsoever shall assault, oppose, molest, or hinder any Officepa" ]>! ccr ln 14 b y or Officers of excise in the due Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given and granted by

this Abl; all and every the Party or Parties so offending shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds..

VII And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer of Excise shall re Officers not doing their

fuse or wilfully neglebl to leave a true Copy of his Report in Writing, with the Maker or Makers ^ysm any of thct>lc •

Cyder and Perry, as this or the said former act direbl, or to grant a Certificate for the Removal of ml

any Cyder, or Perry, upon reasonable Request made for that Purpose;; if any Maker of Cyder and Perry authorised and empowered by this present Abl to compound and agree for and in lieu: of the Duty granted by the said former Abl, shall offer to make such Composition and Agreement, and if such Officer of Excise shall refuse or wilfully neglebl to accept such Composition and Agreement as this present Act directs; every such Officer of Excise so refilling or wilfully neglecting, shall, for > S 2 each

forfeit 403.

Recovery and Dlfpofition of 'the Penalties

t • «

.General Ifilip,

Treble Cods.

Preamble.

. ■».

25 March 1764, during the Continuance of this Act, every Marine Officer and Private Man on Shore,,

who frail mutiny or desert, cor

list in any other Regiment, cor

frail be fgund sleeping on, or hall dcf it,. his Post, or hold illegal Corrcfpendence with the Enemies of his Majesty,

©r/frail strike, ordifobey his fu peri or Officer 5 shall fuft'er Death, or inch puni/hment as a court-martial shall inflict.

The Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing that Office, may grant a Commission to hold General couxrs jnartial, CC

8y Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

each Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings; which Forfeiture and Penalty Shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, apd applied, in like manner as the Other forfeitures and Penalties imposed by this or the said former Aft, may be sued for, levied, recovered and applied.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That thcfevcral penalties imposed by this Act, Shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated, arid disposed of, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and in the same Proportions as any Penalty .imposed by the said recited Aft may be filed for, recovered, levied, mitigated, or disposed of.

IX And be be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall

at any Time or Times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of or by Colour of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Ilfue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence, in bis, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or.difcon tinue his, her, or. their Action or Prosecution, or Judgement shall be given against hirn or them upon Demurrer, or otherwise; then such Defendant or Defendants Shall have treble Colts awarded to him, her, or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.. (

CAP. VIII

An act for the Regulation of his majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

‘ WHEREAS it may be necessary for the Safety of this Kingdom, and the Defence of the ‘ W Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain; thata Body of Marine Forces should be employed in his majesty's Fleet and naval Service, under the Direction of the Eord High Admiral, ‘ or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain: And whereas ‘ the.said Marine Forces may frequently be quartered on Shore, where they will not be subject to ‘ the Laws relating to the Government of his majesty's Forces by Sea; yet nevertheless, it being ‘ requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed, and ‘ that Marines who shall mutiny, or stir up Sedition, or shall deferthis majesty's Service, be brought ‘ toa more exemplary and speedy Puniftiment than the Law .will allow; '- Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and.consent of .the Lords Spiritual and. Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any Person being entered, or in Pay as an Officer of Marines, or who is, or shall be lifted, or in Pay as a Private Man, in any Company of Marines in his majesty's Service, and on the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four shall remain in such Service, or during the Continuance of this Act shall be voluntarily entered; and in Pay, as a Marine Officer or Private Man in his majesty's Service, and being, ordered or employed > in such. Service, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, on Shore, in any Place within the Realm of Great Britain, or in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of' his majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas respectively, shall begin, excite, cause, or join, in any Mutiny or sedition, in the Company to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other Company, Troop, or Regiment, either of Marine, or Land Forces, in his majesty's Service, ' or shall not ufe' his utniolt Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any such Mutiny, or .intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his commanding Officer! or shall desert his majesty's Service; or being actually entered as a Marine in any Company, shall lifthimfelf in any other Company. Troop, or Regiment, in has majesty's Service, without first having a Discharge in Wri ' ting from the Officer commanding in chief the Company, in which he last served as a Marine; or shall be found sleeping upon his Post, or shall leave it before relieved; or shall hold correspondence with any Rebel, or Enemy of his Majesty, or give them Advice or Intelligence of any kind, by anyways or Means, or in any manner whatsoever;; Shall treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without his majesty's Licence, or Licence of the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being; or shall strike, or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; all and every Person and Persons so offending'in any or either of the Matters before mentioned, on Shore, in. any Part of this Kingdom or Ireland, or any'of his majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, Shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a court-martial Shall be inflicted.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Shall and may, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, be lawful to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to grant a Commission under his or their respective Hand or Hands to any Officer of Marines in his majesty's Service, not under the Degree of a Field Officer, for the holding a General court-martial at any Place or Places on Shore in this Realm or in Ireland, or in any of his majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas; in every of which court-martial all of any of the Offences aforesaid, and all or any other of the Offences herein after specified, Shall be tried and proceeded against in such manner, as by this Act is directed.

III An

3

A. D. 2763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 8. 133

III And be it also enabled, That it jfhall and may be lawful to and for such cotirts( martial court-martial may in refpesively, by their Sentence or Judgement, to inflidl Corporal Punishment, r ot extending to coiporaipuniflimcnt

Life or Limb, on any Marine, for Immorality, Miftehaviour, or Negledb of Duty on Shore, in any, or Immoralities, to. place.or Places within this Realm, ox Ireland, or any of his majesty's dominions beyond the Seas, during the Continuance of this al.

WAND be it further ena£ted by the Authority aforesaid, That it Shall and may be lawful to and lon1s> t. pf * for the said Lord Pligh Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office a™icl«7or pu of. Lord High Admiral, at any Time during the Continuance of this Add, to make and establish nifhmenc of mutiibr.d .Rules and Articles in Writing, .under his or their respective Hand or Hands, for the Punishment of Desertion, C Mutiny and Desertion, Immorality, Mifoehaviour, and neglect of Duty, in any of his mqefty's Marine Forces while on Shore in any Part of this Realm or Ireland, or any of his majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; and to erect and con and to coriftitute courts llitute court-martial, .with Power to try, hear, and determine any Crimes or Offences fpeciiied in marual such Rules and Articles, and inflidl Punishments, by Sentence or judgement of the same, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

■ V provijed always, That no Person or Persons shall be adjudged to suffer any Punishment extend or^im^bu^for" " mg to Life or Limb by the said Rules or Articles within the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, Crimes exnreii'ed to°be except for such Crime or Crimps as is or are expressed to be so punishable by this Act. fopumfhableby this Act.

■ VI And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That no General court-martial which shall have gener.ilcouit marthl Power to sit by virtue of this Act, shall consist of a less Number than thirteen, whereof none to he nottpjeonfiftof lefsthan under the Degree of a Commissioh Officer of Marines; and the President of such court-martial j3; and the ['resident shall not be under the Degree of a Field Officer of Marines, unless where such Field Officer cannot mxt1i?smbiit0r be had; in which case, the Marine Officer next in Seniority to such Field Officer, not being under not under the Decree of the Degree of a Captain, shall preside at such court-martial; and that such court-martial shall have a Captain.

Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness, in Order to May adminiflevan Oath the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.. t0

VII Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by General court-martial, to be held by Officers to be fwom. virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Court, and Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, who are hereby authorised to administer the same in these Words; (that is to say)

4 Y OU shall well and truly try and determine, according to the Evidence which shall be The Oath.

* J[ given in the Matter now before you, between our Sovereign Lord the king's Majesty, and ‘ the Prisoner to be tried : •

So help you GOD

I A. B. do fwcar, That I will duly administer Justice, according to an Act of Parliament now in The Oath, force for the Regulation of his majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, and according to ‘ the Rules and Articles made in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament for the Punishment of Mu ‘ tiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein respectively mentioned, without Partiality, Favour,

‘ or affection;; if any Doubt shall arise (which is not explained by the said Act of Parliament,

‘ or the said Rules and Articles) according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and ‘ the Custom of War in like Cases. And I further swear, That I will not d'ivulge the Sentence of ‘ the Court until it shall be approved by the Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commis ‘ fioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britaiii; neither will I, upon any ‘ account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular ‘ Member of the court-martial, unless required to give evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court ‘ of Justice in a due Course of Law:

So help trie G 0 dy

And so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President The judge Advocate to of the Court is hereby authorised and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or to the Person befworn, officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words :

V

*? T A. B. do swear, That I will not, upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or dif •phe Oath,

‘ JL cover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the court-martial, unless required to * give evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice in a due Course of Law :

So help me G O DI

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender by any such General court-martial, Sentences of death, as aforesaid, unless nine Officers present shall concur therein; and if there be more Officers present Officers to concur, than thirteen, then the Judgement shall pals by the Concurrence of two thirds of the Officers present; Hours of Trial, and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of eight o'ciock in the Morning and three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example.

VIII Provided always, That the Party tried by any General court-martial to be held as aforesaid, type Party tr ie(jj shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such court-martial, upon Demand to a Copy of the Sen thereof made by himself, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they paying reafo tencear.a Proceedings of

Jiably court-martial.

C 8.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

None lo be tried a second Time for the same Offence.

.Sentence not to be revised more than cnee.

. Dcferters be.ond Sea,

vil Magistrate, C

nably for the same) at any Time not sooner than three Months after such Sentence, whether such Sentence be approved or not; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

orig'nal Proceedings, IX And be it enaclcd by the Authority aforesaid, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiate. of courts martiai. ting as such at any General court-martial, to be held as aforesaid, do, and he is required to transmit, to be tranfin'eted to the with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Diftarice of Place can admit, the original rj" 0 e f, he Adml" Proceedings and Sentence of such court-martial to the Secretary, of the Admiralty for the 1 ime being; which original Proceedings and Sentence shall be by him carefully kept and preserved in the Office of the Admiralty of Great Britain, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, upon Application to the said Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

X Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted, That no Marine, either Officer or Private Man, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, at any such court-martial as aforesaid, shall be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Sentence given by any court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable to be revised more than once.

XI And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Private Man shall desert his majesty's Serf's

m‘)ytried here or vice in any of his Dominions beyond the Seas, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and shall escape and in Ireland, come into this Realm, or Ireland, before he be tried by a court-martial for such Offence, and shall

be apprehended for the same, such Officer or Private Man shall be tried for the same, as if the same Offence had been committed within this Realm.

This Aft not to exompt XII Provided always. That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, .my onshore from ordi to exempt any Marine, either Officer or private Man whatsoever, while on Shore, from being pio nary Prccefs. ceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law.

Persons acquittei by the XIII Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons being acquitted or con civii Magistrate, may vi£ted of any capital Crimes, Violence?, or Offences, by the civil Magistrate, shall be liable to be Court ma'rtilh y * punished by a court-martial for the same, otherwise than by Calhiering.

Persons accused of Ca XIV Provided also; and be it further enacted, That if any Marine Officer, non commission Officer pital Crime's, C to be or Private Man, shall be accused of any capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the per delirered over to the CI son, Estate, or Property, of any of his majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land; the commanding Officer or Officers of every Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial: And if any such commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refuse, upon Applica ion made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the civil Magistrate, or to be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the apprehending such Offender; every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Fact is committed, by the Oath of two credible wit neffes, shall be desmed and taken to be ipso fatto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his majesty's Service; provided the f id Conviction be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial.

‘ XV And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased, in Compassion to the distressed Con ‘ dition of several Widows of Officers of the Army, who have lost their Lives in the Service of the ‘ late War, or during the late Rebellion, by Orders made under his Royal Sign Manual, to direcfc ‘ his coiumiq'ary General of the Mutters, to allow upon the mutter rolls of all the Regiments,

‘ Troops, and Companies, a Number of fictitious Names therein mentioned, instead of Private ‘ Men, in order to ralfe and settle a Fund for the Maintenance of such Widows of Officers as are or C shall he in itled to his Royal Bounty : Therefore, for the more effectual fulfilling his majesty's said ‘ gracious Intentions, with respect to the allowing of fictitious Names upon the muster rolls of the C said Marine Forces while on Shore, for the Purposes aforesaid Be it further ehacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this act, to and for the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the said Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Orders in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to direct the Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, to pay over the full Pay of such fictitious Private Men as shall be allowed on the muilr rolls of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, to the proper Receiver appointed Payiruifter to pay thefullby his Majesty, according to such Orders and instructions as his Majesty shall be pleased to make, pay of such Men to the ull(]er hjj Sign Manual, for the Purpose aforesaid;; that no Allowance of any such fictitious Name upon any muster roll of the said Marine Forces while on Shore as aforesaid, shall be construed to be a false Muster; anything in this or any former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ XVI And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of the said ‘ Marine Forces in several Parts of this Kingdom; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That for and during the Continuance of this Ali, and no longer (in pursuance of an Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time

being)

Fictitious Names allowed by his majesty's Order upon the muster rolls, for the Maintenance of Officers Widow?, not to be construed a false Muster.

ronftables, C to quart er Officers and Men in nns, ale housesj ca.

D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 8. 135

being) it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs, and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities Towns, and Villages, and other Places, within England,

Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in their Default or Absence, for any one Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near any such City, Town, Village, or Place, and for no others; and such Constables, and other civil Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Marines, both Officers and Private Men in his majesty's Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, viftualling houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging; and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, or Metheglin, by Retail, to be drank in Houses, other than and except the House or; n no Diftiiicrs Houses of any Distillers, who keep Houses or Places of distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, and the Houses, orshoykeen, or House of any Shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes, in any private Houses. than in Brandy and Strong Waters (foas such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses) and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever, without the Confeut of the Occupier; nor shall any more Billets at any Time be ordered, than there are effect ive Marines to present to be quartered : And if any Constable, Tythingman, or suchlike Officer or Magistrate as aforesaid, shall presume to quarter or billet any such Officer or Private Man in any such private House without the Consent of the Occupier; in such Case, such Occupier shall have his or their Remedy at Law against such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Occupier shall sustain thereby: And if any Marine Officer shall take upon him to quarter Private Men otherwise pena]tyonofficers qnar than is limited and allowed by this Actor shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to any taring Private Men con mayors, Constables, or other civil Officers before mentioned, tending to deter and discourage any trary to this Act, cof them from performing any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed; such Marine Officer shall, for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any two or more of the next Justices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso faslo cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any military Employment within this Kingdom, or in his majesty's Service; provided the Conviction be affirmed at the next Quar Pevfans aggrieved by be tcr Sefiions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be transmitted to the Judge ir.g quartered on, may Advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the same to the next court-martial; and in case any Per complain to any justices, soil shall find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingman, or Headborough, chief Officer, an C re ieve ' or Magistrate (such chief Officer or Magistrate not being a Justice of the Peace) has quartered or billeted in his House a greater Number of Marines than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours; and shall complain thereof to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Divifkm,

City, or Liber y, where such Marines are quartered; or in case such chief Officer or Magistrate shall be a Justice of the Peace, then on Complaint made to two or more Justices of the Peace of such Division, City, or Liberty, such Justice or Justices respectively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the said Marines to be removed, and quartered upon such other Person or Persons, as they shall see Cause;; such other Person or Persons shall be obliged to receive such Marines accordingly.

XVII Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That the Marine Officers and Private Men officers and Marines to so quartered and billeted as aforesaid, shall be received and furnished with Diet and Small Beer by the be lumifhed at the Rates Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, ale houses, victualling houses, and the Houses of Sellers of herein fet for their Pro wine by Retail, to be drank in their own Ploufes, or Places thereunto belonging, and other Houses vlflonsi

in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this Act; paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein after mentioned to be payable out of the Subsistence Money for Diet and Small Beer.

XVIII Provided always, That in case any inn holder or other Person on whom any non com w, T,. million Officers or private Men shall be quartered by virtue of this Act (except on a March, or em a; ]0 ", q^er^on ployed in recruiting; and likewise except the Recruits by them railed, for the Space of seven Days them, infteadofme.it. at most, for such non commission Officers and Private Men who are recruiting, and Recruits by them

raised) shall be deiirous to furnish such non commission Officers and Private Men with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and with either Small Beer or Cyder, not exceeding five Pints for each Man per Diem, gratis, and allow to such non commission.officers or Private Men the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utenfilsfor dressing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice of such his Desire to the commanding Officer, and shall furnish and allow the same accordingly; then and in such case, the non commission Officers and Private Men so quartered shall provide their own Victuals; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive, the Pay and Subsistence of such non commission Officers and Private Men, shall pay the several Sums herein after mentioned to be payable out of the Subsistence Money for Diet and Small Beer, to the non commission Officers and Private Men aforesaid, and not to the Innholder or other Person on whom such non commission Officers and Private Men are quartered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Marine Officer Penalty on taking Money shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money of any Person for ex 1° e*cufc anyperfon cussing the quartering of Officers or Private Men, or any of them, in any House allowed by this Add, rom quartering, every such Officer shall be cafhired, and be incapable of serving in any military Employment whatsoever.

‘ XX And whereas it may be for the Benefit of the Service, for the commanding Officer to have commanding Officer ‘ a Power to exchange the Billets or Quarters of Marines, quartered in the same Town or Place mayexchanye Maffnst Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the commanding Officer of Marines, in in their Quarters,

any

*36

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

Conftablrs to billet the same acu rdin^'y.

No pawn after, C to malcc Dtduftions out of Officers or Private Mens Pay.

Exceptions

Officers to give Notice to Innkeepers of sub fiftence money in their Hands.

Rates of subfiftencc to be paid to Innkeepers, C for Marines Quarters.

bfficers not giving Notice of subsistence mo ney, and paying Quarters,

Paymaster to satisfy t lem out cf the company's next Pay,

and Officer to be caffi.ered.

On mov: n2 from qunr teis the (Officer to makeup a'■counts, snd give Gerificncs for Money tine, C

Pay snifter to pay the Sum certified for.

Q 8.

any Town or Place where such Marine Forces, are quartered, shall, and he is hereby declared to have Power, from Time to Time, to exchange any Marine or Marines quartered in such Town or Place, for any other Marine or Marines quartered in the same Town or Place, provided the Number of Men do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively, where such Men shall be exchanged; and the Constables, Tylhingmen, Headboroughs, and other chief Officers and Magifiratcs of the Cities, Towns and Villages, or other Places where any of the said Marine Forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet such Men so exchanged accordingly.

XXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Paymalter or other Officer or Person whaisoever, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Marine, cither Officer or Private Man in his majesty's Service, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, other than the usual Deductions for Clothing; and twelve Pence in the Pound to be disposed of as his Majesty Iliall think fit; and the one Day's Pay in the Year for the Use of the Royal Hospital at Cbelfea; and such other ncceflhry Deductions as Iliall, from Time to Time, be directed by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, by Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands.

XXII And that the Quarters both of the said Marine Officers and Private Men, while on Shore,

as aforesaid, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be duly paid and satisfied, and his majesty's Duties of Excise better answered; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every Officer or other Person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall actually receive, the Pay or subfitlence money, for one or more particular Company or Companies of the said Marine Forces, or otherwise, Iliall immediately, upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall, from Time to Time, be paid, returned, or come to his or their Hands, on account of Pay or Subfifteiice, give public Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Private Men are quartered by virtue of this Act; and shall also, appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters at such Times as they shall appoint for the Distribution and Payment of the said Pay or sub fiftence money to such Officers or Private Men, which shall be within four Days at the farthest after the Receipt of the same as aforesaid; and the said Innkeepers, and others, shall then and there acr quaint such Officer or Officers with the Accounts or Debts (if any shall he) between them and the Officers and Private Men so quartered in their respective Houses; which Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the same, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed either to the Officers or Private Men : Provided the said Accounts exceed not, for one Marine Commission Officer, under the Degree of a Captain, for such officer's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, one Shilling; and if such Officer shall have a Horse or Horses, for each such Horse or Horses, for their Hay and Straw, per Diem, sixpence; nor for one Private man's Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, fourpence : And if any Officer or Officers, as aforesaid, ilia! 1 not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such Account Hated, satisfy, content, and pay the same; upon Complaint and Oath made thereof, by any two witneftes, at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City wherein such Quarters were (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions are hereby authorised and required to administer) the Pay mailer or Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces is hereby required and authorised (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing) to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Marine Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Person Iliall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymatter or otherwise, and be discharged from holding the same for the future : And in case there fh 11 be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Person for the Time being authorised to pay the said Marine Forces, is hereby authorised and required to deduct the Sums he shall pay, nurfuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, oat of the next Pay or subsistence money of the Company to which such Officer or Officers shall belong; and such Officer or Officers shall, for such their Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or subsistence money, as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipjb fafio cashiered. And where it shall happen that the sub fiitence inoney due to any Marine Officer or Private Man shall, by occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or Private Man, or such Officer or Private Man shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot he or are not paid, as this Act directs;; every such Case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Company shall remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts, as this Act directs, with every Person with whom such Company shall have quartered, and signa Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate so by him signed, to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the name of such Company, to which he or they shall belong; to the end the said Certificate may be, forthwith transmitted to the proper Paymaster of the Marines, who is hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the end the same maybe applied to such Company, under pain as is before in this Act directed for Nonpayment of Quarters. '

XXIII

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 8.

XXIII And be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Private Men of his majesty's Marine Forces in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as Officers and Private Men of the Land Forces might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of the Union; and that the Possessors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnifti the said Marine Officers and Private Men quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the Union was provided, with respect to the Officers and Private Men of the Land Forces; and that no such Marine Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more regular Provision of Carriages for his majesty's Marine Forces in their Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, all J uftices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Liberties and Precincts, being duly required thereunto by the said Lord High Admiral, or three or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being, by an Order in Writing under his or their respective Hand or Hands, shall, as often as such Order shall be brought and shown unto one or more such Justices, by the Officer or Officers of the Company or Companies of Marines so ordered to march, ilfue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the High Conllables or Petty Constables of the divi fion. Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred or Precindh, from, through, near or to which such Company or Companies shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make such Provision for Carriages with able Men to drive the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them fufficienttime to do the same, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burden : And in case sufficient Carriages cannot be provided within any such Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, Division or Precindt; then the next Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division, shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or shown to one or more of them, by any of the Marine Officers aforesaid, ift'ue his or their Warrant orwarrants to the High Constables or Petty Constables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division orprecinift, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency : And the aforesaid Officer or Officers, who by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from such Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or arc to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned, of the High Oonftable or Petty Constable to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of one Shilling for every Mile any Wagon with fivehorfes shall travel; and the Sum of one Shilling for every Klile any Wain with six Oxen, or four Oxen with two Horses, shall travel; and the Sum of nine Pence for every Mile any Cart with four Horses shall travel; and foin Proportion for less Carriages; for which respective Sums so received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing to the Person or Persons paying the same: And such Constable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly: And if any Marine Officer or Officers, for the Use of whose Company or Companies the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, to travel more than one day's Journey, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home, or shall suffer any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride in the Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage aforesaid, or shall force any Constable or Petty Constable, by Threatenings or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for themselves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners by themselves, Servants or Private Men, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before two of his majesty's Justices of the Peace for the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the proper Paymaster of his majesty's Marine Forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of five Pounds accordingly, to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of such Justices of the Peace, and is also hereby im powered to deduct the same out of such officer's Pay.

XXV And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any High Constable or Petty Constable shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute any such Warrant of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto such Constable or Petty Constable for providing Carriages as aforesaid;; if any Person or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constables to provide or furnish any Carriage and Man, shall refuse or negleift: to provide the same; or any other Person or Persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Aft or Thing, whereby the Execution of any such Warrant orwarrants shall be hindered or frustrated;; such Constable, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than twenty Shillings, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where any such Offence shall be committed : And all and every such Offence and Offences shall and may be inquired of, heard, and fully determined by two of his majesty's Justices of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, who have hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner.

‘ XXVI And whereas the respective Sums of Money by this att appointed to be paid to the 4 Constables by the Officers demanding such Carriages, may not, in many Cases, be sufficient to Voi. IX T 1 answer

137

Officers, C to be quartered in Scotland, as the Laws in force at the Union diieft.

Justices to order Constables to provide Carriages for the Marine Fortes on their March

Rates for Carriages

Penalty on Officers forcing Wagons to travel more than enc day's Journey, C

Penalty on Constables, C Neglect

i38

C 8.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

ty to repay the c011 ftab'e extraordinary Charges,

The Money for those Pnrpofcs how to be raised.

No Wagon, C to carry above 20 hundred Weight.

Carriages in Scotland how to be provided.

'answer the Charge and Expense of providing the same, whereby the said Constables may be fre ‘ quently at great Charges, over and above what is received by them of the said Officers, to the great ‘ Earthen of the tov/nfhip of which they are respectively.constables, or else the Persons furnish ‘ ing such Carriages may be grievously oppressed To prevent which, and that such Overplus Charge may be born by each County or Riding, at the general Charge of such County or Riding; Be it Trealurerscf tliecoun further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the treasurer'or Treasurers of each respective County or Riding shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Constable all and every such reasonable Sum or Sums of Money, so by him paid or laid out for such Carriages, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Marine Officer requiring such Carriages, out of the public' Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, P, ules and Directions, as the said, Juftiees of the Peace, in their Quarter Scffions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions shall, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, make, direst and appoint (which Orders shall be made without Fee orp, eward) Regard being always had to the Seafcn of the Year, and the Length and Condition of the Roads through which such Carriages are to travel.

XXVII And in case the said public Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient (over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages before mentioned; It is hereby further enacted, That the said Juftiees of the Peace in the General Quarter Sessions shall have Power, from Time to Time, to raise Moneys upon the respective Counties or Ridings in such manner as they now raise Moneys for building or repairing County Gaols and Bridge, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages,

XVIII Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Wagon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, impressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above twenty hundred Weight; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX And be it further enacted. That the Carriages for the Service of the Marine Forces quartered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and thefurnifher of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the Time of the Union, with regard to the furnishing Carriages for Land Forces.

Marines Wives, C not XXX And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by to be quartered without this authorised to quarter Marines in any Houses hereby appointed for thatpurpofe, shall at any Time during thecontinuance of this Act, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Marines, shall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the com missioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Judge Advocate, be ipso fadto cashiered; and if a Constable, Tythingman, or other Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Juftiees of the Peace, to be levied by Warrant of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducting reasonable Charges in taking the same.

XXXI And for the better Preservation of the Game, in or near such Place, where any Officers or Soldiers shall at any Time be quartered; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, any Officer or Marine shall, without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal, first had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy any Hare, Coney, Pheasant, Partridge, Pigeon, or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry, or Fish, or his majesty's Game, within the Kingdom of Great Britain; and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of one or more credible Witness orwitneffes, convicted before any Justice or Juftiees of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same; (that is to say) Every Officer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be distributed among the Poor of the Place where such Offence shall be committed; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Marine under his Command, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid and distributed in manner aforesaid: : if, upon Conviction made by the Juftiees of the Peace, and Demand thereof also made by the Constable or Overseers of the Poor, such Officer shall refuse or neglect, and not within two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer so refilling or neglecting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited, his Commission, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

Penalty,

Penalty on Officers and Marines dcitroying the Came.

3y

XXXII

And whereas several Marines who being duly entered may afterwards desert, and be

is

Constables may apprehend Deserters, and cany them before a Justice:

‘ found wandering, or otherwise absenting themselves illegally from his majesty's Service; ' It hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman of the Town or Place, where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, to apprehend, or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause such Person to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered and required to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the testi money of one or more Witness orwitneflcs upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found, that such suspected Person is a Marine duly entered, and ought to joftices to commit them, be with thecomnany to which he belongs; such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found; or to the House of Correction, or other public Prison in such Town or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the

Savoy,

A. D. 176

3-

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 8.

*39

gaol keeper to receive the subfittojice o Deserters

Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Cities of London or Wejim'vjicr, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, to ani' trarfnut^an ac the end such Person may be proceeded against according to Law: And the Keeper of such Gaol, c7', 'lva wraw*ury House of corretion, or Prison, shall receive the full Subfiftenee of every such Deserter, during the C C •

Time he shall continue in his Custody, for the Maintenance of such Deserter;; shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward, on account of the Imprisonment'of any such Deserter;; Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII And, for the better Encouragement of any Person or Persons to secure or apprehend

such Deserters; Be it further enated by the Authority aforesaid, That such Justice of the Peace shall Reward for taking up also blue his Warrant in Writing to the colletor or colletors of the Land Tax Money of the Parfli Doicrtcrs. or Township where such Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money arisen or to arise in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, into the Hands of such Person or Persons who shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any such Deserter from his majesty's Service, the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such Deserter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which Sum of twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such colletor or colletors to whom such Warrant shall be direted, and allowed upon his or their Account.

XXXIV And be it further enated, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any De Penalty on Perfonscrn

ferter from his majesty's Marine Service, knowing him to be such;; Person so offending shall ceal.lns Deserters, or

forfeit, for every such Gffence, the Sum of five Pounds; or if any Person shall knowingly detain, l^!‘r Arim'

buy or exchange, or otherwise receive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belonging to 0 LS)

the King, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed; every such Person so offending in each, any, or either of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and upon con vidlion by the Oath of one or more credible Witness orwitneffes, before any one or more of his majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said refpetive Penalties of five Pounds, and five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hands of the said Justice or Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; one Moiety of the said first mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, by whose Means such Deserter shall be apprehended; and

one Moiety of the last mentioned Penalty of five Pounds to be paid to the Informer; and the Residue

of the said refpetive Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Marine did or doth belong: And in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted, as aforesaid, of harbouring or assisting any such Deserter or Deserters;; having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes,

Caps, or other Furniture belonging to the King; or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, contrary to the Intent of this AT, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon Distress may be made, to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him for such Offence, or shall not pay such Penalties within four Days after such convition; then, and in such Case, such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, either commit such Offender to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space, of three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly whipped, at the discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XXXV Provided always, That so much of this AT as relates to the Punishment of such who This Aft toostoadto shall harbour, conceal or assist Deserters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or otherwise re Peljrters' c ln ilt> ceive, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture belong'ng to the King, from any Marine or 3, 1

Marine Deserter, or cause the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all Ends and Purposes whatsoever, to Ireland, and shall be put in Execution in that Kingdom, by all Justices of the Peace, and other Officers refpetively, according to the Tenor and during the Continuance of this AT.

XXXVI And be it further enated by the Authority aforesaid, That this AT, and everything Continuance of this AQ. herein contained, shall be and continue in force from the said twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year

of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, until the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty five.

XXXVII And, in order to prevent all Doubts which may arise in relation to punishing Offences committed against former ats of Parliament, made for the Regulation of the Marine Forces while

on Shore; Be it enated by the Authority aforesaid, That all Crimes and Offences which have been offences against former committed against any of the former ats in that Behalf, shall and may, during the Continuance of mjy be inquired this present AT, be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and puniflied before and by the 85 unlike

Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means and Methods, as the like Crimes and Of ° l_‘ls 1 fences committed against this present AT may be inquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged and puniflied.

XXXVIII Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any provided no Person be Offence against any of the said former ats, which shall appear to have been committed more than ji: lblet0 denied forof three Years before the issuing of thecommission or Warrant for such Trial, except only for the Of ™tee c'l'nn: lay i three

r C rr s ° ' ' - J Yeats before issuing the

fence Ot Delcrtion. • Warrant for Tf ?] 5 ex

XXXIX And to prevent as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent Arrests that may be made cept in Cases of dcfer lipon Marines, whereby his Majesty and the Public maybe deprived of their Service; It is hereby tion only,

further enated by the Authority aforesaid. That no Person whatsoever, who is entered, or shall enter No Volunteer linble ro

himself as a Volunteer in his majesty's Service, as a Marine, during the Continuance of this AT, ur, efs for some

'p 2. Qja]|. criminal Matter,

140

C 8.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763,

and a Memorandum thereof marked on the Back of the Process ■>

be liable to be taken out of his majdly's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for forrve criminal Matter, unk fs for a real Debt, or other just Cause of aslion; and unlefsr or utiles for a real Debt before the taking out of Inch Process or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter) the Plaintiff or or the Value VI 101. Plaintiffs therein, or some other pcrl'on orperfons on his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit before Oath of the dem to be one or more J udge or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or made before a Judge, Execution shall illue, or before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in fitch Courts, that to his or their Knowledge the original Sum, justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from the Defendant or Defendants, in the Action or Cause of Action on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be issued out, amounts to the Value of ten Pounds at least, over and. above all Coifs of Suit in the same Aiftion, or in any other a6h011 on which the same shall be grounded.;, a Memorandum of which Oath thrill be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ; for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken: And if any Person shall nevertheless be arreffed con othciwife Priibncr to be trary' to the Intent of this Atft, it shall and may be lawful for one or more Judge or Judges of such diichirged, with Cofis. Court, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself,, by any his superior Officer, to examine into .the same by the Oath of the Parties, or otherwise, ami by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals, to discharge such Marine so arreffed contrary to the Intent of this Atft, without paying any Fee or Sees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Marine so arreffed was legally entered as a Marine in his majesty's Service, and arreffed contrary to the Intent'of this Act, and also to award to the Party so complaining, such Coffs as such Judge or Judges shall think reasonable: For the Recovery whereof, he shall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution might have had lor his Coffs, or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Coffs, in case Judgement had been given for him with Coffs against the Defendant in the said Atftioiu

XL And to the end that honest Creditors, who aim only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Persons entered as Marines in his majesty's Service, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but on the contrary maybe assisted and forwarded in their Suits; and instead of an Arrest, which may at once hurt the Service, and oceafion a great Expense and Delay to themselves,, be enabled to proceed in a more speedy and cheap Method; Be it further enacted by Plaint iff giving Notice, tjje Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon. pearancv minn Notice first given in Writing of the Cause of Aiftion to such Person orperfons so entered, or left at his or their last Place of Residence before such Entering, to file a Common Appearance in any Atftion and Execution utbment to brourht for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgement and Outlawry, and to have anexecution thereupon, other than against the Body or Bodies of him or them so entered as aforesaid; this Atft, or anything herein, or any former Law or

Penalty on Constables, C negk?£hng to quarter Marines.

Statute, to the contrary notwithfiandinr

fan from quartering,

and on Viftuallers refuting to receive Mu

XLL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any High Constable, Constable, Bedel, or other Officer or Person whatsoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Atft, shall quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billeting, any Marine Officers or Private Men, shall negletft or refuse, for the Space of two Hours, to quarter or billet such Officers or Marines,, when thereunto required, in such manner as is by this Atft diretfted, provided sufficient Notice be Penalty on taking Mo gjven before the Arrival of such Forces; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree for, any Sum or ney to excu e any 5tr e; ums 0p ]\joney) or any Reward whatsoever, for or on account of excusing, or in order to excuse, any Person or Persons whatsoever from quartering or receiving into his, her or their House or Houses any such Officer or Marine; or in case any Vidtualler, or any other Person, liable by this Atft to have any Officer or Marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall refuse to receive or vitftual any such. Officer or Marine, so quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforesaid;; shall refuse to furnish or allow,, according to the Diretftions of this Act, the several Things herein before refpeiftively diretfted to be furnished or allowed to non commission Officers and Marines so quartered or billeted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate herein before mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or more Justice or Juftiees of the Peace of the County, City or Liberty, within which such. Offence shall be committed, either by his own Confession,, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice or Juftiees is and are hereby empowered to administer); every such High Constable, Constable, Bedel, or other Officer or Person so offending, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, - or any Sum of Money not exceeding five Pounds, nor lets than forty Shillings (as the said Justice or Juftiees, before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall, in his or their Discretion, think fit) to he levied by Diftrels and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Juftiees, before whom such Offender shall be convitfted, or of one or more of them, to be diretfted to any other Constable within the County, City or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell; and the said Sum of five Pounds, or the said Sum not

exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings, when levied, to be paid to the Overseers of the

Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, or to some one of them, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

To prevent abuses in XLII And, for the better preventing Abuses in quartering or billeting the Marines, in. purfuanee order0nfl itilescto Tive °* t's Atft: » pest further enatftcd by the Authority aforesaid, That it Ihail and may be lawful to and

'an Account of the for any one or more Justice or Juftiees of the Peace, within their respective Counties, Cities or LI

Number of Officers, berties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals,, at any Time or

Times.

I

A. D, 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 8. 141

Times during the Continuance of this Act, to require and command any High Constable, Constable, anj Private Men, and Bede], or other Officer, who Ilia]] quarter or billet any Marines in pursuance of this Act, to give an where quartered. Account in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the same, ' of the Number of Officers and Private Men who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and also the Names of the Houlekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Private Adan shall be quartered or billeted, together with an Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells; and the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses; to the end it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Private Men are quartered or billeted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or punish all Abuses in the quartering or billeting of them.

XLIII jprovided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, when and as fajikive;. ' : "lr‘a ■ often as any Person or Persons shall be infilled as a Marine or Marines in his majesty's Service, he and they shall, within four Days, but not sooner than twenty-four Hours, after such Infilling respectively, be carried before the next Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, City or Place, or chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate (not being an Officer of Marines), and before such Justice or chief Magistrate he or they shall be at Liberty to declare his or their Dissent to such Infilling; and upon such Declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each Person so dissenting paying the Sum of twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him, ftuh Person or Persons so infilled shall be forthwith discharged and fet at Liberty, in the Presence of such Justice or chief Magistrate; but if such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of' twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlifled, as if he or they had given his or their Assent thereto before the said Justice or. chief Magistrate; or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily infilled himself or themselves, then such Justice or chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his Hand, that such Person or Persons is or are duly infilled; setting forth the Place of the Birth, Age and Calling of him Or them respectively (if known), and that the second and third Sections of the Articles of War for the better Government of his majesty's Marine Forces while onshore in Great 'Britain ox Ireland, were read to him or .them, and that he or they had taken the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the twelfth Section of the said Articles of War; and if any such Person or Persons, foto be certified as duly infilled, shall refuse to take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or chief Magistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom, he has received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Persons, until he or they shall take the Oath before required; and every Officer of Marines that shall aft contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by two Witnesses before a General court-martial to be thereupon called, Shall, for such Offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within this Kingdom, or in his majesty's Service.

‘ XLIV And whereas it may be expedient in certain Cases, particularly where a sufficient Num ‘ ber of Marine Officers cannot be'conveniently assembled, or in Matters wherein any of his Ma 4 jesty's Land Forces may be interested, that Officers of the Land Forces should be aifociated with As oftenar. it ffiail be 4 the Marine Officers for the Purpose of holding court-martial; ' Be it enacted and declared, That oaifs ot"

when and as often as it shall be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of the Marine and forcesmay fit" hi Con land Forces to sit in Conjunction upon court-martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Marine junction upon Conns officer or Private Man, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such court-martial were martial; taking rank comp ofed of Marine Officers only; and the Officers of the Marine and Land Forces are, in such a5corilinf 1°‘hese")0"‘ Cases, to take Rank according to the Seniority of their Commissions in either Service.. JN ° 1 e, r omral *

XLV provided always, and it is hereby declared. That all his majesty's Marine Forces, as well Officers as'private Aden, shall, from Time to Time, during their being respectively born as Part of ^tanne f°rces

the Compliment of any of his majesty's Ships or Vessels, be subject or liable in like Manner, in all compliment "of any Respects, as any Officers or Seamen employed in his adajesty's Sea Service are subject: and liable to ships of War, are liable, be governed and proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them during the Time to be governed by the they shall be born as Part of the Compliment of such Ships or Vessels, according to the Purport, ruies established by Afb Tenor, Effect, and true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Geo' 3‘ c‘3: *'

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Ail for amending, explaining, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majeflf s Ships Vessels) and Forces by Sea j this present Aft or anything herein contained notwithstanding.

€ A P,

C 9, io.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

former Dude'; payable upon Beaver Skins imported, to ceafej

and other Duties to be paid in lieu thereof viz.

CAP. IX

An Act: for repealing the Duties now payable upon Beaver Skins imported, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting certain Duties upon the Exportation of Beaver Skins and Beaver Wool; and for taking off the Drawback allowed on the Exportation of such Skins.

Preamble. C V T 7 HEREAS the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Beaver Skins, and the Draw.

‘ Vv back, allowed upon the Exportation of such Skins, are great Discouragements to the manu C fafture of Hats in this Kingdom; Therefore We, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, ‘ the Commons of Great Britain, being desirous to promote and encourage the Manufactures of this

* Kingdom, do most humbly befeeeh your Majesty, that it may be enaftedand Be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

After 7 April 1764, tke Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the seventh Day of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the several Rates, Duties, Subfidics and Impositions payable upon the Importation of Beaver Skins, imported into Great Britain from any of his majesty's Dominions in America, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said seventh Day of April, the following Duties shall be paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; that is to lay,

For every Beaver Skin imported into Great Britain from any of his majesty's Dominions in America, the Sunt of one Penny; and

For every Beaver Skin, or Piece of Beaver Skin, exported from Great Britain, the Sum of seven Pence; and

For every Pound Weight Averdupoife of Beaver Wool or Wombs exported from Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties and Impositions by this Act granted, shall be laid, levied, collected, paid and applied in fueh Manner, and for the same Purposes, as the several Rates and Duties by this Act repealed as aforesaid, and now respectively railed, levied, collected and paid, and applied: And all the Proviftons of or in every Aft or Law now in force for raising, levying, collecting, paying and applying the Duties and Impositions hereby repealed as aforesaid, shall be in full Force, and shall be put in Execution, for raising, levying, collecting, paying and applying the Duties and Impositions by this Act granted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Proviftons were particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Aft.

IV Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said seventh Day of April, no Drawback shall be allowed on the Exportation of any Beaver Skin from Great Britain,

CAR X

An Act: for the more easy Discharge of Recognizances eftreated into his majesty's

Court of Exchequer.

HEREAS many Recognizances have been eftreated into his majesty's Court of Exchequer, against Persons for not appearing as Parties or Witnesses in his majesty's Courts of ‘ record at Wefltninjler, or at the Affixes and General Quarter Sessions, or other Courts of Record ‘ in that Part of Great Britain called England, or for not profeeuting Indiftments there, or otherwise

* performing the Conditions in such Recognizances contained; many of which Neglects of Duty ‘ have happened by the Inattention of ignorant People, some of whom are imprisoned, and a great ‘ Number of others liable to be so, by the Process'conftantly iffiied against them out of the Courts ‘ of Exchequer, and directed to the Sheriffs, though'no other Prosecution be.fubfifting but merely for ‘ such Forfeitures of their Recognizances, from which there are no easy Means at present, for poor 4 Persons especially, to procure any Discharge For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by'the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fifth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, it shall be lawful for the Barons of his. majesty's Court of Exchequer, upon Affidavit and Petition to be presented to them by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons imprisoned, or liable to be imprisoned, on the Forfeiture of any such Recognizances, to discharge fueh Person or Persons, by Order from the said Barons, without any Quietus to be sued out for that Purpose; for which Order no more than .one Pound and one Shilling hall be taken by the Officer appointed to give out the same: Provided that no Discharge

3 shall

The new Duties to be paid, and applied as the former j

and the Provisions in former Acts refpetting the same, to be in force, and extended to the Duties of this Act j

and no Drawback to be allowed on the Exportation of Beaver Skins.

Preamble 9

After 1 May 1764, the Barons of the Exchequer impdwered to djlcharge, upon Affidavit and Petition, and without Quietus sued. Recognizances of Persons eftreated into the Exchequer:

Fee payable upon such Order, 1 1. is.

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii TIT. C 11. 143

f7aa.ll be given on such Petitions where any Debt is due to the Crown, aether than by the Recogni D: bts due to the Crown; stances so prayed to be difehnrged; nor in any Cases of defrauding his majqfty's Revenue by contra Cafe! j, 'r'u<is ty1™ band Trade, or assaulting his majesty's Officers of the Cuftotns or Excise in .the Execution of their T officers of "the" Duty, or any Person or Persons lawfully assisting them therein. '. Revenue excepted.

CAP. XI

An a<51 for continuing certain Laws therein mentioned relating to British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth, and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder, and for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America.

‘ TTPHEREAS the Laws herein after mentioned are found to be very useful and beneficiai,

‘ yv and are near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted;; Be it enacted by the king's moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and confer.t of the Lords Spiritual arid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Aft 9 Geo. 2. C 57. George the Second, entitled, An Act forfurther encouraging and regulating the Manufadiure of British relating to British Sail Sail Cloth, and for the ?nore ejj'edlual Jecuring the Duties now payable on Foreign S al Cloth imported into cloth c this Kingdom, which was to continue in force from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, for the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts made in the thirteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty first Years .of his said majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration further continued to zg thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and Sept. 1771. from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the fourth Year of Aft 4 Geo. 2. C 29. re

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled. An Act for granting an Allowance upon Iating to the Allowance the Exportation of British made. Gunpowder, which was to continue in force for five Years from the Exportation of

twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-one, and from thence to the End b0rj^r mad!i Goa' of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the tenth, F ''v

sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty first Years of his said majest'y's Reign, was further continued

until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and iixty four, and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued further continued to 29

from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven huns; Pr '771-

dred and seventy one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the So much of Aft sgeo. eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, entitled, An Act for giving further Encouragement »• C IZ as 10 for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the Importa il imp°patl0n ol tion of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enume j., j™ber) freni i'hevirated, from any of his majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs till. Plantations in ame and Impositions whatsoever; which was to be in force for twenty-one Years, from the twenty-fourth rica

Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty-two; and which, by several subsequent Acts

made in the sixteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King

George the Second, was further continued urttil the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand

seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth further continued to 2 j

Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the End of the Sept. 1^1,

then next Session of Parliament.

*44-

Pu'ambltf

Aft 3 Geo. i. C 13. for regulating Pilots of Veficls from Dover, cur the Thames and Medway;

and Clause in Act 7 Oeo. 1. C 21. for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and Thanet, C

further continued to 25 March 1778,

So much of Ad 15 & 36 Geo. 2. C 25. as rebates to the landing pf Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, before .Duties paid.

.■further continued to 2, 9 Sept. 1771.

So much of Ad 19 Geo. 2. C 34, as relates to Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Customs and Excise 5 and to the Relief of Officers of thecufioms in Informations upon Seizures 5

•further continued to 29 •sept, 1771*

C ill Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763,

CAP. XII

An Act to continue several Laws for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and jjle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway -, relating to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the Britishj Sugar Plantations before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise;; to the Relief of the Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; and ■for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in greatbrilain, and navigated according to Law, and for punishing Persons who shall damage or destroy any Banks, floodgates, Sluices, or other Works, belonging to the Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament.

C \2f7 HE RE AS the Laws herein after mentioned have, by Experience, been found useful ‘ W and beneficial, and are near expiring; ' May it therefore pleaie your Majesty, that it maybe enacted;; Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Add made in the third Year of the Reign of King George the First, entitled, An Act for the better regulating of Pilots for the conducing of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway, which was to continue in force for leven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; and also a Clause for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Ifh of Thanet, in an Act passed in the seventh Year of his fiaid majesty's Reign, which was to be in force during the Continuance of the said Act of the third Year of his said majesty's Reign; which said Act, together with the said Clause, were, by several subsequent Adds, made in the tenth Year of his said majesty's Reign, and of the eighth and twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, further continued until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall be and the same are hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament.

It. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Adito empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehoifes at their own Expense; and for the Relief of Ralph Barrow, in refpedi to the Duty on same Rock Salt, lofil by the • Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and Dane • as relates to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the Lodging of the same in Warehouies at the Expense of the Importers or Proprietors thereof; which was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the twenty-third Year of his said late majesty's Reign, was further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the thirty first Year of his said late majesty's Reign, was amended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth Day oi September one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for the further Punifmcnt of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Giiftoms or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for Relief of Officers of the Cufioms in Informations upon Seizures, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; which Act was to continue in force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the twenty sixth and thirty second Years of his said majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof until the twenty-ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the End of the then next Section of Parliament.

IV

A. D, 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 13. 14.5

tv. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the twelfth Year 11 Geo., 2. C 30.. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for granting a Liberty to ranting Liberty to carry carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of his majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, the8brituh plntatmns° from the said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according in America, directly to to Law; which was to continue in force for five Years from the twenty-ninth Day of September one Foreign Parts, C thejufand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the seventeenth, twenty-fourth, and thirtyj first Years of his .said majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day' of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next session of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby further continued, from the Expiration thereof, further continued 1059 until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from sepu j77' thenee to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

V And whereas the Laws now in being are not sufficient for the Preservation of the Banks,

floodgates, Sluices, and other Works belonging to Rivers and Streams made navigable by Act of Parliament, and for the maintaining the Navigation on such Rivers and Streams; Be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the paifing of this Act, if any Person or i'erfor.s who full h persons shall wilfully or malieioufly break, throw down, damage or destroy any Banks, floodgates, oth«r'vhl'k'*'

Sluices, or other Works, or'open or draw up any flood gate or floodgates, or do any other wilful belonging to rw«" C Hurt or mischief to any such Navigation, so as to obstruct, hinder or prevent the carrying on, com madelvigabk by Aft" pleating, fupportiog or maintaining such Navigation; every such Person or Persons shall be adjudged of Parliament, feali be guilty, of Felony; and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, guilty of Feio

Shall and hereby have .Power and Authority to order such Person or Persons to be transported for seven ft' traa portej Years.

CAP. XIII

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for preventing, in certain Cases, the obtaining of Allowances in respect of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lost, burnr, or otherwise destroyed.

Mof Gracious Sovereign,

| your majesty's moil dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Par Preamble.

VV liament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the Sum herein after mentioned; and do therefore moll humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted;; ' Be it enacted by the king's moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Moneys as shall, from Time to Time, be Towards railing .the and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplufles, Excefies, Overplus Moneys, and Supplies granted, there other Revenues, eompofmg the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying or referring ala be liked out of the sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parlia n" exceeding' * utn ment to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be blued anti applied, for and towards making -j00o, cool. good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, a Sum not exceeding two Millions; and the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commis iioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to blue and apply the same accordingly.

II And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Commissioners of ciaufe of Loan for his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any railing the aforesaid Sum three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall think it adviseable to of 2>oco, oool. raise the said Sum of two millions, or any Part thereof, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, in manner herein after mentioned, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the said Sum of two millions, upon the Credit of the said Surplufles, Excefies, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, and to have and receive Interest for the Forbearance of the Money lent, so as such Loans be allowed to be made by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who are hereby authorised to blue their Warrants for that Purpose, as sass as such Loans shall be wanted for the Publick Service; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act, shall be rated or afteffed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever.

Vol. IX

U

III

Tallies of Loftn may be ftiuck for the same.

Orders lo! C rep/lured uw<i pa'd in courier.

No See to be paid tor rendering, C

Penalty of undue Preference 5

how to be recovered.

It ball be deemed no ■undue Preference, where Tallies are dated, or brought the same Day j

ncr if subsequent Orders be paid before such as were not demanded in fourle.

Orders afiignablc tofics fuofiest

C 13. Anno quarto Georgii Ilf. A. D. 1763.

III And be It further enacted. That all and every Person or Persons who Aral] lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Tally of Loan truck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, beaiing the same Date with his, her or their Tally, in or upon which Order hall be also contained?. Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and all such Orders for Repayment of Money, foto be lent, hall be regiltered in course, according to the Dates respectively;; that all and every Person and Persons {'nail be paid in course, according as their Orders shall land registered in the said Register Books, so as the person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, his, her or their Executors, admiruftra torr or Assigns, who hall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said Books of re gifter, shall be taken and accounted to be the first Person or Persons to be paid out of the said sur plufles, Exccfles, or other Revenues; and he, she or they who shall have his, her or their Order of Orders next entered, hall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in course; and that the Moneys to come in of or for the said Surplufles, Exceftes, and Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, as aforesaid, hall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without any undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise;; hall not be diverted or divertible to any other life, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever (other than fuchufes and Purposes as are appointed by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf as aforesaid); and that no Fee, reward or Gratuity,, directly or indirectly, hall be demanded or taken of any of his majesty's Subjects, for providing or

.making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Searches, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of his majesty's Officer'or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also;; if any undue Preference of one before another, shall be made either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved, and hall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if any such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Office or Place : And in case the Auditor of the Receipt hall not direst the said Orders of Loan, or the Cleric of the Pells record, or the 'Teller make Payment upon such Orders, according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed;; he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks, therein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such manner as aforesaid: : said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and maybe recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Wejlminjhr; wherein noeffoin, ' Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order ofreftraint, hall be in any wise granted or allowed.

IV Provided always, and it is declared, That if it shall happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, beardate, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it hall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered first, so as be enters them all the same Day.

V Provided also, That it hall not he interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in point of Payment, if the Auditor direst, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do nay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in course; so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which hall not be otherwise disposed of, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

VI And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money hall be due, for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed and written upon his, her or their Order, may afiign and transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit, of such Order, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof alio made in the Book of Register aforesaid for Orders (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it hall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons wlio hath or have made such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

VII And to the end there may be no Want or Failure of a certain Sum not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of two millions, to be raised either by such Loans as aforesaid, or by iiluing Exchequer Bills, as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of those Ways or Means, for the

Public

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 13. 147

Public Service; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Commissionere Commiirionets of the of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any Treafory, if they lull three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, flu.ll judge it more advise think u more adviseabte able to raise the said Sum of two millions, or any Part thereof, by Exchequer Bills, instead of such inyp.m thereof' hex loans as aforesaid, that then they refpehively are hereby authorised and Empowered, at any Time chequer Bills, may make or Times, to prepare and make, or cause to be prepared and made, at the Exchequer, any Number out any Number of new of new Exchequer Bills, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the said Sum Exchequer bills for the of two millions, together with such Loans aforesaid, in the same or like Manner, Form or Order, j^form as'i? and according to the same or like Rules and direhions, as in and by a certain AH of this present fcr; bed by the Malt Act Seifion of Parliament, entitled, An Act for continuing and granting to his majejhj certain Duties upon of thisseffion.

Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Tear one thoufandseven hundred and sixty four, are enacted and prescribed, concerning the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of the said AH.

VIII And be it further enahed by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every the Clauses, Pro ciaufes in the fold Aft vifoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said xeinring to Exchequer last mentioned. AH, relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills, authorised to be made by the same mldtoui in 'u * AH (except such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same AH, and except fuanc^of

such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said AH) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills, to be paid in pursuance of this AH, as fully and effeflually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned AH, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enahed in the Body of this present AH.

IX And be it enahed by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Exchequer Bills which shall be The said Bills, Interest, made in pursuance of this AH, and the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges incident to, or attend Premium and charge:, ing the same, 111 all be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid and born fna5'ay^ut 01the sin t by and out of the growing Produce of the said Surplufles, Exeeffes, and Overplus Moneys, or other Ing ur' "‘

Revenues composing the Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as are appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by, any former or other AH or ahs of Parliament in that Behalf),

and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, .Rate or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid oft, cancelled and difebarged, or Money fuffieient for thatpurpofe be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the refpehive Proprietors thereof.

X And be it declared and further enahed by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be The Bank impoxvered lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in; o advance, on the said like mantier at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this AH, any Sum crc<!lt ol lo‘)n' any?'ltr* or Sums of Money not exceeding In the Whole the Sum of two millions; anything in an AH made ^oo^cool thea 5 in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King william and Queen Mary, entitled, An Adifork 6w. ma. zo, granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, notwithstanding.

and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses cmd Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such per fons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War qowvz/?france, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

‘ XI And whereas by the eighth Rule. annexed to the Book of Rates referred to in the AH of

* Tonnage and Poundage, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, every

* Merchant bringing in any Sort of Wines into this Kingdom byway of Merchandise, and making

* due Entries thereof, is allowed twelve per Centum for Leakage : And whereas it is of late Years

* become a prahice for several Merchants to lodge Spanish, Portugal, and other Wines at the Islands of guernfey and Jersey, and, after they have filled up the Casks there, to import such Wines into ‘ this Kingdom, and demand the before mentioned Allowances for Leakage, notwithstanding the ‘ Casks are quite full; to the lessening of his majesty's Revenue, and the Prejudice of other Mer ‘ chants who import Wines direhly from the Place of their Growth For Remedy whereof, and in order to put all Merchants upon a more equal Footing; Be it enahed by the Authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Merchant The former Allowance shall be allowed twelve per Centum, or have any Allowance for Leakage upon any Wine imported u id. percent, for into this Kingdom, unless such Wine be imported direhly from the Country orplaee of the Growth Leakage upon Wines of the said Wine, or the usual Port or Place of its first Shipping, except only Madeira Wines jm ^tt^efp'e^t^allfo' h ported into this Kingdom from any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, or from the wines as foaii not be Eafi Indies; anything in the said recited Rule, or any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary not imported direftiy from withstanding. ‘!; e place f heir

‘ XII And whereas several Bills commonly called excbequerbills, several Tickets commonly called wines excepted"

‘ Lottery Tickets,, several Orders and Certificates made forth in lieu of the said Lottery Tickets, and

* likewise for Annuities of diverse Kinds payable at or near the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer j 1 as also several Receipts of the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank oi England, or

* some of them, for. Moneys contributed there for the Purchase of Annuities transferrable in the

* Books of the said Governor and Company, or for other Moneys payable there in pursuance of ahs'

‘ of Parliament, have by Casualty or Milehanee been lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed;;

* Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders of

U 2 the.

148 C 14. Anno quarto Georgii III A.D... 1763.

‘ the respective Denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in purfunnce of several Acts of Cbufc of Relief for Ex ‘ Parliament in that Behalf; ' Be it therefore .enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases Tickets ^ccrificate"^ where shall appear by Affidavit to be made before any or either of the Barons of the Exchequer for Annuity Orders, 'the Time being (who shall interrogate the Deponent thereupon to the Satisfaction of such Baron lots, burnt, or otherwise or Barons, that any such Exchequer Bills, or any such Ticket, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity or dettroyed. ders, or other Orders as aforesaid, before the first Day of 'June one thousand seven hundred and sixty

four, have been, are, or shall be lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or that there be good Reason to believe the same have been burnt, lost, or otherwise destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers and Persons appointed to issue and make forth such Exchequer Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, or to pay or discharge the same, or to issue any Moneys due or payable thereupon, upon producing a Certificate from any or either of the said Barons of such Affidavit made before him or them (which Affidavit the said Barons, or any or either of them, is and are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they is or are hereby required to make and grant without Fee or Reward), and on Security given to the said respective Officers and Persons, to their good Liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other Persons whatsoever for or concerning the Moneys specified in or due upon such respective Bill or Bills, Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, Order or Orders, they the said Persons respectively shall and are hereby required to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts and Orders, at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay, satisfy and discharge the same, and all such Interest as is or shall be due on any of them, carrying Interest, or to make forth Stock or transferrable Annuities in lieu of such Receipts as he or they should have paid, satisfied or discharged, or made forth on the said original Bills, Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed all such Payments, Sum or Sums of Money in their respective Accounts; and in all Cases where the Signing of the commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, shall be necessary for making the said Duplicates, or any of them, effectual for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to sign such Duplicates accordingly.

CAP. XIV

An Act for the better regulating of Buildings; and to prevent. Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein mentioned.

Preamble, reciting CL a nfe in Aft ir Geo, 1. C z.

For former Provijions relating hereto, refer to 6 Ann. C 31. 7 Ann. C 17. And see 33 Geo, *• C 30. §. 23.

rh E R E A S so much of the Aft, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late majesty King George the First, entitled, An Act for the better regulating oj Buildings; and to ‘ prevent Mischiefs that may happen by Fire within the jveekly Bills of Mortality, and other Places therein ‘ mentioned; as relates to pulling down or rebuilding of Partitions or Party Walls, between House ‘ and House, is confined to Cases where one of the Houses is to be erected or built; and it may hap -- ‘ pen, that Party Walls within the said City and Liberty of ivcjlminjler, and the Parishes, Precincts, C and Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within the several Parishes of Saint C Mary Le Bone and Paddington, and within the Parishes of Chelsea and Saint Patterns, or either of ‘ them, in the County of ]Middlesex (except the City of London, and the Liberties thereof; and also, C except Houses on London Bridge, and on the River of Thames below Bridge), may be so far out of C Repair, as to render it necessary to pull down and rebuild the same, although neither of the adjoin ‘ ing Houses, to which such Party Walls belong, require to he rebuilt; and it may happen, that C Party Walls, within the Limits aforesaid, may be so far defective and bad, by falling out of the C Perpendicular, as to become unsafe for the Builder of the next adjoining House to rest Timbers * thereupon, or oblige such Builder to run or place his Timbers quite through such defective Party ‘ Walls, in order to preserve their just Lengths, whereby Fire may be more readily communicated ‘ from House to House, contrary to the Intent of the said Act: And whereas the Workmen ap ‘ pointed, by virtue of the said recited Aft, to examine Party Walls, are often equally divided irt C Opinion about the Necessity of pulling down and rebuilding such Party Walls, whereby a Certifi ‘ cate from the major Part of such Workmen, as by the said recited Aft is required, cannot be ob C tained, and the Purposes of the said Act, in many Instances, have been evaded Wherefore, may it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and Be it enacted by the' king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aficmbled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the said recited Aft as relates to Party Walls within the said City and Liberty of ifeflminflcr, r any Parish, Precinct or Place comprised within the (Weekly Bills of Mortality, or ikry to pull down and re within the several Parishes'of Saint Mary le Bone and Paddington, or within the Parishes of Chelsea and build any Party Wall; Saint Paucras, or either of. them, in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London, and the joir^inrhousesflialhe" Liberties thereof; and also, except the Party Walls of Houses on the River of Thames below lobe rebuilt or not. Bridge), shall, from and after, the passing of this present Aft, extend, and be construed, deemed, and

4 • < -■ taken

So much of the recited Act as relates to Party Walls within the City and Liberty of west minster, C extended to all Cases, where necef

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 14.; i49

taken to extend, to all Cases whatsoever within the said City and Liberty of Wefmlnjlcr, and the several Parishes, Precincts and Limits aforesaid, where it is or shall be'necessary to pull down and rebuild any Party Wall, whether either of the adjoininghouses shall or shall not be, or require to be, ... rebuilt, or new built. < ' ‘ t : f" ‘ .'■• 1 G 5

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid; That from and after the paffing'of this wiioe a Majority of the present Aft, in case the major Part of the Workmen appointed, in manner by the. said recited Aft Workmen, appointed in prescribed, to view the Party Wall of any House or Houses within the said City of Tfejltninfler, and Parted

the several Parishes, Precincts and Limits aforesaid, intended to be pulled‘down, shall 'hot, within wailub^pul'led down, the Space of one Calendar Month next after such Appointment; signa Certificate in Writing, as by hall not sign acertifi ' the said Act is required; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two ca, as required, or more of his majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City or County, residing within or near the two neighbouring Ju parish, Liberty or Precinct, where the House or Houses' ' such Party Wall or Walls intended ^'namranothlr to be pulled down, shall Hand, and such two or more Justices are hereby authorized'and required, °

upon Application to them for that Purpose made, by the Owner or Occupier of either of the Houses between which the Party Wall, so proposed to be pulled down, shall be, to name and appoint one other able Workman, to be added to the Workmen appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Aft; and the Workmen so appointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said former Aft, and of this present Aft, or the major Part of them, who'shall meet 'for that Purpose (ten Days Notice having been given to, or left at the dwelling house of, each and every of them, of such intended Meeting), shall view the Party Wall so proposed to be pulled down; and in case the major Part of ani 4e !), aion'y then such Workmen shall certify in Writing, under their Hands, that such party Wall is defective and gu^^ltbein'^cfec bad, and ought to be pulled down, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the tlve, tie same "may be Owner or Occupier of either of the said adjoining Houses, to cause such Party Wall to be! pulled pulled down and rebuilt 5 down and rebuilt; and he or she shall have such Remedy for recovering a moiety'of the Expenses a Moiety of theex thereof, as in and by the said recited Aft is given or provided; subject nevertheless to such Appeal to, Pe" ces recoverei1 accorij'

and Determination by, the Justices of the Peace, as by the same Aft is directed....

* III And whereas it would tend greatly to prevent the fatal Consequences of Fire spreading and ‘ communicating to adjoining Houses, within the said City, Parishes, Precincts, and other the Limits ‘ aforesaid, if Party Walls between House and House, within the same, were to be made of greater

* Thickness than is prescribed by the Aft passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Aft 7 Ann. C

* Queen Anne, entitled, An Aftfor making more effectual an Act ni'acle in the ftxtb Year, of her said Ma 1 je/iy's Reign, for the better preventing of awifchiejs that tnay happen by Fire; and if ■ no'timbers, ex ‘ cept the Timbers of the Girders, Binding Joists, and the Templets under the same, were laid into C the Party Walls; and if no Timbers of the Roof be laid into such Party Walls (except the Pur ‘ loins or Kerb thereof), and if the Ends of the Girders or Binding Joists, lying within the said ‘ Party Walls, did not exceed one Foot; and if none of the Ends of the Girders or Binding Joists,

‘ in adjoining Houses, met, - or were laid opposite to each other, and the Sides thereof were laid at

C least fourteen Inches distant from each other and if there should be nine Inches, at least, of solid -‘ brickwork left at or between the Ends of all Lentils, Wall Plates, and Bond Timbers, which may ‘ or shall be laid in or upon the Walls of the Fore arid Back Fronts of all Houses which shall adjoin C to each other Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Party Walls which, from and after the Expiration of three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, shall be Thickness for the future erected or built within the said City or Liberty of Wefminjleif and the Parishes, Precincts and Limits cellar^o'the^arret* aforesaid, shall be two Bricks and an half thick at the least in the Cellar, and two Bricks thick up Floor, ' and from thence wards to the Garret Floor, and from thence one Brick and an half thick at least eighteen Inches above upwards; and to be ts the Roofs or Gutters which adjoin to such Party Walls; and that the same shall be built'of Stone, or inches high above the of good sound burnt Bricks, and none other. 1,. •. - -. r -*• <' Roof

I.. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from ari'dl after the Expiration 'of No Timbers to be raid the said three Calendar Months, no Timbers, except the Timbers of the Girders, Binding Joists, lnt0 tlle )'artl' and the Templets under the same, shall be laid into the Party Walls erected or built, or to be erected pa^culariy'alwe^.' or built, within the said City or Liberty of ivejhninfer, and the Parishes, Precincts and Limit's afore said;; that no Timbers of the Roof be laid into such partywalls except the Purloins or Kerb Rules .tobeobierved in.' thereof), and that the Ends of Girders, and Binding Joists, lying within such partywalls, shall npt, thc

exceed nine Inches; and that none of the Ends of the Girders, or'binding Joists, in adjoining hputes, 11 ers' an j01 s' shall meet, or be laid opposite to each other; and that the Sides thereof fhallbe, at least, fourteen Inches distant from each other; and that there shall be nine Inches, at least, of solid brickwork left Aa Tlate}>

at or between the Ends of all Lentils, Wall Plates; and Bon'd Timbers, which may or shall be laid an orj lm trs in or upon the Walls of the Fore and Back Fronts of all Houses which shall adjoin to each other :

And if any Head Builder, Master Bricklayer, or Workman, shall erect and build, or cause to' be Builder, C not ccn erected and built, any Party Wall within the said City or Liberty of ‘tveflminfer, and the Parishes, tprnung to these dire precincts and Limits aforesaid, contrary to the Directions.. Intent and Meaning of this Act; or ""ducborat8 or Uyins shall use, in the building thereof, any Bricks, other than good sound burnt Bricks; or shall lay any Pwyr ws>u«

Timber in any Party Wall erected Or built, or which shall be erected or built, with'i ri the said.'cify or othenviic' tbfti pa' ' of Westminster, and the Parishes, Precincts and Limits aforesaid, contrary to the Directions..,, j ' / ft 1, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; then such Head Builder, Master Bricklayer, or Workman, - ■ j if,

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty"pounds, to be equally divided, one to forfeit 501,

Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the‘poor of the Pariflt where such Build '...

ing

i50

C 14.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

to be levied by Difticfs and Sale j

>ng hall be; to be levied, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of his majesty's Justices of the Peace, by Diilrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods, upon Conviction upon Oath of one or more credible Witness orwitnefles, or upon his or their own confeftioii, rendering the and for want of Distress, Overplus (if any he] to the Owner or Owners; and, for want of such Ciftrefs, the Offender shall ted fons Mimlii " mit imprisoned for the Space of six Months, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid, by Warrant, under the Hands and Seals of .the said two or more Justices, who are hereby required and empowered

oc tiiepenalty maybe tp; sue such Warrant accordingly; or that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person

For and recovered in t any of tyre .Courts at West mincer,

vstth Rouble Cofss,

Application of the Penalty,

Xvulcs to be • ©b/erved

and to Timber Buildings.

and Persons whomsoever, to sue for and recover all and every or any the aforesaid Penalty and Penalties, given or imposed by this Act, byaftion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Jvtfltninfter, wherein no Eifoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and that every the Person and Persons, suing or prosecuting for any such Penalty or Penalties, shall, in all Cases where he or they shall recover the same in manner herein last mentioned, be entitled to and shall recover double Costs of Suit, over and above all and every such Penalty and Penalties; and one Moiety of, every such Penalty and Penalties, when recovered, shall be immediately paid, by the Person or Persons recovering the same, to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for the time.being of the Parish, Liberty or Precinct, in which such Penalty or Penalties shall arise, and for which such Action .shall be commenced, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish, Liberty or Precinct, and. the other Moiety thereof shall be for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform, sue for, and recover the same.

V And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid.. from and after the first Day of July one nu vefipefi to Ucaiihs thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Timber or Timbers whatsoever shall be laid or placed under the Hearth or Hearths of any Room or Rooms,, or within nine Inches of anyfunnel or Slew of any Chimney or Chimneys of any House or Houses within the Limits aforesaid; and that no Timber Buildings whatsoever shall be built adjoining to any House or Houses, so as the Timbers thereof .shall be laid into the Wall of any such House or Houses already built, or hereafter to be built, within Penalty of not conform the Limits aforesaid, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds; to be recovered, levied and applied, against mg thereto, 501. the Workman offending therein, or the Inhabitant or Person causing such Building to be erected or built, in like manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture .is, in and by this Act, directed to be recovered, levied and applied.

party>valls not to be VJ. And be it, further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That after any Party Wall or Party adj0ining°buitding s / ' vfalls shall be erected or built pursuant to the Directions of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall build against such Party Wall or Party Walls, shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, cut into or wound the same, for the Conveniency of making a Chimney or Chimneys, or for any nor other Timbers to be other Purpose whatsoever; nor shall lay into the same any other Timbers than are allowed hy this Act Jam therein, than is to j^;, } jnto new Party Walls, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, 'to be recovered against the Party here allowed, on 1 enaltv pf person offendingi, n tjhcmanner herein before directed..

to cause the VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master Builder who shall, Houses to be surveyed: aftft the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, erect or build any House within the Limits abovementioned, shall, within fourteen Days after the same shall be covered in, cause the Surveyors tn make Oath f me tq be funeyed by one or more Surveyor or Surveyors; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall of the lame being built ia, C Oath, before one of his majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Mirldlefex or tions of this Act. City of jvejlminjler (which Oath such J uftice is hereby empowered and required to administer), that the same hath been (to the best of his or their Judgement and Belief) built and eiefted agreeable to Oath to belied with the [be several Directions in this Act: contained; which Affidavit shall be filed with the Clerk of the .... 1 — »• pcacc (0r the said County of Middlesex, within ten Days after the making thereof; and the said Clerk

of the Peace shall, for his Trouble therein, be. entitled to and receive the Sum of one Shilling, and no more : And if any Master Builder shall make Default in the Premises, byneglefting to caul : such Survey to be made, or such Affidavit to be made and filed as aforesaid, such Master Builder shall, for every such Neglect or Default, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; to be recovered and applied in the same Manner, as any Penalties or Forfeitures are, by this Act, directed to be recovered and applied.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pariftiioners and Inhabitants 5, camp tent Witnesses. Of ttye ]?arilh? Liberty or Precinct, where any Offence against this Act shall be committed (except Persons receiving Alms) shall be admitted and allowed, to be competent Witnesses, notwithstanding bis] her, or their being a Pqrifliioner or. Pariftiioners, Inhabitant or Inhabitants, in such Parish, Liberty or Precinct.. |;, • -

- IX V And whereas some Part or Parts of Houses already pulled down, or that shall hereafter be

‘ pu, lied down, in order to be rebuilt, may be so intermixed with adjoining Houses over or under c.'each other, in such manner that a Party Wall or Party Walls, of Brick or Stone, cannot be ef ‘ feftually built upon the old Foundations perpendicular quite through all the Stories, in order C to*prevent Mischiefs by'fire, without pulling down some Part or Parts of the One, and laying the ‘ same to the other: ' For: preventing Disputes thereupon, or determining any fubiifting Disputes, diigates atout, dami|e, Be. it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Dispute or Controversy hath arisen, bv crcfting new pjrpen 0i. flpal) arise, .between the Owner or Owners of any House or Houses already pulled down, or that shall be dicuui Party Wails npnn p tilled dowit in order to be rebuilt, and the Owner or Owners of any House adjoining on either Side to such ■where parttofiithtadr House or Houses, within the said City or liberty of wejlminjler, and the Parishes, Precincts, and Limits jciiiing Houtes intermix, ..aforesaid, concerning any Part or Parts thereof intermixed over or, under, each other, in such manner - ..................................................................... ' ' that

Clerk of the Peac§ : Hjs see.

Builder not complying, to iqrfcjt 501..

parifiiioners, e. deem

A. D. 1763* Anno quarto Georgii III G, 14. *5*

that a Party Wall or Party Walls of Brick or Stone caiinot be effectually built upon the old Foundations, perpendicular quite through all the Stories of the Paid House or Houses, in order to prevent Mischiefs by Fire, without pulling down some Part or Parts of one or more of the said adjoining Houses, and laying some Part or Parts of one or more of the said adjoining House or Houses or Ground to the other or others thereof, it hall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace, - are to be referred to the in the General or Quarter Sessions to beholden for the said city and Liberty of Westminjhr, or the qiarte? County of Middlesex, and they are hereby authorised and required, upon'application made to them C l0ns* by the Person or Persons desirous to pull down or rebuild any House or Houses as aforesaid, to examine into such Dispute or Controversy, and ascertain the Property, and fix the Value, of What may. be found necessary to be wanted for ercfting perpendicular Party Walls upon the old Foundations as aforesaid; and, for that Purpose, to issue their order to the Sheriffs or Bailiffs, .or other proper who are tafommtm a Officer of the City or County wherein any such Dispute or controverfy'hath arifert or hall arise, to j"rr t0, he Value summon a Jury to view the rremrltes, try the Sails, and fix the Value of any Damages' that may ar.dtkordef made up, arise, on their Verdict j and, upon such Verdict, the said Justices hall and may, - and are hereby au on C '

thorized and required to make such Order or Orders in the said Prcmiffes as they, in their discretions, hall think to be just and reasonable; and the Determinations of the said Justices sit all be final; s to bs final, and conclusive to all Parties, without any Appeal from the same,,

X And, for the better preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire, and to deter and hinder

ill minded Persons from willfully setting their House or Houses, or other Buildings, on fire, with a View of gaining to themselves the Insurance Money, whereby the Livesand Fortunes of many Families are lost; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Cases whereintnforance and for the respective Governors or Directors of the fevcal Insurance Offices, within the Cities of office's may lay out the London and jvejbninjler, for insuring Houses and other Buildings agaiuft Losses by Fife, and they are Insurance Money, to hereby authorised and required, upon the Application and request of any Person or Persons inter wards rebuilding C efted in, or entitled unto, any House or Houses or other Buildings, within the Limits by this Act preferi jue' r am

bed, which hereafter hall or maybe burnt.down, demolished, or damnified by fire; or upon any

Grounds of Suspicion that the Owner or Owners, - Occupier or Occupiers,; or other Person or Persons who shall have insured such House or Houses, or other Buildings, have been guilty of Fraud, or of willfully setting their House or Houses or other Buildings, on fire; to cause the Insurance Money to be laid cut and expended, as far as the same will go; towards rebuilding, reinstating, or repairing'fucfi House or.

Houses, or other Buildings, so burnt down, demolished, or damnified by Fire; unless the Party or Parties claiming such Insurance Money hall, within sixty Days next after such Claim hall be adjiifted, give' a sufficient Security to the Governors or Directors of the Insurance Office where such House or Houses, or other Buildings, are insured, that the same Insurance Money hall be so kid out and expended as aforesaid;; unless the said' Insurance Money shall be in that Time settled and difpofetl octo and amongst all the contending Parties, to the Satisfaction and Approbation of such Governors or directors of iuch Insurance Offices respectively ■ " ' • va

XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Order which shall be made by Orders of.justices not any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of or under this Act, or any other Proceedings to be liable to. be quaffied tor had touching the Conviction or Convictions of any Offender or Offenders'against this Act, shall be ^^bfremoved b quashed or vacated for Want ofform only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other ceuior.iri.™0' 7 Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's Courts of Record at iveflminjler.

XII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action shall be brought, Limitation of Aaion*

or Suit commenced, against any Person or Persons, for anything done in pursuance of this Act,. .1

such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within six Months next after the fa ft done, and not

afterwards; and hall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Fast was committed, and

not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and General Ifiite,

give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the

same was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act : And if the same hall appear to have

been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or hall be

brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury hall find for the Defendant

or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of

his, her, or their Action or Actions;; if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's; or

if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; the said Defendant or

Defendants hall have treble Costs, and hall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any De Treble Coils,

fendant or Defendants hath or have, for Colls, in any other Cases by Law. i

XIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Expense of Party wills

Party Wall within the said City or Liberty of jvejhninjler, and the Parishes, Precincts, and Limits pulled down and rebuilt, afortfaid, hall, by virtue of the said recited Aft of the eleventh Year of his Majesty King George in purfuancebf there, the First, and of this prefer.t Aft, be pulled down and rebuilt, agreeable to the Directions of this at*d. - .-,

vvunlai?, ' bya !e °rerj°r °ccup, ier of, one of the adjoining Houses, the Expense of such Party Sc

VV ail mall be estimated and computed at and alter the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings per Rod; t( 61. ids.]ptrrod - 7 anything in the said foimer Aft to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding' ' ■ - ' >

Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in all Cases where any an(j like manner thofr Party Wall shall be erected or built, agreeable to the Directions of this present Aft, in execution of built in pursuance of this any Contrast or Contrnfts entered into with the Builder or Workman before the first Day of July atone

thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the Expense of such Party Wall shall be estimated and computed at and after the Rate of six Pounds and ten Shillings per Rod; anything in such Contrast orcontrafts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV

C

l5‘

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. i763.

Back and Fore Fronts of all future Buildings to be of Stone, or good Brick, from the Breast Summer upwards,, as also the Party Walls.

Height of the Breast Summer.

A 61 6 Anns, C 31.

'iui ( V 1

In Cafefe of Fire, the Keepers of other large Engines are equally inti* tied with the Pari Hi Engines to the Rewards granted by Aft 6 Anna;, r. 31.

Public Aft; - -_ >

: • MOR .• I

For former Laws concerning Plantations, refer to 12 Car. 2. C 18. 15

Car, 2. C 7. 22

23 Car, 2. C 26. 7

8 K 3. C 21. 11 fk

3. r. 12. 3 4

5 io. 6 Ann. C 30

6 37. 8 C 13. 9

Ann, C 17 sf 27. 10

Ann. C 22 26. 4

Grtf. 1. C 11. 8 Geo, 1. C 12 & 15. 13 Geo, 1. C 5. 3 Geo. 2, C 12

28. 4 Gw. 2. C 15.

5 Geo, 2. 9. 6

Geo. CI 8 gc 'd. 2.

r. 19. la'gtwl 2. C 36, 15 g<w. 2. C 31 33.

24 Giro. 2, f. 51 6? 53. 29 G. 2. r. 5 f 35. And 30 Geo, 2. r, 9. Preamble,

From and after 29 Sept. 1764, the following Rates and Duties to take Place on the several Species of foreign Goods here enumerated, imported into any of his majetly's Plantations in America; *

XV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the further and better preventing the spreading of Fires, a]! Houles or other Buildings, which, from and after the Expiration ofi three calendar Months next after the patting of this Add, shall be erected or built within the said' City or Liberty of jvejiminjl'er, and the. Parishes, Precincts, and Limits aforesaid, shall'be built of Stone, or of good sound hard well burnt Bricks, and none other, bothr in the Fore Front, and back Front thereof, from the Breast Summer upwards (and likewise the party Walls thereof) and thatfuch Breast Summer, in all such Houses orother Buildings, shall not be higher than the Floor of the one Pair of Stairs. >. ■.; ... • i.

XVI ‘ And whereas, by an Add made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen ‘ Amu, a Reward of ten Shillings is to be paid to the Turncock belonging to any Water C vvork where Water shall be, found on, or first come into, the Main or Pipe where the first Plug ‘ shall he opened at any Fire; thirty Shillings to the first Engine Keeper, who brings in any Parirn ‘ Engine to help to extinguish any Eire; twenty Shillings to the Keeper of the second Parish En 1 gine, that shall be next brought to.a Fire; and to the third, ten Shillings; by the Churchwardens ‘ of the Parish where such Fire shall happen.; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority afoiefaid, That in all Cases where aiiy.of the said Rewards shall be claimed, by reason of any Fire happening within the said City of Weftmitifter, or within the Parishes, Precincts, Liberties, or Places aforesaid,, Rewards shall be paid and payable in the same manner to the Keeper of any other large Engine (though not a Parish Engine), who shall bring in such Engine in good Order and complete, to help to extinguish such Fire, in the same manner as if such Engine was a Parish Engine.,.

• XVII And it.is hereby further enacted, That this'act shall be deemed, and. taken to be a public

Add; and, shall be judicially, taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and all otherperfons whatsoever, .without specially. pleading; thc lame.. '

<■' ' '■ ' V ■

— .1., ... - CAP. XV

An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and Plantations in America; for continuing, ' amending, and making perpetual an act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his'late Majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An Act for the hotter securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majejlfs Sugar Colonies in America); for applying the! Produce of such Duties; and of the Duties to arise by virtue of the said Act, ' towards defraying the Expenses of defending,, proteding, and securing the said Colonies and Plantations; for explaining an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade), and for altering and disallowing several Drawbacks on Exports' from this Kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations, and improving and securing the Trade between the same and Great Britain...,.

• I. j f

‘ 'll? II ERE AS it is expedient that new Provisions and Regulations should be established for - «vy improving the Revenue of this Kingdom, and for extending and securing the Navigation ‘ "and Commerce between Great Britain and your majesty's Dominions in America, which, by the ‘ Peace, have been so happily enlarged: And whereas it is just and necessary, that a Revenue be ‘ raised, in your majesty's said Dominions in America, for defraying the Expenses of defending,

‘ protecting, and securing the same; We, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Com' 1 mons of Great Britain, in' Parliament assembled, being desirous to make some Provision, in this

* present Session of Parliament, towards raising the said Revenue in America, have resolved to give ‘ and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein after mentioned; and do most ‘ humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; ' And be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, for and upon all white or clayed Sugars of the Produce or Manufacture of any Colony or Plantation in America, not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors; for and upon Indico, and Coffee of foreign Produce or Manufacture; for and upon all Wines (except French Wine); for and upon all Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs, mixed with Silk orherba, of the Manufacture of Perjia, China, or eh/cindia, and all Callico painted, dyed, printed, or stained there; and for and upon all foreign Linen Cloth called ca/nbrick and French Lawns, which shall be imported or brought into any Colony or Plantation in America, which now is, or hereafter may be, under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefiors, the several Rates and Duties following; that isto say,

For

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii Ilf. C 15. 153

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of such foreign white or clayed Sugars, one Pound two On foreign white or Shillings, over and above all other Duties imposed by any former Act of Parliament. clad ^j?garsj l1' is

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such foreign Indico, sixpence. 6f jb

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of such foreign Coffee, which shall be imported from any coffee 3i.19s. 9d. per Place, except Great Britain, two Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence. C Wt.

For every Tonne of Wine of the Growth of the Madeira:, or of any other Island or Place from Madeira wines 71. per whence such Wine may be lawfully imported, and which shall be so imported from such Islands or tn.

Places, the Sum of seven Pounds.

For every Tonne of Portugal, Spanish, or any other Wine (except French Wine) imported from Portugal and Spamft

. t .1. C A cum 1 ' r r Wines 1 os. per Ion.

Great Britain, the bum of ten Shillings.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs, mixed with Silk or Wrought Silks, Bengals, Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or East India, imported from Great Britain, two and Stuffs, mixed with Shillings. or ‘*rba> asper

For every Piece of Callico painted, died, printed, or stained in Persia, China, or'ea/i India, itn cailicoes s. 6j. pa ported from Great Britain, two Shillings and sixpence. Piece.

For every Piece of foreign Linen Cloth, called Cambrick, imported from Great Britain, three cambricks s. per Piece. Shillings. J

For every Piece of French Lawn imported from Great Britain, three Shillings. French Lawns 3s. per

Piece.

And after those Rates for any greater orleffer Quantity of such Goods refpesively.

II And it is hereby further enased by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Duties on Coffee and pi twenty ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, there shall also be raised, mentoof the Growth of levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coffee and, : lle bntl(k colo.nies' Pimento of the Growth and Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America, which shall be Places, Excepte C

there laden on Board any British Ship or Vessel, to be carried out from thence to any other Place Great Britain, viz. whatsoever, except Great Britain, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say.

For every hundred Weight Avoirdupois of such British Coffee, seven Shillings. Coffee 7s. per C Wt.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of such British Pimento, one Halfpenny. Pimento 23, per lb.

And after those Rates for any greater or lesser Quantity of such Goods refpesively.

Ill ‘ And whereas an AS was made in thefixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George a ft 6 Geo. 3.0 rj.

‘ the Second, entitled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the "Trade of his Majesty's Sugar

6 Colonies in America, which was to continue in force for five Years, to be computed from the

‘ twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and to the End of the

‘ then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent ass made in the eleventh, the

‘ nineteenth, the twenty sixth, the twenty-ninth, and the thirty first Years of the Reign of his said

‘ late Majesty, was, from Time to Time, continued; and, by an AS made in the first Year of the

‘ Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the end of this present Session of Parlia

‘ ment and although the said AS hath been found in some degree useful, yet it is highly expedient

‘ that the same should be altered, enforced, and made more effesual; but, in consideratiou of the

‘ great Distance of several of the said Colonies and Plantations from this Kingdom, it will be proper

‘ further to continue the said AS for a short Space, before any Alterations and Amendments shall C

‘ take effcs, in order that all Persons concerned may have due and proper Notice thereof; ' Be it

therefore enased by the Authority aforesaid. That the said AS made in the sixth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging

the Trade of his Majefys Sugar Colonies in America, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued further continued to 30

until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four. •. Sept. 1764.

IV And be it further enased by the Authority aforesaid, That from the twenty-ninth Day of The said Act made per -

September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the said AS, fubjes to such Alterations and Petual> fubjetttothe Ai amendmentsas are herein after contained, shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual. Matrons made herein.

V And be it further enased by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu and instead of the Rate and Foreign Mdafiesand Sy

Duty imposed by the said AS upon Melaftes and Syrups, there shall, from and after the said twenty ™?vjnp01ltt: into the ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, be raised, levied, collesed, and "J"' t0 pajf

paid, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Gallon of Melaftes or Syrups, 3

being the Growth, produs, or manufasure, of any Colony or Plantation in America, not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which shall he imported or brought into any Colony or Plantation in America, which now is, or hereafter may bey under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, the Sum of threepence.

VI And it is hereby further enased by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Rates and Duties The Duties on tin enu hereby charged upon such foreign White or clayed Sugars, foreign Indico, foreign Coffee, Wines, merated Goods here wrought Silks, Bengals, and Stuffs, mixed with Silk or Herba, Callico, Cambricks, French Lawns, mentioned to be raffed and foreign Melaftes or Syrups, imported Into any British American Colony or Plantation, shall be^^g^kj "ereared raised, levied, collesed, and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and'

Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures (not otherwise altered by this AS) as are mentioned and expressed in the said AS of Parliament, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, with refpes to the raising, levying, collesing, and Payment of,

the Rates and Duties thereby granted; and that the aforesaid Duties hereby charged udou British Vol. IX X • Coffee

i5 +

C

*5

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

Those upon Coffee and Pitaento,

as by Aft

7.

•5 Car, 2.

Importer refuting to pay the Duties on Wines, Officer may seize the same.

to the befl Bidder,

and deduct the Duties and Charges.

If they shall not bring

Limited Length and Breadth of C allicoes,

and ofcambricks, and French Lawns.

Coffee and Pimento, exported from any British Colony or Plantation, shall he raised, levied, collected and paid, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned and reierred unto in an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An A CL for the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the betterfe cur mg the Plantation Trade, with respect to the raising, levying, colleding, and Payment, of the Rates and Duties thereby granted upon the several Goods therein particularly enumerated : And that all Powers, Penalties, rrovifsons, Articles and Clauses, in those Acts respectively contained and referred unto (except in such Cases where any Alteration is made by this Act) hall be observed, applied, practised and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting and answering the respective Rates and Duties granted by this Act, as fully and effectually, as if the same were particularly and at large re enacted in the Body of this preterit Ad, and applied to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed; and as fully and cffedually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same could have been at any Time put in execution, for the like pur poses, with respect to the Rates and Duties granted by the said former Acts,

VII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the Importer of airy Wines shall refuse to pay the Duties hereby imposed thereon, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector, or other proper Officer of the Customs where such Wines shall be imported, and he is hereby respectively required to take and secure the same, with the Casks or other Package

and publicity sell them thereof, and to cause the same to bepublickly sold, within the Space of twenty Days at the moil after such Refusal made, and at such Time and Place as such Officer shall, by four or more Days pub lick Notice, appoint for that Purpose;; Wine shall be sold to the best Bidder, and the Money arising by the Sale thereof shall be applied, in the first place, inpayment of the said Duties, together with the Charges that shall have been occaffoned by the said Sale; and the Overplus, if any, shall be paid to such Importer, or any other Person authorised to receive the same.

VIII Provided also, That if the Money offered for the Purchase of such Wine shall not be suffi sufficient t pay the Duty cjent t discharge the Duty and Charges aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Collector, or b" ftaved^ndfnun*16f° ot^er proper Officer, shall cause the vvine to be staved, spilled, or otherwise destroyed, and shall return

■ ' the Casks or other Package wherein the same was contained to such Importer.

IX And it is hereby declared and enacted, That every Piece of Callico intended to be charged with the Duty herein before mentioned, if of the Breadth of one Yard and a Quarter or under, shall, not exceed in Length ten Yards; and if above that Breadth, shall not exceed six Yards in Length; and that every Piece of Cambrick and French Lawn shall contain thirteen Else each, and shall pay Duty for the same in those Proportions for any greater or lefier Quantity, according to the Sum herein before charged upon each Piece of such Goods respectively.

Moneys arising: by the sex. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys whitffit'from

vera)duti« before grant ancj ayter ^ twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, shall arise by tj' ar 1‘ C the several Rates and Duties herein before granted; and also by the Duties which, from and after the

said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, shall be raised upon Sugars and Fancies, by virtue of the said Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late majesty King George the Second (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, recovering, answering, paying and accounting for the same), shall be paid into the Receipt of his majesty's Ex -,,,. and shall be entered separate and apart from ail other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty,

the Charges' of protealibis Heirs or successors; and shall be there reserved, to be, from Time to Time, disposed of byparlia ing the British Colonies ment, towards defraying the necessary Expenses of defending, protecting, and securing the Britifo in America. Colonics and Plantations in America.

Exporter of Wines from XI And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth this Kingdom to thebr1 jay of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, upon the Exportation of any Sort of .tin 0 oniesm amer.ca, yyine (except French Wines) from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America, as to tepaije. Drawback of Merchandise, the Exporter shall be paid, in lieu of all former Drawbacks, a Drawback or Allowance 1 ^ jutes pajj Upon the Importation of such Wine, except the Sum of three Pounds ten Shillings

per Tonne, Part of the additional Duty of four Pounds person, granted by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this Kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry, and for raising the Sum of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities - and Lotteries, to be charged on the said Duties), and also except such Part of the Duties paid upon Wines imported by Strangers or Aliens, or in Foreign Ships, as exceeds what would have been payable upon such Wines, if the same had been imported by British Su'ojeds and in British) Ships; any Law, Custom or utage to the contrary notwithstanding; which Drawback or Allowance shall be made in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, in all Respects, as any former Drawback or Allowance, payable out of the Duties of Customs upon the Exportation of such Wine, was, could, or might be made, before the passing of this Act.

XII Provided always, and ir is hereby further enacted. That upon the Entry of any such Wine for Exportation to any British Colony or Plantation in America, and before any Debenture shall be made out for allowing the Drawback thereon, the Exporter shall give Bond, with sufficient Security, to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, to be approved of by the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, in treble the Amount of the Drawback payable far the due'exportation for the Goods, that the same, and every Part thereof, shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies so. an mgo C •jir, e ftxceptgd) be really and truly exported to and landed in some British) Colony or Plantation in America,

to be paid into the Exchequer; and to be re

the Duties on Importa tion j except 3 1. 10 s. per Tonne, granted by an ‘aft of the last Section;;

also the Aliens puty:

He first giving Bond and Security

Anno quarto Georgii III

e. 15-.

55:

and that the same shall not be exported, or carried to any other Place or Country whatsoever, nor

relanded in any Part cf Create Britain, Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or

Man, or either of them : And such Bonds shall not be delivered up nor discharged, until a Certifi conditioned to.produce a

cate shall] be produced, under the Hands and Seals of the Collebtor or other principal Officer of the Certified: thereof from

Customs at the Port or Place where such Goods fnal! be landed, testifying the Landing thereof: And ?be p™per Ofricer, with.,.

the Condition cf such Bond hall be, to produce such certificate.in eighteen Months from the Date ln 10 ontls

of the bonds (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted).

XIII And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first jjroparj: of the 0!c!slll Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Part of the Rate or Duty, commonly

called The Old Subjidy, shall be repaid or drawn back for any Foreign Goods of the Growth, Pro us afifreftid 5 sexp dubtion or Manufacture of Europe, or the eq/l Indies, which shall be exported from this Kingdom to any British Colony or Plantation in America (Wines, White Calicoes, and Mullins only excepted); ex "Pt for wines, Whiis: any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Cali coes and Mullins:

XIV And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth And upon the Exporta day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, upon the Exportation of any Sort of tlc" of )Vb, te Caihtces White Calicoes or Mullins, except as herein after is mentioned, from this Kingdom to any British m0iewoahe^ldsub colony on Plantation in America, besides the one Half of the Rate or Duty commonly called The Old fidy,

Subjidy, which now remains, and is not drawn back for the same, there also shall not be repaid or

drawn back the further Sum of four Pounds fifteen Shillings for every hundred Pounds of the true

and real Value of such Goods, according to the gross Price at which they were sold at the Sale of nor the third Part of

the United Company of Merchants trading to the Eqft Indies, being the third Part of the net Duties tl, e Dct Duties thereon,.

granted thereon respectively by two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the eleventh and K, ntc, J br

twelfth Year of the Reign of King wuliatn the Third, entitled, An Act for laying further Duties upon Aft n & 12 Will. 3.

Wrought Silks, Mujlins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies, and for enlarging the Time for

purchasing certain reverftonary Annuities therein mentioned; and the other made in the third and fourth

Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, entitled. An All for continuing Duties upon Low Wines, and upon and 3 *4 Ann. X 4..

Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars and petty Chaptnen, and p2ld>

Mujlins; and for granting neiu Duties upon several of the aid Commodities, and also upon Calicoes, china ware and Drugs; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding...

Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That until the first nex'on^tionof such

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, upon the Exportation from this Kingdom, white ejiiicoestnd muf to any British Colony or Plantation in America, of such White Calicoes or Muffins only.as were lins as were sold on or sold on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, at the before 25 March preccd

Sale of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, such and the same Drawbacks ‘" g' 7 the )ndla Houle,

shall be allowed as are now payable upon the Exportation of the said Goods. zt J

now payable.

XVI And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant or other Per where Goods entered

son flail, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, enter for Exportation to Parts any Goods for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, other than to the said British Colonies or Planta beyond the Seas, in or tions in America, in order to obtain any Drawback not allowed by this Abt upon the Exportation of der toobtarn joiawback such Goods to rhe said British Colonies or Plantations, and the said Goods shall nevertheless be carried ih^vb^carried^to any Brito any British Colony or Plantation in America, and landed there, contrary to the true Intent and tiih Plantation in Ame meaning hereof; that then, and in such Case, the Drawback shall be forfeited, and the Exporter of rim, such Drawback such Goods, and the Mailer of the Ship or Vessel on board which the same were loaden and exported, be forfeited, and shall forfeit double the Amount of the Drawback paid or to be paid for the same, and also treble the d biethcamountthere

tt 1 <•, 1 r * 1 r 1 V j of : wkji treble the

Value of the said Goods. value of the Goods.

Addition to the Oath upon Debentures, for such Goods as shall be entered for Exportation to other Places beyond the Seas, than to the British American Plantations.

XVII And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any Goods, not allowed to draw back any Part of the Old Subsidy ^ any other Duty by this Abt, shall be entered for Exportation from this Kingdom to any other Place beyond the Seas, except to foire British Colony or Plantation in America, in every Case where the Exporter is required, by any Law now in force, to swear that such Goods are not landed or intended to be landed in Great Britain, Ireland, or the isle of Man, there shall also be added to, and included in, the Oath upon the Debenture for such Goods, "any British Colonies or "Plantations in America."

XVIII And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Septetnber one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Rum or Spirits of the Produce or Manufabture cf any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, not in the Possession or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or succefl'ors, shall be imported or brought into any of the Colonies or Plantations in America which now are, or hereafter may be, in the Possession or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon Forfeiture of all such Rum or Spirits, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, with the Tackle, Apparel and Furniture thereof; to be seized by any Officer or Officers of his majesty's Customs, and prosecuted in such Manner and Form as herein after is expressed; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary not with landing.

XIX And it is hereby further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, nothing in the before recited Abt made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

X 2

or

Foreign Rum cr Spirits imported into any of the British Plantations in America,

liable to be forfeited, together with v'e/tcl,

No Sugars maybe imported into Ireland, bet such as shall be hipped.. Great Britain, and

C

T5‘

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

carried direflly from thence,

or any other Act of Parliament, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give Liberty to any per son orpcrfons whatsoever to import into the Kingdom of Ireland any Sort of Sugars, but such only as shall be fairly and bona side loaden and lhipped in Great Britain, and carried directly from thence in Ships navigated according to Law.

XX And, for the better preventing Frauds in the Importation of Foreign Sugars and Pancles, Rum and Spirits, molattes and Syrups, into any of his majesty's Dominions, under Pretence that the same are the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations, it is fur txporter of Rum, Spi there enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one rits, Paneles, Molaffesor thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every Person or Persons loading on board any Ship or Vessel, Colonics b America', 'as 'n any f t^lc British Colonies or Plantations in America, any Rum or Spirits, Sugars or Paneles, Moot ihe Growth thereof, lafies or Syrups, as of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation, shall, before the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel, produce and deliver to the Colledtor or other to produce and deliver to principal Officer of the Customs at the Loading Port, an Affidavit signed and sworn to before some clem'intc'a'*a tod "of ju^*ce te Peace in the said British Colonies or Plantations, either by the Grower, Maker or the Quafity of the Goods, Shipper of such Goods, or his or their known Agent or Factor, expressing, in Words at Length and and Denomination of not in Figures, the Quality of the Goods so lhipped, with the Number and Denomination of the the Packages, C Packages, and deferibing the Name or Names of the Plantation or Plantations, and the Name of th Coloity where the same grew or were produced and manufactured; which Affidavit shall be attested, under the Hand of the said Justice of the Peace, to have been sworn to in his Presence;; is here ofhcer to grant the Ma by required to do the same without Fee or Reward : And the Collector or other principal Officer of to of the Vefi'd acer the Customs to whom such Affidavit shall be delivered, shall thereupon grant to the; Mafler, or other titoitc thereof; Person having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel, a Certificate under his Hand and Seal of Office

(without See or Reward] of his having received such Affidavit pursuant to the Directions of this Act; which Certificate shall express the Quality of the Goods hipped on board such Ship or Vessel, with anj to transmit a Copy the Number and Denomination of the Packages: And such Collector or other principal Officer of of such Affidavit to.the the Customs shall also (without See or Reward) within thirty Days after the Sailing of the Ship ^ Secretary Office or t ie vessel, transmit an exact Copy of the said Affidavit to the secretary's Office for the respective 0 on), on m j 5 • q0j0ny or plantation where the Goods were lhipped, on Forfeiture of five Pounds.

On Arrival of theveffel XXL And it is further enabled, 1 hat upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel into the Port of her a; the Port of Dilcfiarge, Discharge, either in Great Britain or any other Port of his majesty's Dominions, where such Goods theceruffitate^to^ thecr 111 ay lawfully imported, the Mailer or other Person taking the Charge of the Ship or Vessel shall,

proper officer, and make at the Time he makes his Report of his Cargo, deliver the said Certificate to the Collector or other oath of the identity of principal Officer of the Customs, and make Oath before him, that the Goods so reported are the same the Goods, on Penalty that are mentioned in the said Certificate, on Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds; and if any Rum or Spirits, Sugars or Paneles, molaftes or Syrups, shall be imported or found on board any such Ship or vessel, for which no such Certificate shall be produced, or which shall not agree therewith, the same shall be deemed and taken to be Foreign Rum and Spirits, Sugar and Paneles, molaftes and Syrups, and shall be liable to the same Duties, Reflridlions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, in all Refpebts, as Rum, Spirits, Sugar, Paneles, molaftes and Syrups of the Growth, or Manufacture, of any Foreign Colony or Plantation, would respectively be liable to by

of ICO 1.

and Goods found on board not certified for, care to pay Foreign Duties,

Where any such Goods,

Produce Law. XXII

Clause in Aft 12 Car. 2. C 18,

Provided always, That if any Rum or Spirits, Sugar or Paneles, molaftes or Syrups, tificate* shall bebn'ort" be imported into Great Britain from any British Colony or Plantation in America., without being ed without intendm»a" included in such Certificate as is herein before directed, and it shall be made to appear to the Satis fraud, they may be ad faction of the Commissioners. of his majesty's Customs at London or Edinburgh respectively, that the mined to Entry, paying Goods are really and truly the Produce of such British Plantation .or Colony, and that no Fraud was the ufualduties. intended, it shall and may in such Case be lawful for the said respective Commissioners to permit the said Goods to be entered, upon Payment of the like Duties as such Goods would be liable to if this Law had not been made.

‘ XXIII And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and several subsequent Acts of Parliament which are now rn force, it is, Smongfl other 1 hings, directed, * that for every Ship or vessel that shall load any Commodities, in those Acts particularly enume ‘ rated, at any Britif Plantation, being the Growth, Product or Manufacture thereof, Bonds shall ‘ be given with one Surety, to the Value of one thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of less Burden ‘ than one hundred Tonnes, and of the Sum of two thousand Pounds, if the Ship be of greater Burr ‘ then, that the same Commodities shall be brought by such Ship or vessel to some other British C Plantation, or to some Port in Great Britain, notwithstanding which, there is great Reason to ap 4 prehend such Goods are frequently carried to Foreign Parts, and landed there : And whereas great ‘ Quantities of Foreign molaftes and Syrups are clandestinely run on shore in the British Colonies, ‘ to the Prejudice of the Revenue, and the great Detriment of the Trade of this Kingdom, and its ‘ American Plantations : ' To remedy which Practises for the future, Be it further enacted by the Au bond and Security to be thority aforesaid, That from and after the twentytninth Day of September one thousand seven hun piven pursuant to the dred and sixty four, Bond and Security, in the like Penalty, shall also be given to the Colledtor or other principal Officer of the Customs at any Port or Place in any of the British American Colonies or Plantations, with one Surety besides the Master of every Ship or Vessel that shall lade or take on board there any Goods not particularly enumerated in the said Acts, being the Product or Manufacture of any of the said Colonies or Plantations, with Condition, that, in case any molaftes or Syrups,

being

3

recited Aft,

in case of lading any rmimeraled Goods, that

A. D.

1763.

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 15.

*57

foeing the produce of any of the Plantations not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or anyforeign Moiaffesand Succcffors, shall be laden on board such Ship or Vessel, the same shall (the Danger of the Seas and sjrups> on bo:, rd Enemies excepted) be brought, without Fraud or wilful Diminution, by the fuid Ship or Vessel to fl, II be brought to same some of his majesty's Colonies or Plantations in Americq, or to some Port in Great Britain, and that of the British Plantations the Master or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall, immediately upon his Arrival at every Port or Place in Great Britain, or in the British American Colonies and Plantations, fcn'i's'to be made at the make a just and true Report of all the Goods laden on board such Ship or Vessel under their true and |>nrt of Arrival, proper Denominations; and if any such non enumerated Goods shall be laden on board any such Ship non emimera* Cords or Vessel before such Bond shall be given, the Goods so laden, together with the Ship or Vessel and laden on bozrd without her Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Customs, and pro Eond given, are forfeited, fecuted in the Manner herein after directed. with the Vessel.

XXIV And it is hereby further enacted hythe Authority aforesaid, That every Master or Person Mafler, before sailing having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel shall, before he departs from any British Colony or Planta from the Port of Lading, tion where he receives his Lading, take a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Collector or 'h a"v hff'' 1 ven other principal Officer of the Customs there (which Certificate such Officers are hereby required to gon(l‘! avl"b b'ven grant without Fee or Reward) that Bond hath been given, pursuant to the Directions of this or any

other Aft of Parli .ment, as the Case shall require; and the Master or Person having the Charge of which, upon complete. such Ship or Vessel, shall keep such Certificate in his Custody till the Voyage is completed, and shall ills Voyage, he jsw then deliver the same up to thccolleftor or other chief Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place difoharge, on Penalty where he shall discharge his Lading, either in Great Britain or any British American Colony or Planta of too tion, oj; Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds for each and every Offence.

XXV And it is hereby further enacted, That if any British Ship or Vessel laden, as aforesaid, briti/h Vessels with any

with any Goods of the Produce or Manufacture of any briti/h Colony or Plantation in America, or Britishi American Goods, having on board any Molaiies or Syrups the Produce of any Foreign Colony or Plantation, shall be r Fore, P: .1 Molasses or discovered by any Officer of his majesty's Customs within two Leagues of the Shore of any British American"

Colony or Plantation in America, and the Master or Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall Coasts, not producing a not produce a Certificate that Bond has been given, pursuant to the Directions of this or any other Certificate as required Act of Parliament, as the Case may require; or if he shall not produce such Certificate to the Coly f, a'v; or not pr lector or other chief Officer of the Customs where he shall arrive, either in Great Britain or any Bri l"cl." sone; 't1thm

ti/h American Colony or Plantation, such Ship or Vessel, with her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, forfeited, *1* 13 e 0 e and all the Goods therein laden, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein after is directed.

XXVI And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bond directed Bond for nnn enunie

to be given by this Act, with respect to such non enumerated Goods, shall continue in force for one fe vfir'ave" Year from and after the Completion of the Voyage; and in case no Fraud shall appear within that he yoy, ?e; when, if Time, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his majesty's Customs, or any four or more of no Fraud" appear, it is them, to direst the said Bond to be delivered up. to be given up.

XXVII And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that‘from and after the Coffee, and other enu twenty ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, all Coffee, Pimento, Co unrated Coeds of the coanuts, Whale Fins, Raw Silk, Hides and Skins, Pot and Pearl Allies, of the Growth, Production at™ebw^

or Manufacture of any Brhifn Colony or Plantation in America, shall be imported directly from under'l'ike Securities and

thence into this Kingdom, or some other British Colony or Plantation, under the like Securities, Pe penalties,

nalties and Forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned in two Acts of Parliament made in the twelfth

and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the former entitled, An Adifor the as In Act: s n &

encouraging and increajing of Shipping and Navigation, and the latter entitled, An Act for the Encourage 25

ment of the Greenland ana Eajiland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade, or either of

them, with respect to the Goods in those Acts particularly enumerated; any Law, Custom orufage

to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Bond and Security i0 be twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Iron, nor any Sort of ipven before lading any Wood, commonly called Lumber, as specified in an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of p", "i (h a mer i can" P la tiling George the Pirft, entitled, An Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval unions,

Stores, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall be there leaden on board any Ship or Vessel to be carried from thence, until sufficient Bond shall be given,, with one Surety besides the Master of the Vessel, to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Loading Port, in a Penalty of double the Value of the Goods, with Condition, that the said Goods shall not be landed in any conditioned to land the Part of Europe except Great Britain; which Bonds shall be discharged in the Manner hereafter men" " eth'°pe> in tioned; that is to say. For such of the said Goods as shall be entered for or landed in Great Britain, .^/uce^cenifiwe0 the Condition of the Bonds shall be, to bring a Certificate in discharge thereof within eighteen Months (hereof within ig from the Date of the Bond; and within six Months for such of the said Goods as shall be entered for Months; and if for any or landed in any of the Britijl) Colonies or Plantations in America; which respective Certificates shall of the British American be under the Hands and Seals of the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs resident at j/"t'ons' wlt, Hn 6

the Port or Place where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the Landing thereof; and for such of

Months j

the said Goods as shall be entered for or landcd^at any other Place in America, Africa or ajia5 to bring arjd lf.for any ot^er. the like Certificate within twelve Months, under the Common Seal of the chief Magistrate, or under CL a fit ^iihin Aj the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants residing there; or such Bond or Bonds shall be Months. '

discharged.

C 15.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

Where the Goods pcrifli, discharged, in either of the said Cases, by Proof upon Oath made by credible Persons, that the said or are taken, the i3omi Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas.

is discharged, XXIX And, for the better preventing Frauds in the Importation or Exportation of Goods that

are liable to the Payment of Duties, or are prohibited, in the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame no Goods to be shipped rjca; It is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of

the Goods Cocket is produced, may be seized.

without a Sufferance or Warrant first: had and obtained from the Collector or other proper Officer of thecustoms at the Port or Place where fitch Goods shall be intended to be put on board; and the nd taking out a proper Mailer of every such Ship or Vessel shall, before the lame be removed or carried out from the Port or Cocket; Place where he takes in his Lading, take out a Cocket or Cockets expressing the Quantity and Quality

of the Goods, and Marks of the Package, so laden, with the Merchants Names by whom shipped

and to whom consigned;; if they are Goods that are liable to the Payment of any Duty, either

upon the Importation into, or upon the Exportation from, the said Colonies or Plantations, the said Cocket or Cockets shall likewise diftinduy lpecify that the Duties have been paid for the same, referring to the Times or Dates of Entry and Payment of such Duties, and by whom they were paid; which is to be produced which Cocket or Cockets shall be produced by the Matter of such Ship or Vessel, to the Collector or the porcofdiichargc; other principal Officer of thecustoms at the Port or Place where such Ship orvefiel shall arrive in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, before any Part of the Goods are unladen or on Forfeiture of the put on shore: And if any Goods or Merchandizes shall be shipped as aforesaid without such Suf goods. ferance, or the Vessel shall depart and proceed on her Voyage without such Cocket or Cockets, or

Goods also to be forfeit the Goods shall be landed or put on shore before such Cocket or Cockets are produced at the Port or ed if they do not agree Place of Discharge, or if the Goods do not agree in all Respects therewith, the Goods, in any or

with thecccket. either of those Cases, shall be forfeited and loll; and arty Officer of his majesty's Customs is hereby

yeflel discovered near the empowered to flop any such Ship or Vessel, bound as aforesaid, which shall be discovered within two fcoaft may be fiopt; and Leagues of the Shore of any of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, and to seize and for which no from t: lcnce a]] the Goods which shall be found on board such Ship orvefiel for which no such Cocket or Cockets shall be produced to him.

‘ XXX And whereas British Vessels arriving from Foreign Parts at several of the Out Ports of C this Kingdom, fully or in part laden abroad with Goods that are pretended to be destined to some ‘ Foreign Plantation, do frequently take on board some small Parcels of Goods in this Kingdom,

‘ which are entered outwards for some Britisho Colony or Plantation, and a Cocket and Clearance ‘ thereupon granted for such Goods, under Cover of which the whole Cargoes of such Vessels. are ‘ clandestinely landed in the British American Dominions, contrary to several Acts of Parliament now ‘ in force, to the great Prejudice of the Trade and Revenue of this Kingdom For Remedy whereof. No vettcl to be cleared Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thou out for any of the Bri fljnd seven hundred and sixty four, no Ship or Vessel shall, upon arty Pretence whatsoever, be cleared nh colon .esin America, outvvards from any Port of this Kingdom, for any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory or be hipped III diis King Blace to his Majesty belonging, or which shall hereafter belong unto or be in the Possession or under tom ■ ' Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in America, unless the whole and entire Cargo

of such Ship or Vessel shall be bona side, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in this Kingdom; nd vyheic ar.yeuropean and any Officer of his majesty's Culloms is hereby empowered to flop any British Ship opveffel arriving from any Part of Eu? open, which iliall be discovered within two Leagues of the Shore of any of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, and to seize and take from thence, as forfeited, any Goods (except as herein after mentioned), for which the Mailer or other Person taking the Charge of such, Ship or Vessel shall not produce a Cocket or Clearance from the Colledlor or proper Officer of his majesty's Customs, certifying that the said Goods were laden on board the said Ship orvefiel in some Port of Great Britain.

XXXI Provided always. That this Act shall not extend, nor be construed to extend, to forfeit, for want of such Cocket or Clearance, any Salt laden in Europe for the Fisheries in Neiu england, Newfoundland, Penfylvania, Neva York, and Nova Scotia, or any other Place to which Salt is or shall be allowed by Law to be carried; Wines laden in the Madeiras, of the Growth thereof; and Wines of the Growth of the jvcjhrn Islands, ox Azores, and laden there; nor any Horses, Victuals, or Linen Cloth, of and from Ireland, which may be laden on board such Ships or Vessels.

XXXII And it i. hereby further enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit, rafe, alter, or fallify, any Affidavit, Certificate, Sufferance, Cocket, or Clearance, required or directed

)tige. any Affidavit r b„ or knowingly or willingly make use of any Affidavit, Certificate, Sufferance,

eru tac, 5.3. C (jocjcctj or Clearance, so counterfeited, rased, altered or faliified, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; and such Affidavit, Certificate, Sufferance, Cocket, or Clearance, shall be invalid and of no efietsl.

‘ XXXIII And whereas by an A of Parliament, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, Ayi Act for indemnifying Persons vaho have been guilty'of Offences against the Laws made for securing the Revenue of Customs and Exctfe, and for enforcing those Laws for the future, and by other Acts of Parliament since made, which are now in Force, in order to prevent the clandestine Landing of Goods in this Kingdom from Vessels which hover upon the Coafrs thereof, several Goods and Vessels, in those Laws particularly mentioned and described, are declared to be forfeited, if such Vessels are found at Anchor, or hovering within two Leagues of the

4 ‘ Shore

Vessel is discovered near such Coasts, the Coods for which no such Cocket is produced, may be seized: :

Madeira Wines, C Horses, Provisions, 01 Linens from Ireland, excepted.

Penalty on counterfeiter

aufes in Ail 9 Geo. 2 * 35-

*59

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 15.

‘ Shore of this Kingdom, without being compelled thereto by Necessity or Distress of Weather; which

* Laws have been found very beneficial to the public Revenue : And whereas, if some Provision of

* that Sort was extended to his majesty's American Dominions, it may be a Means of preventing an ‘ illicit Trade therewith, and tend to enforce an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King iz Car. z, C is. ana ‘ Charles the Second, entitled, An Act for the encouraging aid increajing of Shipping and Navigation.,

‘ and another Aft made in the seventh and eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, inti 7 & 8 Will. 3. C zz.

‘ tuled, An A CL for preventing Frauds, and regulating A'oufes in the Plantation Trade, so far as those Laws "do prohibit any Goods or Commodities to be imported into or exported out of any British Colony or ‘ Plantation in America, in any foreign Ship or Veiled; ' To which End therefore. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, one thousand seven Fore'en Vessels found at hundred and sixty four, if any foreign Ship or Vessel whatsoever shall be found at Anchor, or ho ^/coaft/of tntof the vering within two Leagues of the Shore of any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Brltilh American Domi place, which shall or may be in the Possession or under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Ideirs or Dions,

Succefiors, in America, and shall not depart from the Coast, and proceed upon her Voyage to some and not departing, unless foreign Port or Place, within forty-eight Flours after the Master or other Person taking the Charge diftrefied, witi.in 48 of fuel) Ship or Vessel shall be required foto do by any Officer of his majesty's Customs, unless jn Hours after Notice, case of unavoidable Necessity and Distress of Weather, such Ship or Veiled, with all the Good.; therein laden, shall be forfeited and lost, whether Bulk shall have been broken or not; and shall and arc able to be forfeited, may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of his majesty's Customs, in such Manner and Form as t0=etl]er vvitl‘the Gocds> herein after is expressed.

XXXIV Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed ro extend,

to any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of the French King, which shall be found except Frfnch fishing, and not carrying on any illicit Trade, on that Part of the Island of Newfoundland which oft nc''‘juild"

stretches from the Place called Cape Bonavijla to the Northern Point of the Laid Island, and from

thence running down to the Western Side, reaches as far as the Place called Point Rich.

XXXV And, in order to prevent any illicit Trade or Commerce between his Majesty's Subjects in America and the Subjects of the Crown of France in the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, it is

hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day ofbrirfli vef&ls found Septanber one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any British Ship or Vessel shall be found ftandms r cs

„ r... r ■, r f r Trij 1 1 ■ 1 » 1... out from the Ides or St.

handing into, or coming out from, either or those islands, or hovering or at Anchor within two pierl.e and Miquelon, or Leagues of the Coasts thereof, or shall be discovered to have taken any Goods or Merchandizes on hovering, con the board at either of them, or to have been there for that Purpose; such Ship or Vessel, and all thecoafts,

Goods so taken on board there, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prose r wltb goods.on board cuted by any Officer of his majesty's Customs;; the Master or other Person having the Charge are" 0rfeitcd' together of such Ship or Vessel, and every Person concerned in taking any such Goods on board, shall forfeit with the Goods'; treble the Value thereof. and the Master, C for

XXXVI And, to prevent the concealing any Goods in false Packages, or private Places; on‘eitsalp°trebie Val "e

board any Ship or Vessel arriving at any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, with intent to their being clandestinely landed there, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Concealed Goods found from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand fever, hundred and sixty four, allon Board, after Report Goods which ftiall he found concealed in any Place whatsoever on board any such Ship or Vessel, atma<le there, la<lcr> any Time after the Master thereof shall have made his Report to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, and which shall not be comprised or mentioned in the said Report, shall beatld not compnfed in his forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any Officer of the Customs; andreport' are forfeited; the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel (in case it can he and the Master, being made appear, that he was any wise consenting or privy to such Fraud or Concealment) shall for feit ri^v'al'j01'*

treble the Value of the Goods so found.

XXXVII And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any Goods or mer ifcuffomedgoods bee'' chandizes whatsoever, liable to the Payment of Duties in any British Colony or Plantation in America !fd1enfon

by this or any other Act of Parliament, shall be loaden on board any Ship or Vessel outward bound, arc paid re C ' "'e

or shall be unshipped or landed from any Ship or Vessel inward bound, before the respective Duties

due thereon are paid, agreeable to Law; or if any prohibited Goods whatsoever shall be imported ?r probibfted Goods be

into, or exported out of, any of the said Colonies or Plantations, contrary to the true Intent and

Meaning of this or any other Act of Parliament; every Person who shall be assisting, or otherwise; //■<;,

concerned, cither in the loading outwards, or in the unihipping or landing inwards, such Goods, ormcrica,

to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come after the loading or unlhipping thereof, shall, for

each and every Offence forfeit treble the Value of such Goods, to be estimated and computed ac lhe Persons concerned

cording to the best Price that each respective Commodity bears at the Place where such Offence was yj/1" forleit tieb!e the

committed; and all the Boats, Horses, Cattle, and other Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the " / '

loading, landing, removing. Carriage, or Conveyance, of any of the aforesaid Goods, shall also be nd' ca/e'5'

forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted, by any Officer of his majesty's employed!

Customs, as herein after mentioned.

XXXVIII And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Officer receiving any twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any Officer of his Mac jesty's Customs shall, directly or indirectly, take or receive any Bribe, Recompense, or Reward, in

any Kind whatsoever;; connive at any false Entry, or make any colluiive Seizure or Agreement; conniving at a false or do any other Aft or Deed whatsoever by which his Majesty, his Heirs or succdl'ors, shall or may Ent, 75. e.

'be mal4111§ a col*u "w Sel

Anno quarto gf.orgii III

A. D. 1763.

forfeits 500 1. and is di fa bled :

And Persons giving, or promising, any Bribe, e. to such Officer, in order to betray his Trull;

forfeit 50 J.

Clause in Aft 7 Sc S W. 3, C 22,

zure; or guilty of other be defrauded in his or their Duties, or whereby any Goods prohibited shall be suffered to pass either Fraud in ins Office; inwards.or outwards, or whereby the Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this or any other at of Parliament relating to his majesty's Customs in America may be evaded; every such Officer thereirt offending shall, for each and every Offence, forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any Office or Employment Civil or military : And if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give, offer, or promtfe to give, any Bribe, Recompense, or Reward, to any Officer of the Customs, to do, conceal, or connive at, any Act, whereby any of the Proviftons made by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to his majesty's Customs' in America may be evaded or broken, every such Person or Persons shall, for each and every such Offence (whether the same Offer, Proposal, or Promise, be accepted or performed, or not) forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

‘ XXXIX And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh and eighth Year of the ‘ Reign of King tvilliam the Third, entitled. An art for preventing Frauds, and regulating abuj'es, ‘ in the Plantation Trade, all Governors or Commanders in Chief of anv of his majesty's Colonies or ‘ Plantations, are required to take a solemn Oath, to do their utmost that all the Clauses, Matters, ‘ and Things, contained in that Ad!, and several other Acts of Parliament therein referred to, re

‘ lating to the Paid Colonies and Plantations, be pundtually and bona side observed, according to the

‘ true Intent and Meaning thereof: And whereas diverse other good Laws have been since made, ‘ for the better regulating and securing the Plantation tradebe it further enacted by the Autho govemors, oj comman rity aforesaid. That all the prefertt Governors or Commanders in Chief of any briti/h Colony or

...- rr ‘r u Plantation shall, before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty

fbur, and all who hereafter shall be made Governors or Commanders in Chief of the said Colonies or Plantations, or any of them, before their Entrance into their Government, shall take a solemn Oath, to do their utmost that all the Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in any Act of Parliament heretofore made, and nowin Force, relating to the said Colonies and Plantations, and that all and every the Clauses contained in this present Act be pundtually and bona side observed, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, so far as appertains unto the said Governors or Commanders in Chief respectively, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, either for neglecting to take the said Oath, or for wittingly neglecting to do their Duty accordingly, as are mentioned and expressed in the said recited Act made in the seventh and eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third; and the said Oath, hereby required to be taken, shall be administered by such Person or Persons as hath or have been, or shall be, appointed to administer the Oath required to be taken by the said Act made in the seventh and eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third.

XL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures herein before mentioned, which shall be incurred in Great Britain, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at jvefiminfer, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively;; (all necessary Charges for the Recovery thereof being first de dudted) shall be divided and applied, one Moiety to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcflbrs, and the other Moiety to the Seizor or Profeeutor.

XL And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, all Sums of Money granted and imposed by this Act, and by an Act made in the the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An Ael for the Encourageinent of the Greenland and Eajlland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade, as Rates or Duties; and also all Sums of Money imposed as Penalties or. Forfeitures, by this or any other Act of Parliament relating to the Customs which shall be paid, in L e tol'be™eemed^stci, Ca burred, or recovered, in any of the briti/h Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be Sterling Money of Great Britain, and shall be collected, recovered and paid, to the Amount of the Value which l'ueh nominal Sums hear in Great Britain; and that such Moneys shall and may be received and taken according to the Proportion and Value of five Shillings and sixpence the Ounce in Silver; and that all the Forfeitures and Penalties inflicted by this or any other Actor Acts of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said briti/h Colonies or ''ntm"rktmi°1be1reres phntations 'n America, which shall be incurred there, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and c'overtd nd comitof recovered, in any Court of Record, or in any Court of Admiralty, in the said Colonics or Planta record there, tations where such Offence shall be committed, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty which may or

or Court of Vice aumi shall be appointed over all America (which Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty are hereby refpec

tivcly authorised and required to proceed, 'hear, and determine the same) at the Elcdtion of the

Informer or Profeeutor.

to belaid61 pr°dl, Ce NLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures so recovered there,

under this or any former Act of Parliament, Shall be divided, paid, and applied, as follows; that is

One Third to the king,"to say. After dedudting the Charges of Prosecution from the Gross Produce thereof, one third Part of the Net Produce shall be paid into the Hands of the Colledtor of his majesty's Customs at the One third to tb Cover p°rt or ace where such Penalties or Forfei ures shall he recovered, for the Use of his Majesty, his nor andone third to "Heirs and Successors;; third Part to the Governor or Commander in chief of the said Colony 01 the frofecutor. Plantation; and the other third Part to the Person who shall seize, inform, and sue for the same;

But Seizures made at Sea excepting fitch Seizures as shall be made at Sea by the Commanders or Officers of his majesty's Ships by the king's Ships are or Veflsls of War duly authorised to make Seizures; one Moiety of which Seizures, and of the Pe one°moietv to the Kins. rmties and Forfeitures recovered thereon, first dedudting the charo.es of Prosecution from the gross and the other to the pro'produce thereof, Shall be paid as aforesaid to the Colledtor of his majesty's Customs, to and for the fecutor; U fe

tiers in Chief of the British Colonies, a*.e to take an Oath for the due Execution of their Duty in this and ail other aos relating to the said Colonies, C

under the Penalties in the recited Aft of 7 & S W. 7. C 22.

Penalties and Forfeitures incurred in Great Britain where to be recovered.

and how to be divided and applied.

The Money granted by this Act, and Aft 25 Car. 2. C 7. as Rates or Duties j

and the Penalties and Forfeitures relating to

)mg Money of Great Britain,

at the Rale of 5 s. 6 d. per Ounce in Silver.

A. D. 2763. Anno quarto Georgi^ III C 15. 161

Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall seize,

inform, and sue for the same; any Law, Custom, orufage, to the contrary notwithstanding; fub

jet nevertheless to such Distribution of the Produce of the Seizures so made at Sea, as well with re nevertheless to

.guard to the Moiety herein before granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as with regard to ft £1 Order of 'S

the other Moiety given to the Seizor or Prosecutor, as his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, hall council, or procuma

think fit to order and direct by any Order or Orders of Council, or by any Proclamation or Procla tion, shall make.

mations, to be made for that Purpose.

XLIII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Where the Seizure ft ill Produce of any Seizure made in America hall not be sufficient to answer the Expenses of Condem th®e*pcnce

nation and Sale; or if, upon the Trial of any Seizure of any Ship or Goods, a Verdict or Sentence sale, 0" emna '0n an hall be given for the Claimant, in either of those Cases the Charges attending the seizing and prose or a verditsl be given cuting such Ship or Goods hall and may, with the Consent and Approbation of any four of the for the Claimant, Commissioners of his majesty's Customs, be paid out of any Branch of the Revenue of Customs arising in any of the British Colonics or Plantations in America; anything in this or any other Act ^monm, 0 may bede" of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. frayed out of the Cut

toms in America.

XLIV And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Paid twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Person shall be admitted to enter a Claim to any Ship or Goods seized in pursuance of this or any other Act of Parliament, and prosecuted in any of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, until sufficient secu ritybe first given, by Persons of known Ability, in the Court where such Seizure ns prosecuted, in the Penalty of sixty Pounds, to answer the Costs and Charges of Prosecution;; in default of jiving such Security, such Ship or Goods hall be adjudged to be forfeited, and hall be condemned.

XLV And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, if any Ship or Goods shall be seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, and any Dispute hall arise whether the Customs and Duties for such Goods have been paid, or the same have been lawfully imported or exported, or concerning the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of such Goods, or the Place from whence such Goods were brought, then, and in such Cases, the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Ship or Goods, and not upon the Officer who shall seize or flop the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, in case any Information hall be commenced and brought to Trial in Atncrica, on account of any Seizure of any Ship or Goods as forfeited by this or any other AI of Parliament relating to his majesty's Customs, wherein a verdici or Sentence hall be given for the Claimer thereof; and it shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause of Seizure, the Judge or Court before whom the same hall be tried shall certify on the Record or other Proceedings, that there was a probable Cause for the Prosecutors seizing the said Ship or Goods; and, in such Case, the Defendant shall not be entitled to any Costs of Suit whatsoever; nor shall the Persons who seized the said Ship or Goods be liable to any Action, or other Suit or Prosecution, on account of such Seizure: And in case any Adftion, or other Suit or Prosecution, hall be commenced and brought to Trial against any Person or Persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such Ship or Goods, where no Information shall be commenced or brought to Trial to condemn the same, and a Verdict or Sentence shall be given upon such Adfion or Prosecution against the Defendant or Defendants, if the Court or Judge before whom such Action or Prosecution, shall certify in like manner as aforesaid that there was a probable Cause for such Seizure, then the Plaintiff, besides his Ship or Goods so seized, or the Value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence Damages, nor to any Costs of Suit; nor shall the Defendant in such Prosecution be fined above one Shilling.

no Coils: and the Defendant be fined not more

No Claim to be admitted, till Security to answer Coils be given, to the Amount of 601. and.

in default. Ship and Goods to be condemned.

Where Ship or Goods are seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, the Owner is to prove the Matter in Dispute.

In Trials upon Information, in America,

where a probable Cause

of Seizure appears, the Judge shall certify the same on the Record; and the Defendant shall have no Coils, nor Action $

in Suits, where no Information shall be commenced and brought to Trial,

and the Court shall certify there was a p robablc Cause of Seizure, the Plaintiff shall have but ad. Damages, and than i s.

XLVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, either in Great Britain or America, against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this or any other at of Parliament relating; to his majesty's Customs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the said Acts, and General Hue, the Special Matter, in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of such A; and if it shall appear foto have been done, the Jury, shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff', the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other Cases by Law. Treble Coat,

Vol. IX

y

C 16.

A. D. 1763

Preamble, reciting Piaule in act 7 An, 7. i.

Infants seized of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

jnay, by Order of the Court,

upon Petition, or Motion nude.

make Conveyances of such Eliates;

which shall he deemed good in Law,

Infants being only trustees, or Mortgagee?, inay be compelled by such Order, to make ich Conveyances and ahuranees accordingly.

Anno quarto Georgii III

CAP. XVI

An Act to enable Infants who are seized of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,, within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or‘the Principality of Wales, in Fee, or for the life or Lives of one or more other Person or Persons, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates by Order of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Durham, and of the Courts of the Great sections in the Principality of Wales,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late 4 VV Majesty Queen Anne, entitled,An Act to enable Infants who are seized or fojftefjed of Estates. 4 in Fee, in Drafts or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates, Persons under the Age 4 of one and twenty Years, having Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, only in Truf?

for others, or by way of Mortgage, are enabled and compellable, by the Direction and Order of 4 the High Court of Chancery, or the Court of Exchequer, to convey and allure such Lands, Tene 4 merits, or Hereditaments, in such manner as the said Court of Chancery, or the Court of Exchequer, 4 shall, by such Order in pursuance of the said Act, direst: And whereas the Benefit intended by 4 the said Act will be manifestly extended, by giving to, and vesting in, the proper respective Courts 4 of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the Courts in the several Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster,

4 and Durham, and the Courts of the Great Scfiions in Wales, such and the like Power, juris 4 diction, and Authority, respecting Infants who are or shall be seized of Lands, Tenements, or 4 Hereditaments, within the said Duchy of Lancaster, and the several Counties Palatine of Chester 4 Lancaster, and Durham, and the Principality of tvales respectively, in Fee, or for the Life or 4 Lives of one or more other Person or Persons, as by the said act is given to, and veiled in, the 4 High Court of Chancery, and the Court of Exchequer I Be it therefore enacted by the king's mofi: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons under the Age of one and twenty Years, having such Estate or Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Duchy of Lancaster, or the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, or in the Principality of Wales, by the Direction of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, of the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Court of Chancery of' the County Palatine of Durham, and of the several Courts of the Great Sessions in jdales respectively, signified by an Order made upon hearing all Parties concerned on the Petition or Motion of the Person or Persons for whom such Infant or Infants shall be so seized as aforesaid.. Trust, or of' the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, or Guardian or Guardians, of such Infant or Infants, or Persons in titled to the Moneys secured by or upon any such Lands, Tenements,, or Hereditaments, whereof any Infant or Infants are or shall be seized, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, or of the Person or Persons entitled to the Redemption thereof, to"convey and allure any such .Lands,. Tenements, or. Hereditaments, in such manner as the said several Courts of the said Duchy, Counties Palatine, and great hellion in Wales, wherein such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall lie, by such order foto be obtained, direst, to any other Person or Persons;; fueh. Conveyance or aflu r.mce foto be had and made as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in Law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said Infant or .Infants was or were at the Time of making such con veyance or Assurance of the full Age of one and twenty Years; any Lav, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.. -

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Infant or Infants, being only Trustee or Trustees, Mortgagee or Mortgagees, as aforesaid, shall and may be compelledlhy such Order as aforesaid to be obtained, to make such Conveyance or Conveyances,. Assurance or Assurances, as aforesaid, in like manner as Trustees or Mortgagees of. full Age are. compellable to convey or assign their Trust Estates o r Mortgages.

Anno quarto Georgii III

CAP. XVII

An Acct to explain and amend an Act, pasted in the second Year of the Reign of his «

present Majesty, entitled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one ael of Par j jjy jf; f C $• the several Laws now in being, relating to the raijing and training the Militia s5 kl I,, fig. j. r. s. within that Part of Great Britain called England. 2 3!

I Geo. 1. flat. 2. f. 14. 9 go. 1. C 8. 30 Gw. 2. C 35. 31 Geo. 3. r. 26, 32 Geo. z.c. 20. 33 Gw. 2. C 2, 22 if 24. <2^ 2 Gw. 3. C 20.

‘ WHEREAS the Laws now in force, for the raising and training the Militia, within that Pl mbie ‘ W Part of Great Britain called England, are in 'Tome Respects defective: : whereas fre 4 qhent Delays, and many Difficulties have occurred in the Execution of the Acts now in force 4 for raising and training the Militia, from the Manner in which the whole Execution of the Acts 4 is made to depend in all Counties, Ridings, and Places, where the Militia has been or shall be ‘ raised, upon holding a General Meeting, on either the last Tuesday in Otlobcr, or the la ft Puefday 4 in May, in each Year; and Doubts have arisen, whether, in such Case, any fubfequept General ‘ Meetings can now be called for the Purposes of the said Acts, unless there shall have been a pre ‘ vious general Meeting on one of the Days before specified May it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful for his J" 9?lmtics w, ierc the majesty's Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place, where the Militia has been or shall be teraftej, gcneralmtet raised, together with any two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in ingsmfy befjmmor d the Absence of his majesty's Lieutenant, any three or more Deputy Lieutenants, whenever and as in the ftine manner as often as they shall find necessary, to summon, or cause to be summoned, a general Meeting, ac !n Coumies "here the cording to'the Directions of the Ad passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, avelhe'"

for summoning general Meetings in Counties where the Militia has not been raised;; general rhyme powers Meetings Meetings herein directed, shall have the same Powers as if such general Meetings' had been held on held on the lad Tueftay the I aft Tuesday in May, or on the last Tuesday in October, in each Year, in pursuance of the said inmjy.ot the last tuef day in october.

II And whereas the raising the Militia has, in some Counties, been delayed by the Vacancy of 4 Lord Lieutenants in particular Counties, and it is essential to the Good of the Service, and the C Establishment of a Militia, which, to be effectual, should be general, that such local Difficulties 4 should he removed for the future; ' Be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted, That in every In every County, C County, Riding, and Place, where the Office of Lord Lieutenant is, or shall be vacant, it flvall and 'v.bere the office of Eord may be lawful for his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, to appoint three Persons out of the Deputy poffi"three

Lieutenants of any such County, Riding, or Place, to execute the Office of Lord Lieutenant of Deputy lieu tenants, to such County, Riding, or Place, so far as the same relates to the executing the several Powers and execute that Office, so Authorities veiled in Lieutenants, in and by the several Acts of Parliament for the raising and train as relates to the _afls ing the Militia, during such Vacancy. fhetjv?tli'tnaa"d trainln-s

‘ III and whereas many Inconveniences have arisen in the Service, from the want of some De' '

* feriptionof the Men who shall be accepted as Volunteers, offered by Parishes as Parochial Subftr

‘ flutes, orof Men tendered to serve as Substitutes by Persons chosen by ballotbe it enacted, That No Volunteer or subfti no such Volunteer or Substitute shall be admitted and sworn to serve in the Militia who shall not be tute to be admitted anil five Feet four Inches in Height, and able and fit for Service.. sworn whoa.il! not be

CIV And whereas it is become necessary to prevent thcmilitiamen of one County from inrolling ft j e l0" nu''

‘ themselves in the Militia of another; ' Be it therefore enacted. That if any Person, alter being enrolled in the Militia of one County, Riding, or Place, shall, during such Service, engage and be A Perfonbeing invollcd

enrolled to serve in the Militia of any other County, Riding, or Place, he shall, upon Conviction toftrveinthemilitiaof

thereof before any one Justice of the Peace of the County in which he shall last enter into the said and be in

Militia, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds; and in case such Person i0ijec] f seen in the

shall not immediately pay such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace shall, by Warrant under his Hand Militia of, mothercoun

and Seal, commit such Person to the common Gaol of the County, Riding, or Place, where he py, forfeits iol. if not

shall have been so convicted, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding

three Months, or unless he shall sooner pay the Penalty aforesaid. no: exceeding three * *

4 V And whereas the Provisions in the said Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of his Months, present Majesty, for reimbursing Officers of Parishes the Moneys by them expended for the Refief

* of Militia Men, who on their March, or at the Place where they shall be called out to annual Ex 4 ercife, shall, by Sicknefsor otherwise, want such Relief, have been found insufficient for the Pur

4 poses thereby intended Be it therefore enacted. That in case any Man fervlng in the Militia lhali, ft, 1 ln. °" on the March, or at the Place where he shall be called out to annual Exercise, he disabled by exc'ofr ^ii'iblcd by Sickness or otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace of the County, sickness or'otherwise. to Riding, or Place, or any Mayor or chief Magistrate of any City, Town, or Place, where such be relieved byhe Offi man lhali then he, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order him such Relief as he shall think cers of the Panffi where reasonable;; the Officers of the Parish, Tything, or Place, where such Militia Man shall be so ^fl^otvce s^^bereim1" relieved, shall, upon producing an Account of the Expenses occasioned thereby, allowed under the buried thee peme5 oc hand of a Justice of the Peace, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Place, for which such cjrroned thereby, out of

Y 2 * Militia the County Sioclt,. upon

C 17.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

producing Accounts thrreof allowed by a Justice of the i'cacc.

piration of the Time of annual f.xercife, shall incur the same Penalty as Militia Men not join 5ng their Corps.

A Captain or command 3ng Off porals :

they arc dismissed from annual Exercise,

A Drummer negligent in

Militia Man shall ftrve, shall be rcimbtirfed such Expenses by thetreafurer of such County, out of the County Stock, and such Treasurer shall, upon producing such Account allowed as aforesaid, be allowed the same in his Accounts.

‘ VI And whereas, as the Laws for regulating the Militia now (land, no Power is given of pu ‘ willing such Militia Men as shall, after having joined their Corps, desert during the Time of an ‘ nual Exercise, and not be taken till after the Expiration of the Time of such annual Ex ‘ crcife, and consequently of the Period now fixed for the Continuance of martial Law; ' Be it havin'3 ^ofncd' they t^ere^orc ena&ete ( hat if any Militia Man shall so offend, and not be apprehended during the Corp (ha defertj du Time of such annual Exercise, every such Militia Man, being thereof convicted upon Oath, before ing the Time of annual one Justice of the Peace of any County where such Militia Man shall be apprehended, shall incur

Xxercife, and (hail not the Penalty, and he subject to the Punishment, inflicted by the said Act of the second Year of his

be taken nil after the f.x present Majesty upon Militia Men not joining their Corps.

‘ VII And whereas it would be very conducive to the Preservation of Order and Discipline, du ‘ ring the Time of annual Exercise, of great Convenience to the Corporals and Private Militia Men ‘ in the supplying them with necdtaries, and of essential Utility to their respective Families, if the ‘ Captains or commanding Officers were enabled to (lop a limited Parc of the daily Pay of such Cor ‘ porals and Private Men when called out to annual Exercise; ' Be it therefore enabled, That it shall mg Officer mny put_cor anc may be lawful for every Captain or commanding Officer of the Militia, to put the Corporals and under stoppages, not ex Private Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding sixpence a Day, for the pur ceeding 6d. a Day. and poses aforesaid: : always, 7'hat every Captain and commanding Officer shall account with mall account with them each Corporal and Private Militia Man for the said Stoppages, before such Corpora! or Private Man tovfuch Stoppiigcs before f]mil be difmificd from the said annual Exercise, having first deducted what shall have been laid out for them for Necessaries and Repair of Arms damaged by their Neglect.

‘ VIII And whereas no Powers are granted by the said Act, passed in the second Year of the ‘ Reign of his present Majesty, for punishing Drummers for Misbehaviour during the Time the ‘ Militia to which they belong is not called out to annual Exercise (except by their being dilplaced by their Captain) which Defect in the Law has been found inconvenient to the Service of the Militia Be it therefore enacted, That if any Drummer shall be negligent in his his Duty, or disobedient Duty, or disobedient to the Orders of the Adjutant, or other his superior Officers, and be thereof to the Orders of the Ad convicted upon the Oath of the Adjutant, or other superior Officer, or other credible Witness, be "ofleer, °to°fcrfeit not*0r orc one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County in the Militia of which such drum cxreedi'ng or. if not mer serves, such Ehummer shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, at the dif iirmediately paid, the cretion of such Justice or Juftiees; and if such Drummer shall not immediately pay such Penalty, it Captain of the Company shall and may be lawful for the Captain, or commanding Officer of the Company of Militia to Drumm'c^ ° the' Drummer shall belong, and he is hereby required to flop the Pay of such Drummer,

penaftyt'penalty to be unt'l the same shall amount to the Sum of Money ascertained by such Justice or Justices, as the ■ applied as Part of the Penalty infiifted upon such Drummer; and the said Captain, or commanding Officer, shall pay the common Stock of the same to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion, to be applied and accounted for as Part of the Regiment or Battalion, common Stock of such Regiment or Battalion; and the Receipt of the Clerk for such Sum shall be a Discharge to the Captain or commanding Officer for the same; and the Money so paid, shall be deemed as so much Money paid to such Drummer for his Service in the Militia.

‘ IX And whereas by the said Act, passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

‘ it is enacted, That in all Counties and Places where the Militia has not, or shall not be railed,

‘ by virtue of the several Acts made forraifing the Militia Forces, that the Sum of five Pounds shall ‘ be annually paid for and in lieu of every Private Man therein directed to be raised within each re ‘ foeftive County, Riding, and Place; which said Sum and Sums of five Pounds per Man, the ‘ Justices of the Peace of each respective County, Riding, and Place, assembled at their General or ‘ Quarter Sessions, are directed to rate and assess on the County; and that the said Sum and Sums ‘ shall be rated and assessed in such and the same manner, and according to such and the famepropor ‘ tions, upon every Town, Parish, and Place, within each respective County or Riding, and shall ‘ be collected, received, levied, paid, and accounted for, by the Persons making such Collection,

‘ in such manner, and by such means, as the County Rates have been usually, or may, by an Act ‘ made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, entitled, An AR for the more easy

‘ ajj'ejfmg, collering, and levying of County Rates, be afieffed, collected, received, levied, paid, and

‘ accounted for : And whereas there are several Cities, Towns, and Places, in many Counties and ‘ Ridings, which do not contribute to the Payment of the said Rate, called the County Rate, by ‘ reason whereof Doubts have arisen, whether such Cities, Towns, and Places can be legally rated ‘ or afieffed towards the Payment of the said Sum and Sums of five Pounds per Man, in pursuance ‘ of the Directions of the said Act of the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty: :

‘ whereas it is just and reasonable, that all such Cities, Towns, and Places, (hold bear an equal Share and Proportion of the said Payment of five Pounds per Man with each County or Riding 4 within which such Cities, Towns, and Places, may happen to liebe it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Militia has not been raised, or shall not at any Time hereafter be raised, for any County or Riding, within which any City, Town, or Place, shall not be rated to the said Rate

called the County Rate, the Payment of the said Sum of five Pounds per Man, upon the whole Num

cucv.cutkyk.ati.,, e ... i\r__j j c'____...__r> - — .... -

3 Geo. 3. C 20,

12 Get. 2. C 25.

Where the Militia shall not be raised for any County within which any City shall not be rated to

the Payment of 5i. per ber of Private Militia Men directed to be raised within every County or Riding, shall be divided and Man shall be apportioned apportioned between each respective County or Riding, and each such respective City, Town, and between such County Place within the same, as shall not contribute to the said Rate, - called the County Rate, in such pro ami City as the respective portion

3

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 18.

165

portion as the refpeddive Quotas paid to the Land Tax by each respective County or Riding, and by Quotas paid to the Land each such refpeddive City, Town, and Place, bear to each other, and the respective Sum and Sums Tax bear to each other; so ascertained and apportioned shall be rated, levied, and paid out of the Rates for the Relief of the and the Sutns so appor* Poor, to be collected within each such respective City, Town, and Place, not rated to the said Rate, "^e^oors^rate coy called the County Rate, by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Regulations for levy ieaed such city by" ing, collecting, and keeping the same diftindd, as are prescribed in the said Act passed in the second the Churchwardens and Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for each tvfpcdlive County or Riding; and the Church Omfeers of the Poor, wardens and Overseers of the Poor of each such respective City, Town, and Place, hall, from cum Tfto b^b "Vim Time to Time, pay over the same to the Treasurer or Treasurers of every County or Riding within pam^theveceiver gc which any such City, Town, and Place as aforesaid lies, in order that the Lid Treasurer or Trea neral, together with the sitters may pay over the same to the receiver-general of the said County or Riding, together with Proportion of the said the Proportion of the said Sum of five Pounds per Man, directed to be rated, levied, anil paid, by Sumof 5]. to be paid by each County or Riding, by the said Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his prefentluc 1 Coun'y‘

Majesty.

X And be it further enacted, That in such Cities, Towns, and Places, as are Counties of them ^{i^vetfn^ch cities as selves, and yet have no such Rate or afteltment as is called the County Rate, nor any Powers or Di are Counties of them redlions for rating, levying, or collecting the Proportion of the said Sum of five rounds per Man, febes, to be raised by the County to which the said Cities, Towns, or Places are, by the said Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, united for the Purposes of the said Act, the Directions herein before given for rating, levying, and colledling the Proportion of the said Sum of five Sounds per Man, within such Cities, Towns, and Places, as do not contribute to the County Rate, shall be pursued and followed in all such Cities, Towns, or Places, as are Counties of themselves.

‘ XI And whereas, in some Parts of this Kingdom there are Towns which lie in two Counties,

4 and Doubts have arisen, whether such Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties the Sum of five.

* Pounds in lieu of every private Militiaman which shall not be raised by such Counties; ' Be it two countietriley arft® therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Town lies in two Counties, it hall be contribute their Quota, lawful for the said Town to contribute their Quota, for and in lieu of raffing the Militia, for that in lieu of railing the Mi county only where the Church of the said Town is situate; and the Deficiencies of the other countyiltla\ fo5 County in

Rate, which the said Town would have paid, shall be made up by the County in general, and not by evn g,.;

the Division or Hundred where the said Town is situated. encies of the other Couni

CAP. XVIII

ty Rates, are to be made up by the County in General,

An a<51 for charging on the Sinking Fund certain Annuities granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, •, for carrying the Duties therein mentioned, to the said Fund; and also for consolidating such of the said Annuities as are granted fora certain Term of Years, irredeemable, with other Annuities granted by an Act passed in the second Year of his present majesty's Reign.

4 TI T HEREAS, in pursuance of an a£t_of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign ofpi=umbk, recitmg ciau 4 VV his present Majesty, entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty, upon{es u»a»igeo. jr. 7. 4 Strong Beer and Ale; and for raising the Sum of tzvelve millions, by way of Annuities and a Lottery, to * be charged on the said Duty; and for further encouraging the Exportation of Strong Beer and Ale; several 4 Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, have advanced and lent the Sum of twelve millions upon

4 the Credit of the several Duties upon Strong Beer and Ale by the said Act granted, for the Pur

‘ chase of Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum 4 per Annum, upon the said Sum of twelve millions; and also of an Annuity after the Rate of one 4 round two Shillings and sixpence, per Annum, for every hundred Pounds of the Sum of eleven 4 millions four hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum of twelve millions so subscribed

‘ as aforesaid, for a certain Term of ninety-nine Years, to be computed from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty one: And whereas in pursuance of an Act 4 of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An 2 ceo, 3. t, 10;

4 Ad for raising by Annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the Sum of twelve mill''ons to be 4 charged on the Sinking Fund; and for applying the Surplus of certain Duties on Spirituous LI 4 quors, and also the Moneys arifingfrom Duties on spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of this Session of 4 Parliament \ several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, have advanced and lent the Sum of 4 twelve millions upon the Credit of the Surplus of the several Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted 4 by two Acts of Parliament of the twenty-fourth and thirty third Years of the Reign of his late 4 Majesty .ing George the Second, and on the Credit of the several Duties on Spirituous Liquors,

4 granted by an Add of the second Year of his present Majesty, forthepurchafe of Annuities trans 4 ferrable at the Bank of England, at the Rates following; that is to say. For every Sum of eighty 4 Pounds by them advanced towards the Sum of nine millions six hundred thousand Pounds,

4 Part of the said twelve millions, to be entitled to one hundred Pounds Capital, being an Interest 4 of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, during the Term of nineteen Years; and after the Expira 4 tion thereof, to an Annuity of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on every hundred Pounds of ‘ such Capital, redeemable by Parliament; and for every twenty Pounds of the Sum of two millions

1-66 C 18. Anno quarto Georgii Ilf. A. D. 1763,

four hundred thousand Pounds, Remainder of the said tvvelwe millions, to an Annuity of one C Pound per Annum, fora certain Term of ninety-eight Years, to be computed from the fifth Day C Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two: And whereas it is thought necessary C that the said Annuities granted for the Term of ninety-nine Years from the fifth of January one £ thousand (even hundred and sixty one, by the said Add of the first Year of the Reign of his present C Majesty, and transferrable at the Bank of England, should be, with the Consent of the Proprietors C thereof added to, and made a Joint Stock with, the said Annuities granted by the said at of the C second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Term of ninety-eight Years, from the C fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, also transferrable at the Bank of ‘ England, and that the Charges and Expenses of the said Annuities granted in the first Year of the C Reign 6f his present Majesty, be charged upon and paid out of the Sinking Fund, in the same and ‘ like manner as those of the said Annuities granted in the second Year of the Reign of his present ‘ Majesty are paid and payable : And whereas it is thought neccftary that the said Principal Sum of 4 twelve millions borrowed on the Credit of the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of his present * together with the Charges and Expemces attending the same, should be, with the Con ""of the Proprietors thereof to be signified within the d ime herein after mentioned, charged upon, ‘ and paid out of, the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, and that the several Duties upon ‘ Strong Beer and Ale, which by the said Act were made a Fund for the Payment of the said three ‘ Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities, ftiould be carried to and made Part of the said Fund; ‘ May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may been acted; ' And be it enacted by the king's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the The long Annuities same, That from and after the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the granted i>y the recited ftfij Annuities granted by the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Content o/ihe' Proprie ^'errn f ninety-nine Years, from the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty tors, td be aided to, and one, filial] be, with the Consent of the several Proprietors, added to, and made a joint Stock withj made a Joint stockwith, the Annuities which were, granted by the said Act of the second Year of the Reign of his those granted by Aft a present Majesty, for the Term of ninety-eight Years, from the fifth Day of January one thou c. 3. and to be char j'an(j fcvcn hundred and sixty two, transferrable at the Bank of England, and that the Charges and of the°siuking j?und°ui: Expenses thereof be charged upon, and paid out of, the Fund comonly called The Sinking Fund, in the same and like manner as those of the said Annuities granted forninety eight Years, in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, are paid and payable; anything in the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to the contray thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The Principal Sum of II And he it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth Day of ja i2, ooo, oooi._ borrowed tiuary one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, the said principal Sum of twelve millions borrowed eeo *10 ^.vkh'the char on te Credit f the find at of the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, carrying an in ges a'ttendtng, toe char terest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, togther with the Charges and Expenses ged with Consent of the attending the same, Shall be, with the Consent of the Proprietors, charged upon, and paid out of, Proprietors, on the sin the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, until Redemption thereof by Parliament; anything king Fund, and paid jn the fa; d at made in the first Year of his present majesty's Reign to the contrary thereof in any

thereout, till redeemed. wise n0twithstanding.. '

Annuitants not entering III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Proprietors of the said an their Diflcnt on or be nuities for ninety-nine Years, and alfp such Proprietors of the said Annuities on the capital Sum of the*chared their w? twelve millions redeemable by Parliament, granted by the said at of the first Year of the Reign of tpeftive Annuities on his present Majesty, who filial) not on orbefore the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred the sinking Fund, dee and sixty four, signify their Diflent to the charging their respective Annuities on the Sinking roed to afloat thereto. Fund in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to afient thereto; anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The Moneys anting by IV Auid be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which have arisen the Duties, made a Fund since fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, or that shall or may hereafter

annukira^and1 Principal are f the several Duties upon Strong Beer and Ale, which were made a Fund for the Payment of 1 three Pounds per Centum per Annum, in manner abovementioned, on twelve millions; and also of the said Annuities for ninety-nine Years, by virtue of the said Acts made in the first Year of the Reign .of his present Majesty (which Sum of twelve millions was granted towards the Supply of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty one) shall be carried to, and made Part of, the to be earned to the Sin. Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be Part of the accardin"ly ^ ^ led'same Sinking Fund; and shall be issued and applied to such Uses and Purposes as the several exceftes, Surplufles, or Overplus Moneys composing the Sinking Fund, are or may be issued and applied; anything in the said af of the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 2

Anno quarto Georgii III C 19, 20. 167

CAP. XIX

For former Prcvijibxs com

An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec in America, for aff, |

limited Time.

IK. 3, C 22. I Ann. Jl. I. C 21. 2 fif 3 f. 14. 4 I, (. 4. & 16. 11 Gcc, 1. C 30. 3 G, 2. c.20. 5 <?«. a.

C 12. 5 A?; 7. C 29. 6 C 12. 9 anne. 23. 12 Ann. ft. 2. 2

:. 6. 7 gec.z. C 6. S Gee. C 12. 14gee. 2. r. 22. 26 G. 2. r. 3 £? 32

3. C 31. 9 10 At

3. C 6 6f 44. 10 £? 11 5 G. 1. f, is 8 Gcc.

WHEREAS the Rivers, Bays, and Coasts, of the Colony, of Quebec, in America, and the Preamble, 4 W Seas adjoining, are cornmodioully situated for carrying on a very advantageous Fishery, to

4 the great Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Colony, and to the extending the Commerce, and 4 increasing the Riches of these Kingdoms : And whereas it would be of great Advantage to the said ‘ Fishery, if his majesty's Subjedds were permitted to import Salt into the said Colony directly from

* foreign Parts, in like manner as is allowed with refpeel to the Fisheries of New England, Nova '

4 Seotia, and Newfoundland, by several Laws now in being : May it please your most Excellent Ma

4 jelly, that it may be enabled And be it enabled by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of die same, That from aud after the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his. majesty's Subjedds to carry and import Salt from any Part of Europe into the said Province of quebec in America, in British Ships and Vessels manned and navigated according to the Add of Parliament made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,, entitled, Ah Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and in the same manner as Salt may be imported from Europe into New England and Netvfoundland by an Act made in the fifteenth.year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, entitled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade; any Law, Statute,

Usage, or Cuftora, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Add shall continue and be in force from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June for the Term of one Year, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of. Parliament..

From and after Jrme" 1764, Salt may be imported fn British Vessels. manned and navigated according to Aft 12 Car. Z' 18. from any Port of Europe into the Province of Quebec $ in like Manner as into New England, Sic. by virtue of Aft 15 Car. 2, C 7;

Act to be in force for one Year from 24 June 1764.

CAP. XX

An act for vesting the Sort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

Dominions, Territories, Continents, Coasts, Ports, Bays, Rivers, and Places, within the LI 2 *^0 -- mitsof the said Act described, were veiled in the Company by the said Add established, and called 4 The Company of Merchants trading t africa, and their Successors, to the Intent and Purpose, that 4 the said Forts, Settlements, and Premises, should be employed at all Times thereafter, only for the 4 Protection, Encouragement, and Defence, of the said Trade: And whereas the Sort of Senegal 4 and its Dependencies were, by the late Treaty of Peace, ceded to Great Britain, and arc now fub 4 jedl thereto : And whereas it would be of Advantage to Great Britain, and to the Trade to Africa,.

4 if the said Fort and its Dependencies were also veiled in the said Company: May ir therefore 4 please your Majesty that it may be enadded And be it enabled by the king's mould Excellent Majesty.. and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons:, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the The. fbrtsenegal,. passing of this Add, the Sort of Senegal, and its Dependencies, shall be, and the same,, and every Part thereof, are hereby declared to be, veiled in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, to company. e 1 be employed at all Times hereafter for the Protection, Encouragement, and Defence of the African Trade, in the same manner, and under the same Regulations, and fubjedd.to the same Rules, Orders,

dirc&ions, Governments, Limitations, Restrictions, Powers, and Authorities, as the other Sorts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are now veiled in the said Company, and subject to, - by virtue of the said recited Add, in as full, ample, and effectual manner, as the same could or.would have teen,, if the said Fort and Dependencies had been mentioned in the said Add, or all the Clauses, Pro — idfoes, Authorities, Powers, Direddions, Limitations, Reftribtions, Matters, and Things, contained, ill the said recited Add, were herein again repeated and enadded..

4 II And whereas by the said recited Aft, the Committee for the Time being having the Direction cteufe ir, the recited Aft' *-and'management of.the Affairs of the said Company, .are empowered, out of the Moneys they 4' shall receive, to dedudl annually a Sum not exceeding eight hundred Pounds, for paying Salaries,

4* house rent, and other Charges, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Act; which Sum will.

4 nowbe inadequate to the Expenses of the said Committee, and the Intention of the said Add; ' Beitthere The Committee having sore further enadded by. the Authority aforesaid, That the said Committee ftiall dedudl annually out thediredlion and mj of the Moneys they, shall receive, a further Sum notiexceeding four hundred Pounds, for the Pur nagement of the afkiirs pose oft paying the Salaries of their Clerks and Agents: at Londony Bristol and Liverpoole, the Houle of tie 9i>rnjp.a, njk lrn‘ rent of. their Office Ja London, .and. all 1 Chargcsaof Management .Coniapiffion, or Agency, in. England, £°" 'rc •

and

auail)', a further Sum f'

i68

C 21.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

400i. forsalancr, house and as a further Compensation for their Trouble and Attendance in the said Office as commit rent, C tee men.

Public Aft, III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken

to be a public Act, and shall be taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXL

An act for taking and swearing Affidavits to be made use of in any of the Courts of the County Palatine of Durham.

Preamble

FIE REAS it hath been found very inconvenient, that no Person or Persons is or are impowered to grant Commifiions for the taking and swearing of Affidavits to be read and ‘ made use of in the Court of Chancery of and for the County Palatine of Durham, and in the ‘ Court of Scffion of Pleas held in and for the said County Palatine of Durham, before his majesty's ‘ Jufticesas well of Pleas of the Crown as of Common Pleas, and all manner of Pleas whatsoever ‘ within the said County Palatine of Durham, in the several Matters and Causes depending in the ‘ said Courts respectively; ' For Remedy whereof, Be it enabled by the king's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in The Chancellor, ana this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Chancellor of the Justices of the Court of County Palatine of Durham for the Time being, the Justices of the Court of Pleas in and for the Fkas, rnpowered to fa; d County Palatine for the Time being, or any two of them in their Session of Pleas, shall oom perto'ns'intake ant mav» by one or more Commilfion or Commilfions under the several Seals of the said respective and fwcar Affidavits in Courts of Chancery and Court of Pleas in and for the said County Palatine of Durham, from Time Causes dependingintheir to Time, as Need hall require, empower what and as many Persons as shall be thought fit and northeast iciccftive Courts. ceflary, to take and swear all and every such Affidavit and Affidavits as any Person or Persons shall be willing and deftrous to make before any of the Persons so empowered, in or concerning any Cause, Matter, or Thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or any wise concerning any of the Proceedings to be in either of the said Courts of Chancery, or Court of Pleas, in and for the said County Palatine of Durham, as Masters in Chancery in Extraordinary do use to do; which said Affidavits, The Affidavits to he filed taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the several and respective Offices of the said Court of Chancery, m the proper courts, and and the Court of Pleas, in and for the said County Palatine of Durham; and the same shall and may read m Evidence, j, C rcaj ancj maje use of jn the respective Courts, to all Intents and Purposes, as other Affidavits taken in the said Courts now are: And that all and every Affidavit and Affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be of the same Force as Affidavits taken in the said respective Courts now are : And all pcn ilty of forfwcarir.g. and every Person and Persons forswearing him, her, or themselves, in such Affidavit or Affidavits, shall incur and be liable unto the same Penalties, as if such Affidavit or Affidavits had been made and Cursitor to make out the taken in open Court: Which said several Commissions shall be made out by the Cursitor of the Commifiions, upon a laid County Palatine of Durham, upon a Fiat or Warrant from the said Chancellor of the said Fiat fi-om the Chancel County Palatine of Durham, for taking Affidavits in the said Court of Chancery; and upon a Fiat or Warrant from any two of the Justices of the Pleas, in their Session of Pleas, in and for the said County Palatine of Durham, for taking Affidavits in the said Court of Pleas: And the said Cursitor shall cause an Entry to be made, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, of the Names of the Persons to whom such Commissions are from Time to Time granted, and the respective Times when issued: His Fees for each Com And the following Fees shall be paid for each Commilfion, and no more (to wit) The Sum of two million. Shillings for the Fiat or Warrant; the Sum of four Shillings for making out the said Commilfion,

beftdes the king's Duty, and Value of the Parchment; and the Sum of four Shillings for sealing the Commissioners Fees for same : And every Commissioner or Person so empowered shall take and receive, for the swearing of swearing Affidavits. every Affidavit before him in the said Court of Chancery of Durham, the Sum or See of two Shillings, and no more; and for the swearing of every Affidavit before him in the said Court of Pleas, in and for the said County Palatine of Durham, the Sum or See of 011c Shilling, and no more, officers of the respective II Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That such Officers of the said respective Courts of Courts empowered to Chancery, and Court of Pleas, in the said County Palatine of Durham, as have heretofore taken or toiorefffidavlts as ierc" sworn Affidavits, shall and may continue foto do, in the same manner as if this Act had not been made.

Jor$ and Fiat from two Justices of the Pleas j and make an Entry thereof:

A. D. 1763.

Anno quarto Georgii III.

C 22.

169

CAP. XXII

An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his majesty's Subjects.

[Preamble]

WHEREAS diverse Acts of Parliament have been made for the Encouragement of his Majesty's Subjects to carry on and improve the Whale Fishery, which, by the Bounties given ( by the said Adds, did, till checked by the late War, greatly increase, and, by the Continuance ‘ thereof, will Hill further increase, to the great Advantage of the Trade and Navigation of these ‘ Kingdoms; ' Be it therefore enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a^geo.i. <■. is. assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of "h: ch was continual by his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Acl for encouraging the Greenland Fishery, fub e<iul; rlt Aifs which was to continue in force for nine Years from the twenty fish Day of December one thousand ° seven hundred and thirty-one; and which Act, by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year TJ Geo *• of his laid late majesty's Reign, entitled, An Ail for continuing several Laws therein mentioned relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Mass, Yards andboivfprits, Par, Pitch and Turpentine; to bri tifh made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the Greenland, and to the jvhale Fishery;; granting a further Bounty for all Ships employed in the jvhale Fishery during the present ttar; for exempting Harpooners and others employed in the Greenland Fishery Trade, from being imprejjed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrails of 'Clerks and Apprentices \ was continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, entitled, zz Geo. z. C 45.

An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the jvhale Fijhen, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the Naturalisation of such Foreign Protejlants as fiall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, on board such Ships as fiall be fitted out for the fiid Fishery, was further continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thenec to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act, by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-eighth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, entitled, An All for Geo -■ c•

continuing, explaining and amending the several Alls of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the jvhale Fishery carried on by his Majesty s Subjects, and to authorise the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hood and others, ' upon three Ships fitted out for the said Fishery, and lojl in the Greenland Seas, was further continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be, and the same is An there continued to 2 j hereby further continued, from the Time in the said last nrentioned Act limited for the Expiration j767 thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth Year of oeo.z. e. 33,

the Reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, an Act for the further Encouragement of the jvhale Fishery before re"

carried on by his Majesty s Subjects, which was to be in force during the Continuance of the Act of C te(j u

the fifth Year of his laid late majesty's Reign, entitled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery;; which was, by the said Act of the thirteenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, continued unto the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Acl was, by the said Act of the twenty second Year of his said late majesty's Reign, continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act was, by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his said late majclty's Reign, further continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and the same further continued to 25 is hereby further continued, from the Time in the said last mentioned Acl limited for the Expiration Dec j7s7 thereof, unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III And be it further enacted hythe Authority aforesaid, That the said Acl of the twenty second Aft 22 Coo. 2. r;. Year of his said majesty's Reign, entitled, An Acl for the further Encouragement aa Enlargement of

the whale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto, and for the Na Geo_ f0 turalization of Jitch Foreign Protejlants as Jhrdl serve, for the Time therein mentioned, on hoard such Ships as Shall b fitted out for the said Fishery, which was to be in force from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thous .nd seven hundred and forty-nine, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by the said Act of the twenty-eighth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, continued unto the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall be and the same is hereby fur farther continued to 25 there continued, from the Time in the said last mentioned Acl limited for the Expiration thereof untod2c' 176'* the twenty-fifth Day ok December one thousand leven hundred and sixty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Vol. IX

Z

CAP;

A. D. 1763.

170

C 23*

Anno quarto Georgii III

Preamble.

Treasury impoweretl to take in Loans, or issue Exchequer Bills, for any Sum not exceeding 800, 0001.

in like manner as is preferred by the Malt Act of thisseflion, concerning Loans and Exchequer Bills, thereby authorised to be taken and made. Clauses, C in the said al relating to Loans or Exchequer Bills,

extended to this Act.

Exchequer Bills so ifliued not to be tendered or received in Payment of any of the Public Taxes, before 6 April 1765 $

unless the same shall be in course of Payment before the said Day.

The same to be repaid out of the first Supplies which shall be granted in the next Section j

CAP. XXIII

An Act for raising a certain Sum of. Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills •, and for applying certain Moneys remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four •, and for Application of certain Savings of Public Moneys and of Moneys arisen by the Sale of Military Stores *, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Persons who have omitted to insert in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, and other Servants.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

E, yourmajesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, tbecommonsof Great Britain in Parliament act'embied, for raising the Residue of the necessary Supplies which we have cheer ‘ fully granted to your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto ‘ your Majesty the Sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Ma ‘ jesty, that it may be enactedand Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament act'embied, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to cause or direst any Loans to be taken or received at his majesty's Exchequer, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out there, for any Sum or Sums of .Money not exceeding in Loans and Exchequer Bills together, in the Whole, the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, in the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as in and by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, entitled, An asl for continuing and granting to his Mcjejiy certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Tear one thoufandseven hundred and'sixty four, are enacted and prescribed concerning the Loans or Exchequer Bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said Act.

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the said last mentioned Aft relating to the Loans or Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Aft (except such Clauses as do charge'the same on the Taxes granted by the same Aft, and except such Clauses as limit the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Act, and also except as is herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Loans and Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, as fully and efieftually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Loans or Exchequer Bills had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Aft, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act.

III Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Exchequer Bill or Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, shall, after the same hath or have been issued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the sixth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, received or taken, or pass or be current to any Receiver or Collector in Great Britain, of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whritsoever, due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succefiors, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collector, or from any other Jerfon or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, otherwise or on any other Account than for the Discharge and Cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall be in due Course or Order of Payment, before the said sixth Day of April, nor shall any such Receiver or Colieftor ■ exchange, at any Time before the said sixth Day of April, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained against any such Receiver or Collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money before the said sixth Day of April; anything in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, entitled. An API for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Tear ore thousand seven hundred and sixty feur, or this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Loans or Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of, the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted in the next Session of parliam.nt; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose fh.dl not be granted before the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, then all the said Loans or Exchequer Bills, with the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges, incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys as, at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of July, shall be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surpluffes, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of .the said Sinking Fund as or out the Sinking lire appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Acl or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf), and ^nted' bdoret ?fuly 2 such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be iitued and applied, as soon as the same can be 5 J

regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling and discharging such Loans or Exchequer Bills, Interest, Premium, Rate or Charges, until the Whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for thatpurpofe be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on'demand to the refpeblive Proprietors thereof.

V Provided always, and be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be Moneys iftned for that so issued out of the said Surpluffes, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the; jurpole out of tbesink sinking Fund, shall, from Time to i ime, be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after, nefu(!c!»t0 be rep'a<al

V • „ 1 • ' rr^i,. ' T /.. n C oot of the next Supplies,

granted in Parliament; any 1 hmg herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI And be it declared and further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may bethebank empowered to lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to advance or lend to his Majesty in advance on the Credit of like manner at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon the Credit of Loan granted by this Act, any Sum the.(j]‘i loan'a, ly una or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds; any soo.ooo i" ekc "1418 Thing in an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, ll)c Aa; g w. & M. entitled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vejy C zo. notwithstanding. fcls, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for fduring certain Recompenses and Advantages in the fata

Acl mentioned, to such Persons as hall voluntarily advance the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That the Sum of three thousand four Aid they are furthering hundred ninety seven Pounds nine Shillings and nine Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchc powered to iiruethe.sum quer, being the Surplus of the several Duties upon Beer and Ale, granted by an Act made in the first f V' ?d' Sm" Year of his majesty's Reign, after satisfying all Charges and Encumbrances thereupon, to the fifth beer.'&c. grantetby AS Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and also such Part of the Sum of one xgeo. 3.105 Jan. 1764; hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty in the last Section of Parliament, for de and Surplus of 150, 000!. fraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing the Militia for one Year, beginning the twenty iixth grunted the last Session, Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, as shall remain in the Receipt of the Ex forpay ami Clothing of chequer after the said Charge is satisfied, shall and may be issued and applied at the said Receipt for them 11 ia'.

and towards making good the said Supply, and the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury now or reu™a. s ln 1 e for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are 1 hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

VIII And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum not exceeding one hun also thesumof 101, 469!.

tired two thousand four hundred and iixty nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and threepence, and nine igs. 36. 3 q. Savings of eleventh Parts of a Penny, out of the Moneys or Savings remaining of the Grant in the last Session omhe

of Parliament, for Pay of the Troops of the Duke of Brunswick, and for Subsidies, and of the Grants Bmnfwick Troops, Subin several former Sessions of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of five Battalions serving in the late fidies, and formcrgrants, Army in Germany, with a Corps of Artillery; and also a Sum not exceeding sixty one thousand eighty C

eight Pounds and four Shillings, out of certain Savings of public Moneys, and out of Moneys arisen and 6i, ossl. 4s. aether by the Sale of his majesty's Stores in Germany and Portugal, which have been paid to the Paymaster Savings; and by Sale of General of his majesty's Land Forces, shall and may be issued and applied towards defraying the Germany alli

extraordinary Expenses of his majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the twentieth po(tug3 >

■day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, to the twenty-fifth Day of December fol ^traortn'ry Expend lowing, and not provided for by Parliament, and the Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury now of the Land Forces, cor for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are incurred to 5 pec. 1763, hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly. " not provided for.

IX And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one hundred and seventy 170, 9061. z s. S d.

thousand nine hundred and six Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence, arising from certain Savings 3 \v'nss up"n the nn: made upon the non effedlive Accounts of several Regiments, and reserved in the Office of the Pay Re fmen" " " °

master General of his majesty's Land Forces, shall and may be issued and applied upon Account apphedtowudsthe towards discharging such unsatisfied Claims and Demands for Expenses incurred during the late unsatisfied claims in War in Germany, 'as appear to be due by the Reports of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty Germany, reported to for examining and stating such Claims and Demands, and the Commissioners of his majesty's Trea b.c.. due' '

now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer lor the Time being, are hereby authorised and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

X Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys The Moneys arising by coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Par the Malt > liament, entitled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Tear one thousand seven hundred and sixty four 5 and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills, made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Moneys coming into the Exchequer either by Loans or Exchequer Bills upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, entitled, An Acl for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be rafted in Land Tax 5

C 23. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Tax thereby granted as shall aril'c or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills, made or to he made on the same Acl, and all the Interest, Bremium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges allowable thereby for raising the said Land Tax shall be satisfied, or Money (Efficient shall be reserved in the Exchequer tofatisfy and discharge the same; and also the Sum of two millions out of such Moneys as shall or may arise of the.surplufl'es, Excesses or Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues compnfing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, ‘directed to be issued and applied by one other Act of this Scffion of Parliament, entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of tbeyear one thousand seven hundred andjixty four; and f or preventing, in certain Cases, the obtaining of Allowances in rrfpecl of the Leakage of Wines imported into this Kingdom; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, ‘tickets, Ceitifcates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders lojl, burnt, or otherwif: dc/troyccl; and also the Sum of one million one 1, 110, 0001. to be raised hundred and ten thousand Pounds, to be raised by virtue of one other at passed in this present sef V the an j fion of Parliament, entitled, An Ail for eflaldijhing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raffing certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year oie thoufandj'even hundred andjixty four, and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating

wish the Svm nf 2, oco, ocol. charged n the Sinking Fund 3

and alio the Sum nf

or Veer'and A'"' 'UCS usfybigall Charges and Encumbrances thereupon to the fifth Day of 'January one thousand seven hun,,, and sixty four; and also such Part of the said Sum of one hundred and fifty thousand Pounds

ijo, oooj/erantedsthe granted to his Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay" and last Session for Pay and Cioathing of the Militia for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven cloathingofthemilitia; hundred and sixty three, as shall remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer after the said Charge is and So, oool. granted satisfied, by this aisi directed to be issued and applied; and also the further Sum of eight hundred L this Act; together ‘ thousand Pounds by this at granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and

with the Money arifin^ by Sale of French Prizes taken before the War j are appropriated, viz.

So, 000 1. for the Marriage Portion of the Princess August;

1, 430, 56s I. 11 s. 9 d. towards Naval Services in general.

shall be blued and applied for and towards the several ul'es and Purposes herein after exprefi'ed, together with the Moneys arising from the Sale of French Prizes taken before the Declaration of War, which his majesty has declared in his mod gracious Speech to his Parliament, that he has directed, for the Ease of his Subjects, to be applied to the Public Service.

XI And it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and maybe issued and applied the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds, for the Marriage Portion of her Royal Highnels the Princess Augujla, his majesty's eldest Siller.

Xil. And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies provided as aforesaid, there shall and may he issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one million four hundred thirty thousand five hundred sixty eight Pounds eleven Shillings and nine Pence, for or towards the Naval Services herein after particularly expressed;; is to say, For or towards Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards Sea Services in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed, and for or towards defraying the Ordinary of his majesty's Navy, and for half-pay to Sea Officers, and for or towards maintaining four thousand two hundred and eighty seven Marines, and for or towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of his majesty's Ships, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

XIII And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three thousand Pounds, for carrying on the Building of four Houles for the Officers of the Hospital lately erefiled at Plymouth.

XIV And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, upon Account, to be applied by the Coinmissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital.

XV And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

XVI And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand two hundred thirty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence, for paying a Bounty, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, of two Shillings and sixpence per

onb'urd in the late War, Day to fifteen Chaplains, and of two Shillings per Day to fifteen more Chaplains, who have served and have^ct Preferment ongeft on board his majdly's Ships of War; provided it appears by the Books of the said Ships, viz^°to frtucl)1^s. 6 A.' that they have been actually born and muflered thereon for the Space of four Years, during the late per Diem? ami to i; ' War with Fiance and Spain; and provided likewif'e, that such Chaplains do not enjoy the Benefit of

others 2 s. per Diem. " foilie

3, 000 1. For bu'lding 4. Iloufes for the Officers f the Hospital at l*jy fliouth.

10, 0001. upon Account, to the Cnmmiffkiners of Greenwich Hospital for Out Pcnfioners,

650, 0001. towards paying eft the Debt of the Navy.

i.aji 1. 17s. 6 d. for paying a Bounty for the Year 1764, to the oldest Chaplains in the Navy, who have served 4 Years

I

*73

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 23.

fomc Ecclesiastical Living or Preferment from the Crown, or otherwise, of the present amrual Value of fifty Pounds.

XVII And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred seventy three thousand eighty Pounds eight Shillings and sixpence, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year one thousand I even hundred and sixty four.

XVIII And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and maybe blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty-two thousand three hundred fifty-nine Pounds eight Shillings and one Penny, for defraying the Expense of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

XIX And it is hcrchy also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and maybe illued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two millions six hundred ten thousand seven hundred fortyfive Pounds ten Shillings and seven Pence, and seventy three eighty eight Parts of a Penny, for and towards maintaining his maj.fty's Land Forces, and other Services herein after more particularly expressed;; is to say. Any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred seventeen thousand seven hundred four Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence, and (even eighth Parts of a Penny, for defraying the Charge of seventeen thousand five hundred and thirty-two effeiftive Men, commissioned and noncommissioned Officers included; and including two thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine Invalids, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Giternjey and Jersey, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred seventy two thousand seven hundred seventy four Pounds six Shillings and fourpence three Farthings, for maintaining his majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Quebec, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eleven thousand three hundred twenty-two Pounds seven Shillings and threepence, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the V ear one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for one Year, beginning the twenty filth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty thousand one hundred eighty eight Pounds and eighteen Shillings, upon account of the reduced Officers of his majesty's Land Forces and Marines, tor the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, nor exceeding one hundred twenty-five thousand four hundred fifty-five Pounds and thirteen Shillings, upon account of the reduced Officers of his majesty's Land Forces, reduced and disbanded in the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and such as are to be reduced and disbanded, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand six hundred and five Pounds and fifteen Shillings, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand six hundred and ninety six Pounds, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred three thousand seven hundred ninety four Pounds and two Shillings, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out pensioners of Cheljla Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eighteen thousand three hundred thirty-one Pounds, seventeen Shillings and eleven Pence, to make good a Deficiency in the Sum granted last Session of Parliament, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of Out pensioners of Chclfia Hospital, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-three thousand nine hundred one Pounds three Shillings seven Pence, and five eleventh Parts of a Penny, to enable his Majesty to defray the Charge of the Subsidies due to the Duke of Brunfivick pursuant to Treaties, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding fifty thousand Pounds, on Account, towards assisting his Majesty to grant a reasonable Succour, in Money, to the Landgrave of hcjje Gajfcl, pursuant to Treaty; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight hundred twenty-three thousand eight hundred seventy six Pounds twelve Shillings and twopence three Farthings, for further defraying the extraordinary Fxpences of his majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred between the twentieth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, and the twenty-fifth Day of December following, and not provided for by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three hundred twenty-nine thousand ninety three Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence, upon Account, towards further discharging such unsatisfied Claims and Demands for Expenses incurred during the late War in Germany, as appear

173, 080 I. S s. 6 d. Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service.

52, 359 1. S s. 1 d. Charge ul the Office of Ordnance for Land Service not prowjed for in 1763.

2, 610, 74c 1. to s. 7 d.

3 q. for Pay, cof the Land Forces'in general 5

whereof 617, 704]. t7.9. 10 d. 39. for Charge of 17, 532 effective Men, including Invalids, for Guards and Garrisons, „&c,

372, 774]. 6s. 4 d. 3 q. tor the Forces and gar rifons in the Plantations, and in Minorca and Gibraltar; and for Provisions for them 5 11, 322 1. 7 8. 3 d. for Pay of the General and General Stuff Officeis. So, cool, on Account, for Pay and Clothing of the Militia;

30, 188 1. 18 s. to the f reduced Officers of the Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 17643 125, 455 1 13 s. to tyre reduced Officers of the Land Forces diihandcd in 1763, and futh as are to be reduced for the Year

1764;

2, 605!. 15 s. to the Officers and Private Gentlemen of the 2 Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse reduced, and superannuated Gentlemen of the 4 Troops of Hoi fe G uartis5 1, 6961. for Pensions to Officers Widows.

103, 7941.2 s. for Out Penfiontrs of Chclfea Hofpital5

18, 331 l7 s 1 rt*‘ e ficjencyin the Grant of the last Year for Out Pensioners of the said Hospital in 17635 43, 9011. 3 s. 7 d. 3 q. Subsidy to the Duke of

Brunfivick, pursuant to Treaty;

50, 0001. on Account, to the Landgr. of H. call'd, pur hunt to T reaty; 823, 876 1. 12 s. 2 d. 3q. for extraordinary ex pences of Land Foices, C incurred in 1763, not provided for; 329, 093!. j7s. J.

C

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

upon Account, towards pear to be clue by the Reports of the commiff.oners appointed by his Majesty, for examining and f.msfyinj the claims in [fating such Claims and Demands.

Germany, reported to be

XX And it is hereby also ennfted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or j, So, o°ol. foe paying Supplies aforesaid, there hall and may be issued and applied the Sum of one million eight hundred om b" VI 1 tu'l'of'in aft tl10"fand Pounds, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer pills made out by virtue, of an Act of the lad Seliion • pafil d in the last Session of Parliament, entitled, yin Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Leans

or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Scfioti of Parliament; and for allowing his majesty's Subjects to import their Goods and effebs, being the Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places had remained in his majesty's pqjfejjim; and charged upon the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Scflion of Parliament.

XXI And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there ball and maybe issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand seven hundred three Pounds fourteen Shillings and eleven Pence, upon Account, for maintaining and supporting the Civil Establishment of his majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding four thousand thirty-one Pounds eight Shillings and eight Pence, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental ex pences attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, to the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and any

5.-001, for Charges of Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand seven hundred Pounds,, upon Account, for dc the Civil Eftahlifliment fraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his majesty's Colony of Eqfl Florida, and other

CI East Florida; incidental Expenses attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven

hundred and sixty three, to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty 5, 700!. for charges of four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding five thousand seven hundred Pounds, upon tbecivil Eibblifliment Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his majesty's Colony of West Floss West Florida; rida, and other incidental Expenses attending the same, from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hun i.sisl. 9 s. for Charges dred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one thousand eight hundred Nonli Americaan^ eighteen Pounds and nine Shillings, upon Account, for defraying the Expense attending general Surveys of his majesty's Dominions in North America, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

10, 0001. for fupportmg XXII And it is hereby also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be .issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts

and Settlements on the Coast of Africa; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-eight thousand three hundred forty seven Pounds and ten Shillings, upon Account, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hofpita) for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, to maintain and educate such Children as were received into the said Hospital, on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty, from the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, exclusive, to the thirty first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, inclusive, and that the said Sum be issued and paid for tiieufe of the said Hospital, without Fee or Reward, or any Deduction whatsoever; 7, 3501. to make good ancj te gum Of seven thousand three hundred and fifty Pounds, to make good to his majesty the like

to his Majesty theh*e CV -* C r.___a„r

5, 703 1. 14s. it s. for

supporting the Civil ra.ibhihmcnt in Nova Scotia j

4, 0311. 8 s. 8 d. for

Charges of the Civil Establishment in Georgia >

the Forts andseitlement. on the Coast: of Afiica j

38, 347 1. 10 s. to the Foundling Hospital; to be issued without See j

Sum, ifluffit by hin

Sum which has been issued by his majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of the House of putfuanfto the Address Commons; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding ten thousand Pounds, towards enabling of the Commons; the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his pre C ocol. to enable the f: nt Majesty, entitled. An Act for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets and Lanes, within Commiflicncrs for the C ty and Liberty of Westminster, the Parijhcs of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Mar fi; w ti &: CV C 'c'tlects tyr. Saint George Bloomsbury, that Part of Saint Andrew Holbourn which lies in the County of mid forrn the'trufls repofvd dlefex, the J'evcral Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Ditichy of Lancaster which lies in them; in the County of Middlesex, and for p eventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

more effeftu lly to perform thetrufts reposed in them; one Sum, Part thereof, not exceed 5a°fu' "five t^lou^an^ Pounds, to be paid to the said Commissioners, on or before the fifth Day of April and tyoool.^bv vapril one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and another Sum not exceeding five thousand Pounds,, 765'/ ' J "the other Part thereof, to he paid to them on or before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hun

z, 0001, to the Tniftws dred and sixty five; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, towards of the British Museum; enabling thetruftees of the Britfh Museum to carry on the Execution of thetruft reposed in them 2,; ool. to J. einkcefq; by Parliament; and any Sum or Sunns of Money, not exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, for carrying on hisfi(h t0 be applied towards encouraging and enabling John Blake Esquire, further to carry into execution C emc; the Plan concerted by him for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish at

5.451- 15s- Compcnfa moderate Rates; and the Sum of five hundred fortyfive Pounds and fifteen Shillings, to enable the "h" //°^landa purfi Commissioners appointed by viriue of an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present geo!v. forer^ngforts Majesty, entitled, An Aclfr vtjling certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, upon the Sea Goafs, on the Sea Coaib: In the Counties of Kent, Sussex and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have'been eretfed for the

Defence

A. D. 1763.

Anno quarto Georgii III

C

'.5'

Defence of the faidcoafls, in Trustees, for certain Uses;; for other Purposes therein mentioned, to make Compeiffation to the several Owners and Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Kent, Sussex and Southampton, as have been purchased for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act, and for Damages done to the Lands adjacent; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred and three Pounds thirteen Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, to make good thelntereftof the several Principal Sums to be paid in pursuance of an Act of the second Year of his present majesty's Reign, for the Purchase of several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, upon the Seacoasts, in the Counties of Kent, Sussex and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for the Defence of the said Coasts, from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, the Time the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments were made use of for the Purposes aforesaid, to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou fandseven hundred and sixty four; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding'leven thousand Pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good to Samuelfouchet of London, Merchant, all the Expense he has incurred in fitting out several Vellels employed in the late successful Expedition, for the re dudlion of the French Forts and Settlements in the River Senegal, and to satisfy to the said Samuel Touchet all Claims and Demands whatsoever on the Commissioners of his majesty's Navy, or any Officer or Officers employed in the said Expedition, for such of the said Vessels as were lost or taken into his majcftv's Service.

XXIII And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall arid may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding sixty nine thousand six hundred seventy one Pounds one Shilling and twopence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum issued thereout for the half year's Payment due the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, on the Annuities, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted in respect of certain Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills and Ordnance Debentures delivered in and cancelled pursuant to an Add made in the last Session of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty-one thousand two hundred and twenty-three Pounds one Shilling and sixpence, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same to make good the Deficiency on the fifth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, of the several Rates and Duties upon Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses, and Windows or Lights, which were made a Fund by an Act of the thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty for paying Annuities at the Bank of England, in respect of five millions borrowed towards the Supply granted for th; Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding thirty-six thousand six hundred ninety-nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and fourpence Halfpenny, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the same, to make good the Deficiency on the tenth Day of Gfieber one thousand seven hundred and sixty three, of the several additional Duties upon Wines imported into this'kingdom, and certain Duties upon all Cyder and Perry which were made a Fund by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for paying Annuities in respect of three millions five hundred thousand Pounds borrowed towards the Supply gj anted for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred twenty-nine thousand four hundred eighty nine Pounds and threepence, to make good tiie Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three.

XXIV And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid, shall not be issued or applied to any Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses and Purposes before mentioned; or for the several Deficiencies or other Payments diretled to be faasfied thereout by any at or Aits, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other at or Ails of this present Session of Parliament.

XXV And, as to the said Sums of thirty thousand one hundred eighty eight Pounds and eighteen Shillings, and one hundred twenty-five thousand four hundred fifty-five Pounds and thirteen Shillings, by this al appropriated on account of half-pay as aforesaid;; is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules herein after prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said half-pay; that is to say. That no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who was a Minor, and under the Age of sixteen Years, at the Time when the Regiment, Troop or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, except such Person who did actual Service in some Regiment, Troop or Company; that no Person having any other Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Chaplain of any Garrison or Regiment, who has any Ecclesiastical Benefice in Great Brito in or Ireland, shall have or receive any Part of the said half-pay; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same, who has resigned his Cominiffion, and has had no Commifiton since; that no Part of the same Shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Persons as would have been otherwise entitled to the same as reduced Officers; and that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any of the Officers of the five Regiments of Dragoons and eight Regiments of Foot lately disbanded in Ireland, except to such as were lately taken oft' the Establishment of half-pay a Great Britain.

1 75

1031, 13 s. 9 d. 1 q. for

Interest of Principal Money for Lands purchased under the recited at of 2 Gc*>. 3,

7, oool. to sam.touchet Merchant, Expenses incurred in fitting cut vef fds in the Expedition against Senega], C

69, 671 1. 1 s. 2 d. to replace to the Sinking Fond the like Sum issued iheieouf, for the Half year's Payment due 29 Sept. 1763, on the Annuities granted on the Navy and Victual. Bills; 41, 223 k is. 6d. to make good the Deficiency on 5 July 1763, of the Duties on Offices and Pensions, and upon Houses and Lights;

36, 699 1. 15s. 4 d. 2 q to make good the Deficiency on 10 Oft. 17635 of the additional Duties upon Wines imported, and Duties upon Cyder and Perry;

129, 4891. os. 3d. to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1763.

These Aids to be applied to no other Uses,

Rules to be observed in the Application of the half-pay,

XXVI

176

Clause in the Aft of 3 Geo. 3. C ij.

Application of the Savings of the fe\eralsums

ot 33-35' >• '7 s 6 j and 88, 7041. 3 s. 4 d. granted the la ft Session towards half.pay.

Clause for Relief of Per ions who have omitted to infeit in Indentures, or other Writings, the full Sum agreed to be paid with Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

The Duties to be paid bi 29 Sept. 1764.

C 23. Anno quarto gf.orgii III A. D. 1763.

‘ XXVI Anti wliereas by an act of Parliament made in the third Year of his present majesty's ‘ Reign, entitled, An Ait Jor raising a certain Sum of Money l>y Loam or Exchequer Bills for the Ser ‘ vice of the Tear one thousand Jcvcn hundred andfxiy thrcc; and for further appropriating the Supplies ‘ granted in this Srffton of Parliament; and for allowing his majesty's Subjects to import their Goods and ‘ Effects., bang tin Produce of certain Places ceded to France and Spain by the late Treaty of Peace, upon ‘ Payment of the same Duties as they would have been liable to, if such Places bad remained in his Ma 1 jcjty's Pojjeffion, the several Supplies which had been granted to his present Majesty as is therein

* mentioned, were appropriated to the several Uses and Purposes therein expressed;; which,

‘ any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding thirty-three thousand three hundred fifty-one Pounds ‘ seventeen Shillings and sixpence, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced Officers of his Ma

* Land Forces and Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty three; and any ‘ Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding eighty eight thousand seven hundred and four Pounds three ‘ Shillings and fourpence, was appropriated to he paid to the reduced Officers of his majesty's ‘ Land Forces then disbanded, and 1'uch as were to be difbandcdj for the Year one thousand seven ‘ hundred and sixty three, subject ncvcrthclefs to such Rules to be observed in the Application of ‘ the said half-pay, as in and by the aforesaid acl were prescribed in that Behalf; ' Now it is hereby provided, enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid. That so much of the said Sums of thirty-three thousand three hundred fifty-one Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence, and eighty eight thousand seven hundred and four Pounds three Shillings and fourpence, as are or litall be more than sufficient to satisfy the Laid reduced Officers, according to the Rules prescribed by the said Act to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, hall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed, or have lost their Limbs in the late Wars, or such others as, by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, his Majesty hall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under his majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; anything in this act or the said former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII And, for Relief of all Persons who have omitted to insert and write in Words at Length, in Indentures, or other Writings, which contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts or Agreements, relating to the Service of any Clerk, Apprentice or Sen ant, the full Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, received, or in any wise, directly or indirectly, given, paid or agreed, or contracted for, wiih, or in relation to, cveiy such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, as aforesaid;; it therefore cnncted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the Rates and Duties upon the Moneys, or such Part of the Moneys so omitted to be inserted and written in Words at Length, in such Indentures, or other Writings, ns aforesaid, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, to such Person or Persons to whom the same ought to be paid (of which timely Notice Is to be given in thc London Gazette) the same Indentures, or other Writings, shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and may be given in Evidence in any Court whatio ever; and the Clerks, Apprentices or Servants therein named, shall be capable of following and exercising their rtfpective intended Trade or Employment, in the same manner as they could have done, in case the full Sum or Sums received or agreed for, as aforesaid, had been inserted;; the Persons who have incurred any Penalties by the Omission afo efaid, shall be acquitted and discharged. of and from the said Penalties; anything in any former Act of Parliament to the contrary not • landing.

Anno quarto Gsorgxx III

C 241

i: 77

CAP. XXIV

An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage

* A S, under Colour of the Privilege of sending and receiving Poll Letters by Mem Preamble.

* VV hers of Parliament, free from the Duty of Postage, many great and notorious Frauds have For Former Lams rda ‘ been and still are frequently practised, as well in Derogation of the Honour of Parliament, as to ting hereto, refer to

‘ the Detriment of the rublick Revenue; diverse Perilous having presumed to counterfeit the Hand, 9 -'*>"• C i ‘ and otherwise fraudulently to make use of the Names, of Members of Parliament, upon Letters '■ fi r

1 and Packets to be sent by the Poll, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage: : ?2 getazf'caii.

‘ whereas the Allowance of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Pol z6c?.u. z. C 13.

‘ tage, heretofore granted to, or customarily exercised by, certain Persons not being Members of ‘ Parliament, in respect of their Offices, has not been Efficiently confined to such Letters and

* Packets only as relate to the Business of their respective Offices, and may therefore, if continued

‘ without further Reftridlions and Limitations, be liable to great abufein order, therefore, to put the more effectual Stop to these and the like Frauds and Abuses, and at the same Time to

ascertain, for the better Guidance and Direction of his majesty's Poll Mailer General, and the Officers to be employed under him, in the Performance of their Duty, by what Persons only, and

under what Regulations or Restrictions, the Privilege or Allowance of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage shall thenceforth be enjoyed and exercised. May it please your Majesty that it May be enabled; And be it ena£ted by the king's mod Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the From and after 1 May firll Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, so long as the Revenue arising in the J764>'ve" General Letter Office or Poll Office, or Office of Poll Mailer General, shall continue to be carried fl^con tnuem be! car. to, and made Part of the Aggregate Fund, no Letters or Packets sent by the Poll, to or from any r;, j to Aggregate Place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage, according to the Rates dla Fund, blilbcd by the several Adds of Parliament now in Force; other than and except such Letters and Packets as are herein after excepted, and in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as are

- - ‘ - - - - no Letters or Packets

shall be exempted from

: from or to

herein after declared and enacted concerning the same; that is to say. Except all such Letters ahd nuu ^

Packets as shall be sent from or to the king's moll Excellent Majesty;; Letters and Packets, postage, butfuch not exceeding the Weight of two Ounces, sent from and to any Places (within the Kingdoms of/hall be'fent from Great Britain or Ireland) during the Sitting of any Session of Parliament, or within forty Days bethe King; fore or forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation of the same, which shall be signed, on the and not exceeding Outside thereof, by any Member of either of the two Houses of Parliament of Great Britain, and ^aaube'fcn" during*' whereof the whole Superscription shall be of the Hand Writing of such Member, or which shall be the Session of parlia directed to any Member of either House of the Parliament of Great Britain, or at any of the Places mem, of his usual Residence, or at the Place where he shall actually be at the Time of the Delivery there or within 40 Days be of, or at the House of Parliament, or the Lobby of the House of Parliament of which he is a Mem j°rprmoftancnumn'uns her; all Letters and Packets, not exceeding' the Weight of two Ounces, sent from 'and to any befignedon theout places within the Kingdom of, Ireland, during the Sitting of any Session of Parliament of Ireland, or side by a Member of ei vvithin forty Days before or forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation thereof, which shall be there House, signed, on the Outside thereof, by any Member of either of the two Houses of the Parliament ofand the whole of the Ireland, and whereof the whole Superscription shall be of the Hand Writing of such Member, or ^h^vemte^'s'wri ^ which being sent, during such Time as aforesaid, from any Part of Great Britain or Ireland to any tjung. em er ‘ 1

Part of Ireland, shall be directed to any Member of either House of the Parliament of Ireland, at any or, d'uefled to a mem of the Places of his usual Residence, or at the Place where he shall actually beat the Time of the ber at his usual Refi delivery thereof, or at the House of Parliament, or the Lobby of the House of Parliament of which den "',

he is a Member; all Letters and Packets directed to the Lord High Treasurer, or Corhmissioners en w erehe a of the Treasury, or the Secretaries to the Treasury;; the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners or at th'e House, cof of the Admiralty, or the Secretaries of the Admiralty; to his majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, Parliament: or their Under Secretaries; to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, or their Secretary; And like Manner, to his majesty's Secretary at War, or the Deputy Secretary at War; or to his majesty's Lieutenant j'ettcrs and Packets lent General, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and his or their Chief Secretary, his or jrr°™n^ t0 aces in their Secretary for the Provinces ofuljler and Munster in that Kingdom, his or their Secretary re during the session there, siding always in Great Britain, the Undersecretary and Firll Clerk in the Office in Ireland of the or within 40 Days be said Chief Secretary, the Firll Clerk in the Office in Ireland of the said Secretary for the Provinces fore or after Summons of Uljler and Munster;; to his majesty's Poll Mailer General, or to the Deputy of the Poll Ma or, pj0roiajlcn'

Iter General, for that Part of Great Britain ‘called Scotland, for the Kingdom of Ireland, or for his Also an leuersvjd

Packets to the Lord

High Treasurer, or Commissioners, and Secretaries to the Treasury;; High Admiral, Commissioners and Secretaries to the Admiralty $ Principal Secretaries of State, and their Under Secretaries; Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, or their Secretary; Secretary at War, or his Deputy; Lieutenant General, r other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; or their Chief Secretary, or Secretary for the Provinces of Ulster and Munster j their Secretary residing in Great Britain 5 the Undersecretary, and First Clerk, in the Office in Ireland of the Chief Secretary, .and the First Clerk in the Office of the Secretary for Ulster and Munster.. Postmaster General, or Deputy for Scotland, Ireland, and America :

Vox,. IX A a m.ijesty's

78

the Secretary or Deputy of the Post Matter General;

Farmer nf the Bye and Cross Road Letters; Surveyors of the Pott: Office

C 24. Anno quarto Georgii III A.D... 1763.

majesty's Dominions in America rcfpe&ively; or to the Secretary of such Postmaster General, or Deputy of the Postmaster General, or to the Farmer of the Bye and Cross Road Letters, or to any of the Surveyors of the Postoffice, all for the Time being; and all Letters and Packets font from

any or the said Officers for the Time being, which ftiall be signed, on the Outside thereof, by such Officer, and whereof the Whole Superscription shall likewise, be of the Hand Writing of such office; Officer; and also except all Letters and Packets sent from the Treasury, the Admiralty Office, the

and Letters and Packets Office of his majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Plantation Office, the War Office, or from sent from any of the said the General Postoffice at London, or from any of the Chief Offices at Edinburgh, at Dublin, or in onth outside j' 1 L m America, and which shall appear by an Indorfcment made thereupon by some Person properly au and the whole Super thorized as herein after mentioned to make the same, to be upon his majesty's Service, and shall feription of their Wri be sealed with the Seal of the Office, or with the Seal of the Principal Officer in the Office or de ting; partment from which they are sent.

and Letters and Packets

from the Tieaiur; ', Admiralty Office, Office of the Secretaries of State, Plantation Office, War Office, Ceneral Postoffice at London, Chief Offices at Edinburgh, Dublin, and America, endorsed for the king's Service, and sealed with the Seal of Office, or of the Principal Officer in the Department,

II And, for more effectually preventing all such Frauds and Abuses as might otherwise be practised under colour of the Allowance hereby granted and continued, of sending Letters and Packets from the several Offices and Officers herein before mentioned free from the Duty ofpoftage; be.it Commissioners of the further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High

Treasury, Treasurer, or Commissioners of thetreafury, the Lord High Admiral, or Coinmissioners of the

and Admiralty, Admiralty,, his majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Commissioners for Trade and Planta

mtiwt, °f„rtrlr tionst his majesty's Secretary at War, his majesty's Postmaster General, and the Deputies of the

and Plantations, p°ft Master General herein before mentioned, all for the Time being, to authorise and direct cer

Secretary at War, tain Persons in each of their Offices or departments respectively, a List of whose Names shall be

Post Matter General, from time to time transmitted, by the Principal Officer or Officers authorising the same, to the

and his Deputies, General Postoffice in ltwow, to make and subscribe an Endorsement upon each Letter or Packet

ctrtaffi'persons'in their which shall concern the public Business of their respective Offices, signifying that such Letter or

corrective offices, Packet is upon his majesty's Service, and to fear the same with the Seal of such Office or Officer

o; whom Lists to be respectively;; which Persons are hereby strictly forbid foto endorse and fear any Letter or Packet

transmitted t the Ce whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they shall receive the special Diretftion of their fu neiai Postoffice, London, perjor Officer, or which they ftiall themselves know to concern the Business of their respective of nnd'packeis upon th ftces; and if any Person employed in any of the said Offices, shall knowingly make and subscribe

king's Scivice', such Endorsement, or procure the same to be made upon any Letter or Packet which does not really

and fear the same with concern the Business of the Office in refpetft of which he is authorised to make the same, he shall,

the Seal of Office, C for the first Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such

and^reated116 mdt Sd Manner ashy the Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne for establishing a General

bin bv Direction of their p°ft Office, is directed, with respect to the Penalties inflicted by the said Act; and, for the Second

fuperfor officer. Offence, ftiall be dismissed from his Office.

r which concerns the

Business of the Office, on Forfeiture of 51. for the First Offence, to be recovered and applied as by Act 9 Anna? is directed; and for the second Offence, the Offender to be dismissed.

Persons appointed to III Provided always, That the Number of Persons foto be appointed, in each of the Offices make fuchlndoifemcnts, abovementioned, to make and subscribe such Endorsement as aforesaid, ftiall not exceed two in any one Office or Department, except only in the Admiralty Office and the War Office; and that the Number foto be appointed in the Admiralty Office shall not exceed eight in 'rhyme of Peace, or twelve in Time of War; and that the Number foto be appointed in the War Office shall not exceed six in Time of Peace, or ten in Time of War.

Time of Peace, and twelve in Time of War j and in the War Office not to exceed six in Time of Peace, and ten in Time of War.

not to exceed 2 in any Office.

Admiralty and War Offices excepted; and in the Admiralty not to exceed eight in

Where any privileged Person, difabjcd from writing the Whole su perfenption,. ftiall authorise some Person to sign his Name upon and write the su pe; feription, and give Notice thereof under his Hand and Seal tn the Pott Master General,

Letters and Packets,

IV Provided also, and be it further enaifted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person entitled to send Letters or Packets free of the Duty of Postage, being, by bodily Infirmity, disabled from writing the Whole Superscription of such Letters or Packets, shall choose to authorise and appoint some one Person, on his Behalf, and in his Stead, to sign his Name upon, and write the Superscription of, such Letters and Packets, and ftiall cause Notice thereof in Writing, under his Hand and Seal, to be transmitted to his majesty's Postmaster General; all Letters and Packets, so signed and fuperferibed by the Person so authorised and appointed, ftiall be allowed to pass free of the Duty of Postage, and shall, in all Refpecb, be proceeded with, as if the Whole Superscription had been of the Hand Writing of the Person by whom such Authority was given as aforesaid.

so signed and fupeifcribed, shall go free.

Printed Votes, and V Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend Proceedings in Parlia to charge with the Duty of Postage, any printed Votes, or Proceedings in Parliament, or printed rocnt> News Papers, being sent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which ftiall he signed,

and News Papers, sent

without Covers, or in Covers open at Sides,

on

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 25. 179

■on the Outside thereof, by the Eland of any Member of Parliament, in such Manner as hath been anj fignedon the out heretofore practised, or which shall be directed to any Member of Parliament, at any Place whereof side by a Member, he shall have given Notice in Writing to the Postmaster General, or to his Deputy at Edingburgh or r dln: cteti e0 amem dublin respectively, but that all such Votes, Proceedings, and News Papers, so sent and signed or j?r' ft0°j[ie directed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the Duty of Pottage; anything in this or any foimer p0ft Matter General, Aft to the contrary notwithstanding. ' or his Deputy at Edinburgh

cr Dublin, are 10 go free

VI And forasmuch as it hath been usual for the Clerks in the Offices of his majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and also for certain Officers in the Office of his majesty's Postmaster General, to frank printed Votes, and Proceedings in parliam.nt, and printed News Papers, to be sent by

the Post;; therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawlul for Clerks in the Offices of such Clerks and Officers as aforesaid, being thereunto licensed by his majesty's Principal Secretaries the Secretaries of State, of State, or his majesty's Postmaster General respectively, to continue to frank such printed Votes, beit^dui° rented and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed News Papers, in such Manner as they have heretofore mayscontmu^to^: ank been accustomed to frank the same; provided that such printed Votes, Proceedings, and News Pa the v^res, and Propers, shall be sent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides. ceedmgs in Pa liament,

and News Papers, as heretofore; sending the same without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides.

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Postmaster General, his majesty's Postmaster General, or any of the Officers employed under him, to examine and !"h a^packet' search any Packet sent without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides, in order to discover whe wfthout^cover, there any other Paper or Thing whatsoever be enclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper, or in a Cover open at' as is hereby permitted to be sent free of Pofttige without a" Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides; the Sides;

and in case any such other Paper or Thing whatsoever shall be found to be enclosed or concealed and if they shall find in or with such printed Paper as aforesaid, or in Case there shall be any Writing other than the ay. other p*p'r fr Superscription upon such printed Paper, or upon the Cover thereof, the Whole of such Packet 7hng lndo'ed lhere* shall be charged with the Duty of Postage, according to the Rates established by the several Acts of o" here shall be any Parliament now in Force for that Purpose. Writing, other than

the supera ription upon

the printed Paper, or Cover, the Whole of such Packet is to be charged with the Postage.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if any Person shall, after the If any perfon(hall, after

first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, counterfeit the Hand Writing of any 1 June i764>.counter"

Person whatsoever, in the Superscription of any Letter or Packet to be sent by the Post, in order p'tf, he. wf't'pe offany to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, every Person so offending shall be deemed guilty of tion°ofnany'letter arp"

Felony, and shall be trarifported for leven Years. Packet, to avoid the

Postage, he shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and be transported lor seven Years,

CAP. XXV

An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for raising certain Sums of Money towards the Supply for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and for more effectually preventing the forging Powers to transfer such Stock, or receive such Dividends or Annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent personating the Owners thereof.

WH E R E A S by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her late Preamble, reciting Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An asl Jor enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of Eng Chutes in Act 7 Ann.

‘ land, and for raising a further Supply to her Mayfly for the Service of the Tear one thousand seven C 7*

‘ hundred and nine; it was declared and enacted. That the Governor and Company of the Bank ‘ of England, and their Successors for ever, Should continue and be one Body Corporate and Poli ‘ tick, and should for ever have, receive and enjoy the entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand 1 Pounds therein mentioned, out of certain Rates and Duties of Excise therein described, and such * Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Ad ‘ vantages, as are therein expressed, subject nevertheless to a Power and Condition of Redemtion ‘ in that aft contained in that Behalf; and it was thereby provided and enacted. That at any Time ‘ upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August which Should be in the Year of our ‘ Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and not before, and upon Repayment by Par ‘ liament to the Laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the ‘ several Sums amounting to one million six hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, without * any Deduction, Discount or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of one mil.

‘ lion six hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, and upon Payment to the said Governor 4 and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per * Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which Should be owing unto them upon all such

A a 2 Tallies

** r, II

^5 Geo, i, C ij#

C 25. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

‘ Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the Paid Governor and Company, or ‘ their Successors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at.the Time of such No 4 tice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in the 4 same Add, only excepted); then, and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of ‘ one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine, as by the said Act (relation bi ing there 4 unto had) may more plainly appear: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth ‘ Year of her laid late majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act to rafe twelve hundred thousand Pounds ‘ for public Uses, ly circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise 4 five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for Uses of 'her Civil Government, to be applied ‘ for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, 'tradefmen and others, as are 4 therein mentioned) the before recited Proviso or Condition, for determining the said yearly Fund ‘ of one hundred thousand Pounds, upon twelve Months Notice after the said first Day of August ‘ one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, upon such Payments as aforesaid, was thereby re ‘ pealed and made void; and.it was thereby provided and enacted, That at any Time upon twelve 4 Months Notice, after the first Day of Auguji which should be in the Year of our Lord one thou 4 sand seven hundred and forty-two, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said 4 Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, ' of the said Sum of sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, and

* upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said 4 one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which should

be owing to them upon ail such Tallies, Exchequer Orders; or Parliamentary Funds, which the ‘ said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have' remaining in their Hands, or be 4 entitled to, at the Time' of such Notice to be given as aforesaid (such Funds for Redemption 4 whereof other Provision is made in the said former Acts, or any of them, or in the said recited ‘ Aft, always excepted); then, andin such Case, and not till! then, the said yearly Fund of one

* hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine : And it is also further provided and enacted,

4 That from and after such Redemption of the said one hundred thousand Pounds 'per Annum, and 4 from and after Redemption should be made by Parliament of the Annuity of one hundred and six 4 thousand five hundred and 'one Pounds thirteen Shillings arid five Pence, 'by the said recited Aft,

4 of the seventh Year of her said late alajesty's Reign, settled and payable to the said'governor and 4 Company,; in thjs Manner therein mentioned, and from and after Redemption should likewise be 4 made of the Fund established by the said recited Aft, in relation to the Exchequer Bills therein 4 mentioned, then, and not till then, the said Corporation of the Governor and Company, of the 4 Bank of England should cease and determine; but till then the said, Governor and Company 4 should continue a Corporation, and should have and enjoy all the. Powers; and Privileges they were 4 entitled to, as by the same Aft (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear : And where -4 as by an Act of Parliament made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his Iqte Majesty King 4 George, the Second (entitled, An Act for ejiablijlnng an Agreement with the Governor and Com 4 pany of the Bank e/tngland, for advancing the Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds, towards 4 the Supply for the Service of the Tear one thousand fevqn hundred and forty-two) the said Governor and 4 Company, and their Successors, were directed to advance and pay into the Receipt of his Ma 4 jesty's Exchequer, for his adajesty's Use, the full Sum of one million' six hundred thousand. 4 Pounds, on or before such Time, and in such Manner, and under such Conditions, as, in. the 4 said Act are mentioned: And it was thereby declared and enacted, That the several and refp.ee 6 tive Provisoes, contained in the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her late 4 Majesty Queen Anne, and each of them, and all other .Provisoes contained in any other Aft or 4 Acts of Parliament for determining the lid.fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per. Annum,

4 and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon, the rcfpec 4 tive Notices and Payments in the same respective Acts mentioned, should be, arid were thereby 4 repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company, of the Bank of England, so en 4 larged as aforesaid, and their Successors for ever, should remain continue and be one Body Cor.

4 porate and Politic, by the Name aforesaid, and should for ever have, receive and enjoy the said 4 entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise

* with a perpetual Succeftion, and Privilege of Exclusive Banking, as therein after was 4 mentioned, and all other Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions,

4 Privileges Profits and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the Governor .and Company of the Bank 4 of England, before the making of the said Act, were entitled by the said Acts of the seventh and 4 twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or either of them, or by.any 4 other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants or Charters whatsoever, then in Force; all which were

* by the said Act ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors,

4 freed and discharged of and from the said Provisoes, and Conditions of Redemption thereby re. 4 pealed, or intended to be repealed as aforesaid, and all other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters 4 and Things whatsoever, theretofore had, made, done or committed, for redeeming, determining,

4 or making void, the said Corporation, or yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, aud the 4 said Privilege of Exclusive Banking, and all other their Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages, or any of them; subject never. C thelefs to such Restrictions, Rules and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters.

4 and Things, as in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them then in Force, were contained or

4 preferibedj

A. D. 1763,

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 25*

ll

‘ prescribed, and also fubjebt to the Power and Condition of Redemption thereafter in the said Abb ‘ contained in that Behalf; and it Was thereby also provided and enabled, that at any Time, upon ‘ twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of Auguji which Should be in the Year of our Lord one ‘ thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and not before, and upon the Repayment by Parliament ‘ to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Succeflbrs, as well of the

* said Sum of one million six hundred thousand Pounds formerly advanced, as of the Sum of one

* million six hundred thousand Pounds before mentioned then to be advanced, amounting in the 1 Whole to the Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, without any Dedubtion, Dif ‘ count, or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of three millions two hundred ‘ thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company,

‘ and their Succeflbrs, of all the Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and ‘ all the Principal and Interest Money which should be owing unto them upon all such Tallies,

‘ Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Com ‘ pany. or their succeltors, should have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of

* such Notice to be given as aforesaid (fuchfunds for Redemption whereof other Provision was made '

‘ in and by the Abts of Parliament therein mentioned, always and only excepted;; then, and in such

‘ Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and de ‘ termine : And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing and con ‘ cented to advance, towards the Supply granted to your Majesty for the Service of the Year one thou ‘ sand seven hundred and sixty four the Sum of one million, on Exchequer Bills bearing Interest at the

* Rate of three Pounds per Cenium per Annum, the said Interest to be paid Quarterly, and the said Ex ‘ chequer Bills to be charged upon, and repaid out of, the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted ‘ by Parliament for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and in case ‘ fulrcient Aids or Supplies shall not be granted for that Purpose before the fifth Day of April one ‘ thousand seven hundred and sixty six, the same to be charged upon, and repaid out of the Sinking

* Fund; and also to pay into his majesty's Exchequer, towards the said Supply, the Sum of one ‘ hundred 'and ten thousand Pounds, without any Repayment of the Principal, or Allowance of ‘ Interest for the same, provided that the Privilege of exclusive Banking, and all other the Abilities,

‘ Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages,

‘ in this or any former Abt contained, be granted and confirmed to the said Governor and Com ‘ pany, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned Now we, your majesty's mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much Safe and Advantage as possible to your Subjects, the necessary Supplies, and to encourage the said Governor and Company to advance the said Sums of one million, and of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds, in the Manner herein after appointed, do moll humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enabled; And be it enabled by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia Commissioners of the ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the vimeb^'re" j!n. Commissioners of his majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, t aireft Exche' or the High Treasurer for the Time being, at any Time or Times before the fifth Day oi January quer Bills to be made out one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, to cause or direbt any Number of Exchequer Bills to be for any Sum not exceed made out for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one million, in ■nfi1 lv°??'oool • the same or like Manner, Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, by them^ltaft" as in and by an Abl'of this present Session of Parliament (entitled. An Acl for continuing and grant Gf thjs Session, concerri ing to his Majcfy certain Duties upon Malt, Muni, Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Year one thou ing Exchequer Bills sand seven hundred and sixty four) are enabled and prescribed concerning the Exchequer Bills to be thereby am homed to made in pursuance of the said Abt. be 1113116 out

II And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Clauses, pro ciaufcs, cm the said viloes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, contained in the

said last mentioned Abt, relating to the Exchequer Bills authorised to be made by the same Abt ex; q - - • ■ - -

cept such Clauses as do charge the same on the Taxes granted by the same Abt, and such Clauses as limit or relate to the ascertaining the Rate of Interest to be paid for the Forbearance of Money lent on the Credit of the said Abt, and also except as herein after mentioned) shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Abt, as fully and effebtually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been originally authorised by the said last mentioned Abt, or as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re enabted in the Body of this Abt.'

III And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Exchequer Bills shall E‘1L to carry 31. per

bear an Interest after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum. cent•intereft

IV Provided always, and be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That no Exchequer Exchequer Bills so issued Bill or Bills to be made out by virtue of this Abt shall, after the same hath or have been ilfued at revei'vedlnpa^'ment'of the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any Time before the fifth Day of April one thousand leven bun cnyofthe pubikktaxes dreo and sixty six, received or taken, or pass or be current to any Receiver or Collebtor in Great before 5 April 1766, Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever, due or payable

to his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, or at the Receipt of the Exchequer, from any such Receiver or Collebtor, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, otherwise, or on any other Account, than for the Discharge and cancelling of such Bills, in case the same shall he,,

2 in

in pursuance of this Ait

1 82

utile's the same be in Course of Payment before the said Day,

The fard Bills to be repaid out of the first Supplies which shall be granted for the Year 17665

or out of the Sinking Fund, if no Supplies be granted before 5 April of that Year,

Moneys htued for that Purpose out of the Sinking Fund, to be replaced out of the first Supplies after,

Bank to exchange for ready Money such of the said ''ftlls as shall be tendered to them before the said 5 April, whh the Interest due thereupon 5

and no Allowance is to be made to be Bank forj the same.

Bank refuting to discharge such Bills,

the Money may be recovered in any of the Courts at Westminster,

with Damages after the rale of 3 51. percent. and full Costs.

Clauses in the Malt Aft of this Session relating to the circulating Exchequer Bills,

C 25." Anno quarto Geo rgi 1 III A. D. 1763.

in due Course or Order of Payment, before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; nor shall any such Receiver or Collector exchange, at any Time before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, for any Money of.such Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill or Bills which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Action be maintained, against any such Receiver or Collector, for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such Bill or Bills for ready Money before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; anything in the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, entitled. An Ail for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Alalt, Mura, Cyder and Perry for the Service of the Tear one thoufandseven hundred and sixty four, or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Exchequer Bills, together with the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall he and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid or born by or out of the first Aids or Supplies which shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and sixty six; and in case sufficient Aids or Supplies for that Purpose shall not be granted before the fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, then all the said Exchequer Bills, with the Interest and Charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon such Moneys as, at any Time or Times at or after the said fifth Day of April, shall be or re.. in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surpluffes, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, and other Revenues composing the Fund commonly called The Sinking Fund (except such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund as shall then be appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf); and such Moneys of the said Sinking Fund shall and may be ill'ued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying oft', cancelling and discharging such Exchequer Bills, Interest and Charges, until the Whole of, them shall be paid off, cancelled and discharged, or Money sufficient for that Purpose be kept and reserved in the Exchequer, to be payable on Demand to the respective Proprietors thereof.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Moneys shall be so issued out of the said Surpluffes, Excesses, Overplus Moneys, or other Revenues composing the Sinking Fund, shall from time to time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be then after granted in Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and' Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, shall and are hereby required to exchange for ready Money, from time to time, all such of the said Exchequer Bills as shall, at any Time or Times before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, be tendered or produced to them, or their Calhier or Cashiers, for that Purpose, by any Person orperfons; and shall pay or cause to be paid to such Person or Persons, in ready Money, the Sum for which every ' such Bill, so tendered or produced, was issued, together with the Interest, after the said Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which shall be then due thereupon; and shall exchange in Manner as aforesaid, such of the said Bills as shall have been, from time to time, paid away or circulated by or on the Behalf of the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, and shall before the said fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty six be tendered or produced, as aforesaid, as often as such Case shall happen; and the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, or their Agents or Servants, shall not be entitled to or receive any Premium, Rate or Allowance whatsoever, for or in respect of the exchanging or circulating the said Exchequer Bills; anything herein or in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in Case the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, or their Cashier or Cashiers, shall neglect or refuse to exchange any such Exchequer Bill or Bills for ready Money as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, upon Demand thereof made at their Chief'office within the City of London, for the Space of twenty-four Hours, then the Person or Persons demanding the same, or the Person or Persons for and on whose Behalf such Demand shall be made, shall and may recover such Money to his, her or their own Use, by Action of Debt or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at ivefminster, wherein no Effoin, pro teftion, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, are indebted to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Money demanded upon the said Bill or Bills, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same; which shall be sufficient; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, Bill, Suit or Information, shall recover against the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, not only the Money so neglected or refused to be paid, but also Damages after the Rate of fifteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, on such Money, together with full Costs of Suit; and the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, and their said Stock and Funds shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Clauses, Powers and provi fiors, ill the said Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, entitled. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Tear

J one

183

A.D... 1763. Anno quarto georgf 1 III C 25.

one thoufand/even hundred and'jixty four, relating to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as (hold contrail by virtue of that Ail with the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for the circulating and exchanging for ready Money the Exchequer Bills by the said Ait authorised to be issued (except the Clause for altering the Rate of Intereil, and such other Parts as are varied by this Ail) shall extend to and open extended to the Bills rate with refpeit to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their succeltors, if!ueij b7 viltue ut in relation to the Exchequer Bills to be made out, exchanged and circulated by virtue of this Ait, "ls Aa in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a Contrail in Writing had been made for that Purpose in the Manner prescribed by the said Act, and as if the said Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, were herein specially re enacted and applied to the Purposes of this Act.

X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company Bank to pay into the ex of the Bank o England and their succeltors, shall advance and pay into the Receipt of his Ma chequer 110, 0001. by jelly's Exchequer, for his majesty's Use, the full Sum of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds, on 23 Aprl 17 or before the twenty-third Day of April one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their succeltors, shall not be entitled to any repayment of the Principal, or Allowance of any Intereil for or in respect of all or any Part of and no Repayment to be the said Sum of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds; and in case the said Governor and Company noade of Principal or in of the Bank of England, or their succeltors, shall make Failure in the said Payment so by this aitf°r'he same, appointed to be made into his majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, the said Sum of one hundred and Bank making Failure, ten thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, remaining unpaid, after the said twenty-third Day of cojere°n'n anjofvhe April one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, shall and may be recovered to his majesty's Use courts at Westminfor; by Aition of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Wcjlminjler, wherein no Efifoin, Proteilion, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Aition, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, that the said Governor and Company, or their succeltors, are indebted to his Majesty the Money of which they shall have made Default in Payment according to the Form of this Statute, and have net paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such a£lion,

Bill, Suit, or Information, there shall be further recovered to his majesty's Use against the said Governor and Company of the said Bank of England, or their successors, Damages after the Rate of with Damages after the twelve Pounds per Centum for the Money so unpaid contrary to this Ait, together with full Costs of 1'perccnt*

Suit; and the said Governor and Company, and their successors, and their said Stock and Funds, an u 0 5" shall be and are hereby made fubjeit and liable thereunto.

X And for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and 3n Consideration of the their successors, to exchange and circulate the said Exchequer Bills, in the Manner and during the Premises wt Time herein before mentioned, and to pay into the Receipt of his majesty's Exchequer the said 1 C '

Sum of one hundred and ten thousand Pounds on or before the Day above limited; and to the end the said Governor and Company, and their successors, may have a competent Recompense and Consideration for so doing; It is hereby declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That Part the pr°v'5on m such Part of the said recited Provision contained in the said Act, made in the fifteenth Year of the gevzttflatin^to^he Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the determining the said Fund of determining their Fund, one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company cof the Bank of England, upon the Notice and Payments therein mentioned, shall be and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and repealed; their Successors for ever, shall remain, continue and be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the and they are continued 3 Name aforesaid, and shall for ever have, receive, and enjoy, the said entire yearly Fund of one b?tb corpore c hundred thousand Pounds out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual Tb IV tpe.‘r..former, .Succession, and Privilege ofexclufive Banking, as herein after is mentioned, and all other Abilities, advantages.rlv' ^ Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are, or before the making of this Act were entitled, by the said Acts of the seventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of her said late Majesty Queen Anne, and the said Act of the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late late Majesty King George the Second, or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament,

Grants or Charters whatsoever now in Force; all which are by this Act ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, freed and discharged of and from the said Proviso and Conditions of Redemption hereby repealed or intended to be repealed as aforesaid, and all other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters and Things whatsoever heretofore had, made, done or committed, for redeeming, determining or making void, the said Corporation or yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Privilege of Ecclufive Banking, and all other their Abilities,

Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages, or any of them; fubjeit nevertheless to such Reflridtions, Rules and Diredlions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters and Things, as in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them now in Force, are contained or prescribed, and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained in this Behalf. Clause of Redemption,

XII Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any with respect to Moneys Time, upon twelve Months Notice after the first Day of August which shall be in the Year of our ^''"ncedbythebank on Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parlia bv?" utonbete*'

Bient to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their succeltors, of the said cired Acts, con the

Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds advanced by virtue of the said in Part recited Terms and Conditions

aftsj here mentioned.

ftct 8 Geo. i, C 2i.

f Geo, 2, St. 2. CI 3.

i Geo, 2. f, 3.

Act : q Geo. a. r, 6.

Privilege of Excluilve Banking granted to the Bank by former Acts, ■confirmed to them;

Abject to the Cfaufe of Redemption before mentioned.

Vote of the House of Commons fagnified by the Speaker deemed fuf £ciont Notice.

Penalty of forgingpowei to transfer any Stock; or to receive any Dividends or Annuities thereon; or the fraudulent j .erfonatingthe Owners thereof 5,

C 25. Anno quarto Georg III A. D. 1763,

Acts, without any Deduction, Discount or Abatement wliatfocver, to be made out of the said Sum of three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon payment to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, of all the Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money which shall be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be in titled to, at the Time of such Notice, to be given as aforesaid; such Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision is made in and by one Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the firs, entitled. An Act to enable the South Sea Company to dispose of the Effects in their Hands by Way of Lottery or Subscription, or to sell Part of their Fund or Ammity payable at the Exchequer, ' in order to pay the Debts of the said Company, and for Relief of such who were intended to have the Benefit of a late Ad touching Payment of ten per Centum therein mentioned; and in and by one other Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty l>y Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, at four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis and Saint Christophers Debentures for Annuities at three per Centum; and for applying the Arrears of his late majfly's Civil Liji Revenues \ and by one other Act of Parlia -- ment, made in the second Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An Act for raising the Sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and by one other Act of Parliament made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, entitled, An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank England, for cancelling certain Exchequer Bills upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for obliging them to advance the Sum of one million upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Malt Duties granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thoufandseven hundred and forty six; always and only excepted; then and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds shall cease and determine.

XIII And, to prevent any Doubts that may arise concerning the Privilege or Power given by former Acts of Parliament to the said Governor and Company ofexclufive Banking, and also in regard to the erecting any other Bank or Banks by Parliament, or restraining other Persons from Banking during the Continuance of the said Privilege granted to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as before recited. It is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority afore said, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that no other Bank shall be erected, established or allowed by Parliament; and that it shall not be lawful for anybody Politic or Corporate whatsoever erected or to be erected, or for any other Persons united or to be united in Covenants or Partnership, exceeding the Number of six Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe or take up, any Sum or Sums of Money, on their Bills or Notes payable at Demand, or at any less Time than six Months from the borrowing thereof, during the Continuance of such said Privilege to the said Governor and Company, who are hereby declared to be and remain a Corporation, with the Privilege of Exclusive Banking as before recited, subject to Redemption on the Terms and Conditions before mentioned; that is to say, On one year's Notice after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and Repayment of the three millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and all Arrears of the one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money that shall be owing them on all fueh Tallies, Exchequer Orders, Exchequer Bills or Parliamentary Funds (such Funds as are before mentioned only and always excepted) which the said Governor and Company, or their successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, or be entitled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given as aforesaid, and. not otherwise; anything in this Act, or any former Actor Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV And it is hereby also enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker of the said House in Writing, and delivered at the public Office of the said Governor and Company, or their successors, shall be deemed and adjudged to be a sufficient Notice, within the Words or Meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ XV And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for more effedlually preventing * the forging Powers to Transfer any such Stock, or to receive such Dividends or Annuities, as ‘ are herein after mentioned, and the fraudulent ■ personating the Owners thereofbe it further r enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, shall forge or counterfeit, or procure .to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully actor assist in the forging or counterfeiting any Letter of Attorney, or other Authority or Instrument, to transfer, assign, sell or convey, any Share or Shares, or any Part of any Share or Shares, of and in any Capital Stock or Stocks of anybody or Bodies Politic or Corporate, which now are, or hereafter shall be, established by any Actor Acts of Parliament; or any Share or Shares, or any Part of any Share or Shares, of and in any Annuities in respect whereof the Proprietors of such Annuities have or shall have transferable! Shares In any Capital Stock or Stocks now established, or which shall hereafter be established by any

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii IIL C 26. 185

Act or Acts of Parliament, in Proportion to their respective Annuities; or any Share or Shares, or any Part of any Share or Shares, of or in any other transferable Annuities which now are or hereafter shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament; or to receive any such Annuity or Annuities, or any Dividend or Dividends attending fuel) Shares, or any of them, or any Part thereof; or flail forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully aft or Assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any the Name or Names of any the Proprietors of any such Share or Shares in Stock, or of any the Persons entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities,

Dividend or dividends as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended Letter of Attorney, Instrument or Authority; or fhnli knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have any such Share or Shares in Stock or Annuities, or any Part thereof, transferred, assigned, sold, or conveyed, or such Annuity or Annuities, Dividend or Dividends, or any Part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged Letter of Attorney, Authority or Instrument;; flail falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real Proprietor of the said Shares in Stock, Annuities and Dividends, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and thereby transferring, or endeavouring to transfer, the Stock or Annuities, or receiving, or endeavouring to receive, the Money of such true and lawful Proprietor, as if such Offender were the true and lawful Owner thereof; then, and in every or any such is Felony without Bene Case, all and every such Person and Persons (being thereof lawfully convicted in due Fdrm t0 er£}'' of Law) flail he adjudged guilty of Felony, and flail fuller as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act flail be deemed, ad Public Aft judged and taken to be a Public Aft, and be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, or other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI

An act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of Hemp, and rough and undrefied Flax, from his majesty's Colonies in America.

r HE RE A S the Encouragement of the Importation of Hemp, aiid rough and undrefied Flax, from his majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, will be a Means of furnishing this Kingdom with Sail ( loth and Cordage (fo essentially neceitary for the Supply of his majesty's Royal ‘ Navy, as well as for Ships employed in the Merchants Service) at more reasonable Rates than at pre C sent, and will also tend to make the Supply of the said Materials cheaper and less precarious, and be ‘ Means of employing and enriching his majesty's Subjects within the said Colonies and Planta ‘ tions : ' May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of 'June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every Person or Persons who flail, within the Time appointed by this Act, import or cause to be imported into this Kingdom, directly from any of his majesty's English Colonies or Plantations in America, in any Ship or Ships that may lawfully trade to his majesty's Plantations, manned as by Law as required, any Hemp Water rotted, bright and clean, or any rough and undrefied Flax, shall have and enjoy as a Reward or Premium for such Importation, the following Sum; that is to say,

Preamble.

For former Laws relating hereto, refer to 33 H. 8. C 17. 1 5 Car. 2. C 15.

7 ©* 8 W. 3. C 39.

1 Ann. St. 2. C 8.

16 Geo, 2,. C 26.

Bounty allowed upon the Importation of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax from the British American Plantations,

For every Tonne of such Hemp, or rough or undressed Flax, so imported from the twenty-fourth viz. SI. per Tonne for all Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou imported between 24 sand seven hundred and seventy one, the Sum of eight Pounds Sterling. June 176431^ 24 June

For every Tonne of such Hemp, or rough or undressed Flax, so imported from the twenty-fourth 61. per Tonne for all Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy one to the twenty-fourth Day of June one imported between 24 thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, the Sum of six Pounds Sterling. ' June 1771 and 24 June

1778;

And for every Tonne of such Hemp, or rough or undrefied Flax, imported from the twenty-fourth and 41. per Tonne for all Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight to the twenty-fourth Day of June one imported between 24 thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, the Sum of four Pounds Sterling. June 177s and 24 Juns

>7s5 i

To be paid upon Demand to the Importer of such Hemp or Flax, by the Collector of the Port where to be paid by the Col

the same fltall he imported, out of the Customs: And in case the Collector of the Port, where the leflor at the Port of Im

same flail be imported, shall not have Money sufficient in his Hands, he is hereby required to cer Porta, n 5

tify the same to the Commissioners of the Customs, who flail cause the same be paid by the Reor upon his want of Mo

ceiver General of his majesty's Customs; the Bounty of the Hemp and flax imported into England,

to be paid by the receiver-general of the Customs in England, and of that imported into Scotland, °

to be paid by the receiver-general there.

II And to the end a particular Benefit may accrue hereby to his majesty's Royal Navy, and for The preemption or re the better Supply of the same with Naval Stores, Be it further enacted. That upon the Importation fufalof such Hempor of any such Hemp or rough and undrefied Flax from his majesty's said Colonies and Plantations, Flax to be tendered to for which a Reward or Premium is hereby granted, the preemption or Refusal of such Hemp or N°7V™ '3n "

V ol. IX B b fjax 5

A. D. 1763.

f they hall not contract for the same within 20 Days, Importer is at Liberty to dispose of it otherwise.

Certificate to be produced at the Port of Importation of such Hemp or Flax being the Growth and Produce of the bri tifij Colonies, C

Oaths to be administered upon that Occasion.

Officers of the Customs to examine whether such Hemp and Flax is good and merchantable

In case of Doubt about the Quality of such as frail be imported into London,

Commissioners of the Customs may call in two fkttful Peifons, who Shall give their Opinion upon Oath 5

and upon like Doubts in the Out Ports, Samples to be sent up to London, or Edinburgh to be in fpe£ted and adjudged there.

C 26. Anno quarto Georgii III

Flax shall be offered and tendered to the Commissioners of his majesty's Navy, upon landing the same; and if within the Term of twenty Days after such Tender the said Commissioners shall not contrail or bargain for the same, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Owner or Owners, of the said Hemp or Flax, otherwise to dispose of ‘the same for his or their best: Profit and Advantage.

III And, in order to entitle the Importer of such Hemp and Flax to the Premium granted by this Act, and to prevent Frauds by importing foreign Hemp and Flax, Be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons importing any such Hemp or Flax into Great Britain, Shall produce to the Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs a Certificate or Certificates under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Colledtor of his majesty's Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, residing and being within any of his majesty's Colonies and Plantations that before the Departure of such Ship or ve/tel, Ships or Vessels, the Person or Persons, Merchant, Trader or Factor loading the same, had made Oath before them, that the said Hemp or Flax so slipped on board (exprefiing in the said Certificate, the Number, Marks and Packages of such Hemp and Flax) were truly and bona side of the Growth and Produce of his majesty's said Colonies and Plantations; which Oatii the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Colledtor of his majesty's Customs, and Naval Officer, or any two of them, are hereby authorised to administer;; lilcewife upon Oath to be made in any Port of Great Britain, by the Master or Matters of such Ship or Vefi'el, Ships or Vessels, importing such Hemp and Flax, that the same were truly laden on board such Ship or ve/tel, Ships or Vessels, within some of his majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, and that he or they know or believe that the said Hemp and Flax were the Produce of the said Colonies or Plantations.

IV And, that the Officers of the Customs may be the better able to discover any Frauds intended for receiving the aforesaid Premium, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Officers, and they are hereby required before they make out any such Certificate, to examine the said Hemp and Flax, by opening each Package, a: 'd stuffing the same, in such Manner as to see the whole Contents, or by such other Means as they shall think proper, to find out and discover whether the said Hemp is Water rotted, bright and clean, and the said Flax is good and merchantable, and free from any false Mixture.

V Provided always, That in Case any Doubt or Dispute Shall arise between the Surveyors or Officers of the Customs, and the Owners or Importers of such Hemp or Flax as is imported into the Port of London, as to the Quality of the same, it Shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his majesty's Customs to cal! two or more Merchants, Manufacturers, or others well/killed in the Commodity, who shall declare upon Oath, if required, their Opinion as to the Quality of the same, and according to the best of their Judgement determine whether the said Hemp or Flax is in titled to the Premium hereby granted or not: And if any Doubt or Dispute Shall arise as to the Quality of any Hemp or Flax imported into any of the Cut Ports in England, Samples thereof Shall betaken, and sent up to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, and into the Out Ports in Scotland, to the Commissioners of the Customs at Edinburgh; in such Manner as the respective Commissioners shall direst, in order to be infpebted and adjudged there as before mentioned.

Officers to take no See VI And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fee, Gratuity or Retvarcl for doing their Duty, Shall be demanded, taken or received by any Officer of his majesty's Customs, for examining, viewing or delivering such Hemp or Flax, with respect to the Premium or Reward allowed by this AH; or for the ftgning any of the Certificates in order to die receiving such Premium or re on Penalty of being inward, or for paying the same; and any such Officer demanding or talcing such Fee or Reward hall in^ioot^ nd foifclt'for such Offence forfeit his Office, and such Officer shall also be incapable of serving his Majesty, lng 100 ' his Heirs and Succeflbrs, and hall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

Premium allowed on the VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Hemp or Flax of the Importation, to be repaid Growth of the British) Colonies or Plantations in America shall, after the twenty-fourth Day of on the Exportation June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, be exported from Greed Britain \ that then, and'

*hercofi in every such Case, the Person or Persons so exporting the same shall, before the Entry thereof, pay

unto the Collector of the Customs at the Port where the same shall be exported, or to the Chief Officer of the Customs there, the full Sum which is by this AH allowed as a Premium on all such Hemp or Flax as he intends to export, over and above any Duty the same is now by Law fubjeh to ■ pay at Exportation by any AH. and Officer to make him VIII Provided always, I hat the said collehor or Chief Officer of the Customs, upon receiving self Debtor for the same, of such Premium from the Exporter of such Hemp or Flax as aforesaid, charge himself with the and the Commissioners to Money so received, or with the said Premium; and the Commissioners of his majesty's Customs are see the same brought to to take particular Care that the same be duly brought to the Account of his Majesty, by such Col account. lehor or Chief Officer as aforesaid _ ' '

Hemp and Flax as IX And be it further enahed by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, their shall be fraudulently ex Agents or Assigns, fnall be found fraudulently to export such Hemp or Flax without Paying such ported without paying Premium to the collehor or Chief Officer of the Customs in Manner aforesaid, such Person or per the Premium, is forfeit fils forfeit and lose all such Hemp and Flax, and double the Value thereof; one Moiety

e ' wit ou e a u°‘ whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Prosecutor; to be prosecuted in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at ifejlminjler, 3 or

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgi 1 III C 27. 187

or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland rcfpectively, wherein no eftoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

X Provided always. That if any Doubt or Dispute fnall arise, whether any of the Hemp or ^ case of Doubt with

Flax, or any Part thereof foto be exported, are of the Growth, Product or Manufacture of his refpc<a t0 the pl3_ce of majesty's Plantations n America, or of foreign Growth, Product or Manufacture, the Onus ^

bandi shall lie on the Owner or Claimer thereof, and not on the Informer or Prosecutor;; Law, Proof to lie on theocv custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. ner.

XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Master or Owner of Matter receiving foreign

any Ship or Vessel shall clandestinely import, or ree'eive in such Ship or Vessel to be imported into Hemp or Flax on board; Great Britain, any Hemp or Flax, knowing the same to be foreign Hemp or Flax, and shall de nd d5ro3ndlns'&c the mand or receive for any such foreign Hemp or Flax the Reward or Premium hereby granted, such 10° °

Mailer or Owner shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in

Manner as aforesaid; and the Ship or Vessel in which such foreign Hemp or Flax hall be so fraudulently imported, with all her Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture, shall be forfeited to the king's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Directions and commencement and Provisions in this Ait shall commence and take Effedf from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June Continuance of this Act. one thousand leveii hundred and sixty four, and shall continue and be in Force, from the said twenty rfourth Day of June, for the Term of twenty-one Years and no longer.

CAP. XXVII

An Act for granting for a limited Time, a Liberty to carry Rice from his majesty's Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the Arid Provinces, subject to the like Duty as is now paid on the Exportation of Rice from the said Colonies to Places in Europe situate to the Southward of Cape Finisterre.

HERE AS by an A 61 made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her late Ma Preamble, reciting

jesty Queen Anne, entitled, An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on jvines Clauses in Aft 3 So 4 4 and Merchandizes imported, all Rice of the Growth or rrodudlion of the English Plantations in Aim. C 3,

4- America, ajia or Africa, is obliged to be imported into England, jvales, or Berwick upon Tweed,.

4 or to some other of the said Plantations, under such Securities and Penalties as other enumerated 4 Goods or Commodities of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said Plantations are 4 subject to, by an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the i2car, 2, C : S,

4 Second, entitled. An All for encouraging and encrcaftng of Shipping and Navigation, or by another 4 Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King, entitled, An Act for scar. s. C 7,

4 the Encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better securing the Plantation 4 Trade: And whereas an Act was made in tine third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 3 Geos. C is.

4 George the Second, entitled. An Act for granting Liberty to carry Ricefrom his Majejlf s Province 4 Carolina in America, direlily to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre: And whereas s Geo, z, C ia,

4 by an'act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, the Liberty granted by the 4 said at of the third Year of his said Majesty was extended to his majesty's Province of Georgia 4 in America: And whereas very great Advantages have arisen fro n the Powers given by the said 4 acts; and there is great Reason to apprehend, that not only the Produce of Rice in those Parts,

4 but that also the Exportation thereof would he greatly increased for the mutual Benefit of this

4 Kingdom and the said Provinces, if notwithstanding the Laws relating to Navigation and Trade

4 to and from the Plantations, Liberty or Licence was granted for Ships built in Great Britain, or

4 in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to load Rice in either of the said Provinces, and to

4 carry the same directly to any Part of America to the Southward of the said Provinces of Carolina

4 or Georgia, without bringing the same first to Great Britain, as the Laws now require; whereby

4 the same will arrive at such Places, in a seasonable Condition, for the Consumption thereof: For

4 this End and for providing proper Securities for your majesty's Duties, and for preventing any

4 Prejudice or Damage to this'nation which might happen thereby from any unlawful Commerce

4 between the Plantations and any other foreign Countries, as to'any other enumerated Commodi

4 ties or otherwise, ' May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the king's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That the said at, passed in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of Act 3 & 4. Ann. C 5.

her said late Majesty, so far as the same extends to the making of Pvice, of the Growth and Produce with respect to making

of his majesty's Plantations in America, an enumerated Commodity, shall be and is hereby ratified *pce of the Entifli Ame

and confirmed as to all Persons, Ships, Vessels or Places, in all Respects whatsoever; except as to melted commodity

such of the said Rice, as by the said acts of the third and eighth Years of his said Majesty King confirmed;

George the Second, and by this Act are and hall be permitted or allowed to be exported from his except as to such as by majesty's Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia in America, by such Persons, and in such Ships ^ctf .3 & 8 Geo. a. and and vessels, and to such foreign Countries and Places, and under such Entries, Securities, reftric gte

B k? tioils, Carolina and Georgia, CC

27.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763,

tions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein after particularly described, appointed, limited and enacted for that Purpose.

Rice may be loaded on II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the twenty-ninth board Ships navigated ac Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, it Shall' and may, be lawful, notwithstand

L '.....J" " ■' ' his majesty's Subjects, in

America, or belonging to Shall clear outwards in any ice in the said Provinces,

and to carry the same directly to any Parts of America Southward of South Carolina or Georgia, without carrying the same to any other of his majesty's Plantations in America, or to Great Britain; the

any Parts of America Southward of the said Colonies $

the Matter first taking out a Licence;

which is to be granted upon a Certificate that Bond has been given.

that no enumerated

4 Months.

Licence to be produced at the Port of Arrival;

and a Certificate of Arrival to be thereupon granted the Matter 5

Mailer or other Person having or taking Charge of such Ship or veltel, before (he clears Outwards, first taking a Licence, under the Hand of the Governor of the respective Province for the Time being, for the carrying the same from the said Provinces respectively to some Part of America Southward of the said Provinces as aforesaid, •, Licence the said Governors respectively are hereby authorised and required to grant, upon a Certificate from the Colledlor or Comptroller of the Port where such Licence shall be desired, certifying that Bond has been given (which Bonds such col ledtor or Comptroller respectively is hereby authorised and required to take) with one or more sufficient Security, in the Sum of one thous .nd Pounds if the Ship he of less Burden than one hundred Tonnes, and the Sum of two thousand Pounds if the Ship Shall be of that or a greater Burden, that no Tobacco, Sugars, Cotton Wool, Indigo, Ginger, Fuftick or other dying Wood, Mo gooch halt be taken on ]asses. Tar, Pitch, Turpentine, Hemp, Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, Copper Ore, Beaver Skins or boatt1' other Furs of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of any British Plantation in Amer ica, Shall

he loaden of taken on board such Ship or Vessel at South Carolina or Georgia, or'any other of his unless for necessary Pro majesty's Plantations in America, unless it be for the neeeflary Provisions of the Ship in their voy visions of the Ship; age ant] that such Ship or Vessel, after Landing the said Rice by Virtue of such Licence, shall re return toftme ofrtie * jurn t0 id Provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, or proceed to some Port in any of his Ma bntifh Colonics within jesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, within the Space of four Calendar Months from the 'Lime of clearing out at such Port respectively; and that every Master or other Person taking Charge of such Ship or Vessel, for which such Licence shall be obtained for carrying Rice to any Parts of America Southward of the said Provinces of South Carolina or Georgia, Shall produce such Licence to the Colledlor or Comptroller, or other proper Officer at such Port as he shall arrive at in any of his majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America; which said Colledlor or Comptroller, or other proper Officer, is and are hereby authorised and required to give to the said Master a Certificate, certifying the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at such Port within the Time herein before upon producing whereof ]jmited and appointed; and that in case the said Certificate be produced to the Collector or comp within IX Months, the troller of the said Provinces respectively within twelve Calendar Months, the Bond taken as afore n lst0 e 1 C aree * fviid Shall be cancelled and given up, otherwise such Bond Shall be forfeited to his Majesty, and Shall and may be sued and prosecuted in any Court of Record in the said Provinces respectively.

III And in order to ascertain the true Quantity of Rice exported from the said Provinces, pursuant to such Licence, and the Liberty granted by this Act, Be it enacted by the Authority Exporter to make an En aforesaid, That before the same Shall be shipped or put on board, the Merchant or other Person try of the Rice before exporting the same, shall make an Entry thereof in Writing with the Colledlor of his majesty's

ihipping; Customs, and the Naval Officer, and also with the Comptroller (where there is such an Officer),

and thereupon there Shall be payable to his Majesty so much as the Half Subsidy of the Rice so Ihipped in South Carolina or Georgia Shall amount unto, which would have remained in case the said and pay the half Subsidy Rice had been first imported into Great Britain, and afterwards re exported; and the Colledlor of before Clearance. the Port in which such Ship Shall be entered to sail, may and shall demand the full Sum due for the half Subsidy for all the Rice mentioned in such Entry; which said Payment shall be well and truly made to the Colledlor of such Port respectively, at or before the said Ship or veltel obtains the Coquet of such Entry to Clearance; and the Merchant or other Person exporting such Rice Shall also take out a Certificate he taken out, and the or Coquet of such Entry, and Shall before the Rice be shipped or put on hoard, endorse on the back

^ndmfcdtheteon^ t0 lech Coquet or Certificate the true Quantity intended to be Ihipped, mentioning the Marks, which is to be delivered Number and Contents of each Calk; and hall deliver the Coquet so endorsed to the Searcher or to the Searcher. other Officer appointed for examining and shipping thereof; and if, upon the weighing and ex

If the Quantity he found amining the Rice brought or intended to be shipped by virtue of such Coquet or Certificate, before

fnclorfed*13" ** f or after the r*'pp'ns thereof, the Quantity Shall appear to be greater than is endorsed thereon; or if or rice'be put on hoard any R'ce shall be laden or put on board any Ship or Vessel having Liberty to trade by virtue of before Entry, or in any this Act, or any Hoy, Lighter, Bottom, Boat or other Vessel, in order to be put on board such other veltel, in order to Ship or Vessel before such Entry, or taking out such Coquet, and indorfing and delivering the same he fraudulently ihipped; as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; all such Rice, so Ihipped or intended such Rice, together with t0 shipped, Shall be forfeited, as also the Hoy, Lighter, Bottom, Boat or other Vessel employed tove forfeited in<'rein' in shipping the same; and the Owner of such Rice or other Person employed in Clipping the same, and also Treble ths Va shall aifo forfeit treble the Value thereof, to be recovered in the Court of Vice Admiralty held in any of his majesty's Plantations in America, or in any Court of Record in any of his majesty's Plantations in America, at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor; one third Part thereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one third Part to the Governor of the said Provinces respectively, and the other one third to the Informer or Prosecutor.

IV And

luc.

Recovery and Application of the Forfeiture.

A. D. 1763: Anno quarto Georg] 1 III C 28. 189

IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall continue for to be in Force for 5 five Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, anj yrs frcm 24 June from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.. 17

* V And whereas great Quantities of foreign Molalles and Syrups are clandestinely run on ‘ Shore in the British Colonies, to the Prejudice of the Revenue, and the great Detriment of the ‘ Trade of this Kingdom and its American Plantations; ' To remedy which Practises for the future,

Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of Sep From and after 29 Sept. tember one thousand seven hundred and sixty four. Bond and Security, in the like Penalty, shall *764. where anynon a'so be given to the Collector or other Principal Officer of the Customs, at any Port or Place in any r; ce^natli ce fh°ipdcii°r of the British American Colonies or Plantations, with one Surety besides the Matter of every Ship or Eond and security is to Vettel that shall lade or take on board there any Goods not particularly enumerated in the said Acts, be given, being the Product or Manufacture of any of the faij Colonies or Plantations, or Rice, by virtue of a Licence under this present Add, with Condition, that in case any Molafies or Syrups, being the that any foreign Molafies Produce of any of the Plantations not under the Dominion of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeii'ors, r Syrup on board shall shall he laden on board such Ship or Vessel, the same shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies ex p'aud to fomtof^he eri cepted) be brought, without Fraud or wilful Diminution, by the said Ship or Veiled, to some of tifh Colonies, or to Great his majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, or to some Port in Great Britain, and that the Britain;

Matter or other Person having the Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall immediately upon his Arrival of which Report is to be at any Port or Place in Great Britain, or in the British American Colonies and Plantations, make a at te Port of Ar" just and true Report of all the Goods laden on board such Ship or Vessel, under their true and pro r a ' per Denominations; and if any such non enumerated Goods, or Rice as before mentioned, shall he non enumerated Goods, laden on board any such Ship of Vefld before such Bond shall be given, the Goods so laden, toge and Rice, laden before there with the Ship or Vefld, and her Furniture, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by gwmg Bond, are forfeited, any Officer of the Customs, and prosecuted, sued for and recovered in any Court of Record, or in any Court of Admiralty in the said Colonies or Plantations where such Offence shall be committed, or in any Court of Vice Admiralty which may or shall be appointed over all America (which Court of Admiralty, or Vice Admiralty, are hereby respectively authorised and required to proceed, hear and determine the same) at the Election of the Informer or Prosecutor.

VI And it is hereby further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures so recovered there, under this or any former Ad of Parliament, shall be divided, paid and applied as follows; that is to say, After deduding the Charges of Prosecution from the gross Produce thereof; one third Part of the Net Produce shall be paid into the Hands of the Collector of his majesty's Customs at the Port or Place where such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered, for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors; one third Part to the Governor or commander in Chief of the said Colony or Plantation, and the other third Part to the Person who shall seize, inform and sue for the same.

together with the Vetfel#

Dlvifion and Application of ihe Penalties.

CAP. XXVIII

An Act to enable his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to order the Importation of Provisions from Ireland, during the next Recess of Parliament, under certain Restrictions and Regulations therein mentioned.

‘ TET HERE AS the Price of Provisions is at present high, and may become higher; that (t preamwe<

‘ yv greatly sfteds the poor People, and will tend to hurt the Trade and Manufactures of this

‘ Kingdom if not timely prevented; ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;;

be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and temporal,"and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by

the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty during the next Recess His Majesty enabled,

or Parliament, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, from time to time to order, permit p‘1 Coundl° to'order

and authprize the free Importation of salted Beef, salted Pork, Bacon and Butter from Ireland into ti, e importation of Salt

this Kingdom, as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, shall think convenient and needful, and as the Provisions from Ireland,

Necessity of the Times my require, and in such Manner as his Majesty shall think fit to direct; any during the Recess of

Thing in any Ad or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. Parliament;

II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons shall be and are and all Persons are ex

hereby exempted, freed and discharged from the Payment of all Subsidies, Customs, Rates, Duties empted from Payment of and other Impositions, and also from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Payments and Puniftiments, for or duties, and from penal upon account of importing or bringing such Provisions from Ireland into this Kingdom, for such 0

Time or Times as his Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, shall by his Royal 1 '

Proclamation think fit to order, permit and authorise to be imported; any Ad or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

III And to the Intent that the Revenue may not be prejudiced by the Importation of salted other than the following Provisions from Ireland, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid;; there shall be paid to Duties to the commifli such Officer as the Commissioners for the Duties on Salt for the Time being shall appoint at the °ners for the Duties II Port in England, into which any salted Beef, Pork, Bacon or Butter, shall in pursuance of his Ma at'

jesty's Royal Proclamation, be imported from Ireland as aforesaid, and before any Part thereof shall be delivered out to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong or be conftgned, the Sum

C 29.

Anno quarto G e o r g i i III

A. D. 1763.

3 s. 4<). per Barrel of three Shillings and fourpence for every Barrel or Cask of salted Beef or Pork, to be imported

Pmt. during the Continuance of this Act, containing thirty-two Gallons, and foin Proportion for any

greater or Idler Quantity; and for every Hundred Weight of faked Beef, called Dried Beef, or Dried Neats Tongues, or Dried Hogmeat, the Sum of one Shilling and threepence; and the Sum of fourpence for every Hundredweight of all such salted Butter, and foin Proportion for any

greater or less Quantity than an Hundred Weight; as or for Custom, or for Duty on or in refpeci

which is to be paid over thereof; the Money so arising by the Importation of the said salted Beef, Pork or Butter, to be paid into the Exchequer as into his majesty's Exchequer as Part of the Duties on Salt, laid on by an Add in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and continued by several subsequent Acts.

IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall, during the next Recess of Parliament, land any such salted Beef, Pork or Butter, or any salt Bees called Dried Beef, or Dried Neats Tongues, or Dried Hogfmeat into this Kingdom from Ireland, before Payment of the Duty or Duties by this Act specified and directed, the same shall be forfeited and lost, and twenty Shillings per Barrel for every Barrel thereof, and foin Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, being an Officer or Officers of the Customs, or of his majesty's Duties upon Salt, to take and seize all such Commodities as shall be imported and landed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this at, together with the Casks, Vessels and Package containing the same; and that all such Penalties and Forfeitures filial 1 be distributed in Manner following; that is to say, one Adoiety thereof to the King, his Heirs and Succeilors, and the other Moiety rhereof to the Person or Persons who shall i'eize, sue or inform for the same; to he recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his adajefly's Courts of Record at Westminster.

V Provided always, That no Drawback fltall be allowed or paid for any such salted Beef or Pork so imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, and which shall be exported from hence elsewhere.

VI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit shall be

commenced against: any Person or Persons for any Tiling done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act: And if it shall appear foto have been done, ttie Jury fltall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff fltall be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be

given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and

may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

VII Provided always, and it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Acl,

so the granting imports that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorise the free Importation, of salted Beef, salted tion of Provisions from p0rk. Bacon or Butter from Ireland, unless when the Price of the belt Ox Beef in Smithfield Marre

"' ket shall exceed threepence per Pound for the four Quarters, and unless the Price of the best Pieces

of such Beef shall exceed fourpence per Pound at Leaden Hedl Market, and unless the Price of the hest Pork fltall exceed fourpence per Pound, the best Bacon seven Pence per Pound, and of the' best Butter shall exceed nine Pence per Pound, at Leaden Hall Market aforesaid.

VIII Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order, Perntiffion or Authority for the Importation of Butter from Ireland into this Kingdom, shall be given or granted till after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

for Beef or Poxk;

is. 3d. per C vt. for. all Dried Beef, Neats Tongues and Hogmeat $ and 4d. per C wt. for all Salted Eutter;

Part of the Duties on Salt.

Any of the said provisions being landed without Duty is lirflrpaid, are forfeited with 20s. per Barrel,

p.eeovery and Application of the Penalties.

No Drawback to be allowed on Exportation clfewhcre.

General Issue

Treble Colls.

lieftriflions with respect

No Order, C for Importation to take Place before j June 1764.

CAP. XXIX

An Acl for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulf and River of Saint Lawrence, and on the Coasts of his majesty's Colonies in Jmerica.

Preamble; * ' T HER EAS a considerable Whale Fishery has been aifeovered in the Gulf and River

C VV of Saint Lawrence, and has been carried on with Success, but is still capable of Imptove ‘ meiit: And whereas it would contribute greatly to the Encouragement of the said Fishery, if che C Duty now payable on the Importation of Whale Fins, taken from Whales caught in the said ‘ Gulf and River of Saint Lawrence, or in any Seas on the Coasts of any of his mnjesty's Colo 5 nies in America, were, for a competent Time, lefiened and reduced; We your majesty's most C dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, desirous to ‘ improve the Advantages that have accrued to your majesty's Subjects from the Ceffiuns made by Fr; m the puffing this C the late Peace, most humbly beseech your Adajesty that it may be enacted;; ' be it enacted by Aft to 25dsc. 1770, tpe kjng's tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Whale Fins taken from That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, from and after the passing of this j vvbaio caught by Rririff, Act, at any Time before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seventy,!

fmbjiiils in the Gulf or

Oliver pf Saint Lawrence, or on the Coasts of the British Colonics, mzy be imported in British Ships duly navigated,

and

A.D... 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III €.30, 291

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, to import in Ships belonging to his majesty's Subjects (whereof the Captain or Mailer, and three fourth parts of the Mariners, are his majesty's Subjects) Whale Fins taken from Whales caught by any of his majesty's Subjects in the Gulf or River of Saint Lawrence, or in any Seas on the Coasts of any of his majesty's Colonies in America, without paying any Custom, Subsidy, or Duty for the same, other pay^g no other Duty, than and except the Rate or Duty commonly called The Old Subsidy, granted by an Act made in than t*je 01^ Subsidy the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, entitled, An asl for the encou y A "ascar« ragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better fiecurtng the Plantation Trade, for " and during the said Term; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That nothing in this Act con the Matter first making tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to allow the Importation of Whale Fins with h, at the Port ofins cut paying any Custom, Subsidy or Duty, other than and except the said Rate or Duty com p°rt, atl°n; °!lthe truth monly called The Old Subsidy, unless the Captain, Mailer, or other Commanding Officer of the 1 C Kmi cs‘

Ship or Vessel, or the Person importing the same, shall first make Oath before one of the Principal Officers of the Customs in the Port or Ports of Importation (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer such Oath) that all the Whale Fins imported in such Ship or Vessel were, to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, really and Iona side the Sins of Whales caught and taken in the Gulf or River of Saint Lawrence, or in the Seas on the Coasts of some of his majesty's Colonies in America, by the Crew of such Ships and Vessels only, whereof the Owner or Owners, the Captain or Mailer, and three Fourth Parts of the Mariners, were his majesty's Suhjefts.

CAP. XXX

An Act for applying the Money granted in this Session of Parliament, for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds has been granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing for the Militia, for one Year, from the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four : ' In order therefore that the Charge of Pay and Clothing for such Militia may be duly and properly defrayed and satisfied;; it. enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every County, Riding or Place, within that Part of Great Britain called England, where the Militia is or shall be raised, the Receiver or Receivers Generai of the Land Tax of such County, Riding or Place respectively, shall issue and pay the whole Sums required, in the Manner and for the several Uses herein after mentioned) that is to say, For the Say of the.said Militia for four Calendar Months in Advance, at the Rate of six Shillings a Day for each Adjutant, where an Adjutant is appointed; and at the Rate of one Shilling for each Sergeant, with the Addition of two Shillings and sixpence a Week for each Sergeant Major, where a Sergeant Major is appointed; and at the Rate of sixpence a Day for each Drummer, with the Addition of sixpence a Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and also at the Rate of sixpence a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for defraying contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or independent'company of Militia; 'one penny whereof shall be applied to defraying the Hospital Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company, during the Time of the Mens being from Home, upon Account of their Annual Exercise; and also for Haifa year's Salary for the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia belonging to such County, Riding or Place, at the Rate of fifty Pounds a Year; and also for the respective Allowances to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and Clerks of the several Subdivilion Meetings, at the Rates following; that is to say, To the Clerk of the General Meetings, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each Meeting; and to the several Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, at the Rate ofone Pound one Shilling for each Meeting; and also for the Clothing of the Militia for such County, Riding or Flace, after the Rate of three Pounds ten Shillings for each Sergeant, and two Pounds for each Drummer, with the Addition of one Pound for each Sergeant Major, and each Drum Major; and with respect to the Private Militia Men, where the Militia hath been embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloatbed within three Years, at the Rate of one Pound ten Shillings for each Private Man.

II Provided nevertheless, That in any County, Riding or Place, where Pay has not been yet issued for the Militia, no Pay shall be i{tued until his majesty's Lieutenant, or in his Absence, any three Deputy Lieutenants, of any such County, Riding or Place, shall have certified to the com missioner of his majesty's Treasury, and to the receiver-general of the Laird Tax, that three Fifths of the Number of Private Militiamen of such County, Riding or Place, have been enrolled, and that three Fifths of the Proportion of their Commission Officers have accepted their commissions, and entered their Qualifications as by Law required.

III And

Where the Militia is oj shall be raised, the receiver-general of the County is to issue four Months Pay in Advance according to the efta blifhment of Pay her set down 5

with half a year's Salary to the Regimental and Battalion Clerks; and the Allowances to the Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings;

and pay for Clothing of the Militia.

The above Sums are nofi to be paid, if Pay has not before been issued, till the Lord Lieutenant or Deputies shill have certified to the Treasury and receivers General the inrojment of 3 Fifths of the Men and Ofiicen»

C

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

The Money is to he III And be it enacted, That all such Sums of Money aforesaid, except such as shall be due to the fe paij by the Receiver Ge veral Clerks of the Meetings aforesaid, shall, where the Militia has never been embodied, be paid by the niral to the Clerk of the fojj Rccejvcr or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Re

Regiment or Battalion (except the Allowances to (he Clerks of the Meetings) upon producing the Warrant of his Appointment j

and for Independent Companies, to the respective Captains, or to their Orders;

giments or Battalions of Militia belonging to such County, Riding or Place, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of his mr jefly's Lieutenant for such respective County, Riding or Place; and where the Militia has been embodied, into tile Elands of the Clerk or Clerks of the Regiments or Battalions, upon his or their producing his or their Warrant or Warrants of Appointment to such Office, under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or where there is no Colonel, of the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion respectively, notwithstanding such Militia shall have been disembodied;; where the Militia shall be formed into an Independent Company, or independent Companies, such Sums as aforesaid (hail be paid by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Hands of the respective Captain of each Independent Company of Militia, or to such Personas such refpeffiive Captain shall authorise to receive the same, according to the Number of Persons hereby entitled to receive Pay and Clothing, of which such Regiment or Regiments, Battalion or Battalions, Independent ■ Company or Independent Companies, shall have been appointed to consist, according to the efta blifhment laid down in Act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An A SI to explain, amend, and reduce into one AS of Parliament, the several Laws now in Being, relating to the railing and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; and such Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the third Calendar Month from the Time of the said first Payment, make a second Payment for and a third within three four Calendar Months in Advance; and shall also, within fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Months after the second. third Calendar imonth from the Time of the said second Payment, make a third Payment for four Calendar Months in Advance, for the Pay and contingent Expenses of the Militia, and for the Allowances to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk or Clerks aforesaid, in the Proportions herein before mentioned; and the Receipts of such Clerk or Clerks, and of such Captain of an Independent Company or Captains of Independent Companies, or of such Person or Persons as such Captain or

according to the efta blifhment laid down in the Militia Ad' of z Geo, 3. C zo.

A second Payment is also to be made within three Months after the first j

Receipts of the Persons to whom the Money

shall be so paid, discharge Captains shall so authorise to receive such Money as aforesaid, shall he a sufficient Discharge the Receivers General, t0 fuci Rece; ver or Receivers General of the Land Tax for the several Sums of Money so by him

or them paid.

The Regimental and Battalion Clerks are to pay in Advance one Month's Pay to the Adjutant; and two each Captai Sergeants., Drummers,

IV And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall forthwith

and

after the Receipt of such Sums of Money as aforesaid, pay, or cause to be paid, one Calendar month's Pay in Advance to the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion respectively, and to the Captain or Commanding Officer of each Company belonging to such Regiment or Battalion two > Months Pay to Months Pay in Advance for the Sergeants, Drummers, and the contingent Expenses of his refpec ptain, for the tive Company; out of which said contingent Money each Captain shall pay to the Commanding Officer of each Regiment or Battalion one Penny a Month for each Private Man and Drummer, for

contingent Expenses the defraying the Expenses of the Hospital;; also to the Commanding Officer of the Company

he fair! Comcanv :. i • 1.. 1 _ o •. a r •. _ tn ni n 1111 a * .1. n a i r r i

of the said Company; t0 w, jch the Sergeant Major and Drum Major shall belong, two Months Pay in Advance for such

manyone°penny per" Sergeant and Drum Major; and so from time to time so long as any Money on that Account shall Month out cf the con remain in his Hands : Which Pay every such Captain or Commanding Officer is hereby required tingent Money, towards to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company, by this A! entitled to receive the same, as charges of the Hospital j jt fla]] become due; and shall, once in every Year, give in to the Clerk of the Regiment or batta maior°anddrum Major; 'on t0 which such Company shall belong, or, if Captain of an Independent Company, to the re to be paid to the Com ' ceiver General, an Account of the several Payments he shall have made in pursuance of this at, manding officer of the according to the Following Form :

Pompany to which they

belong: Captains to distribute the Pay accordingly; and account for the same yearly to the Clerk or receiver-general, if an Independent Company according to the following Form j

County

C 30.

*93

Count of

To Cash received of Mr. Regimental

or Battalion Clerk, or Re ceiver General, as the Case Shall be. for two Months pay/in advance

Dr.

„ £• Re 1

Rei 'be $

Per Contra

Cr.

Paid Sergeant for Days

Pay from the of to

the of following

Ditto as sergeant major (if one in the \

Company) — — — — £

Paid Sergeant for Days

Pay from the of to

the of following

Paid Drummer Days

at 6d. from the of to the

of following.

Ditto as drum major (if one in the i Company)?

Paid Drummer Days from ^

the of to the

following -- -- --

Two Months Contingencies for Men and two Drummers at f. per C Month each 5

1

And hall pay hack to the said Clerk, or to the receiver-general, as the Case shall be,, the Surplus Par b?ck t, ‘es "rif

any) of the Money by him, from Time to time, received and then remaining in his Hands ex °e"cept the concept

the Money by this Act allowed for contingent Expenses) which shall once in every Year be tingent Expenses, which accounted for by the Captain of each Company respectively, in manner aforefaidj and the Balance is to be accounted for, thereof shall be by him paid into the Hands of the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Company fhall1 belong, to be applied to the general Use of the said Regiment or Battalion, as the anj applied to the general Field Officers and Captains thereof, or the greater Part of them, shall direst; and the Captain of each u‘eolt e es'^en,, Independent Company is hereby required to distribute to each Person belonging to his Company t0

mtitled tnereto, .such Money as he shall receive by virtue of this Act; and the said Money allowed the pay to their Men, for the contingent Expenses of each Independent Company of Militia shall be respectively applied and apply the Money alto the particular Use of such Independent Company by the Captain thereof. lowed for contingent

Expenses,

V And be it' enabled, That the said Regimental or Battalion Clerk may and shall retain to his 9, e‘.k }? q°ncy own_ufe, out of the Money so by him received, such further Sums as shall complete the Allowance an s'or 1s0'v, } herein before made for his Salary; and such Regimental or Battalion Clerk shall pay to such Person anii dif'harge the Cloatb* or Persons as hall produce an Order from the Commanding Officer of such Regiment or Battalion, ing Bills.

such Sums of Money as shall be due and owing for or on account of the Clothing of the said Regiments or Battalions, not exceeding.the Rates herein before mentioned.

VI And be it further enacted, That when ever his majesty's Lieutenant, or any, three or more When the Lord Lieute* Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the nant or Deputies shall Militia, he or they; shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the receiver-general of such bpve fixed the Days of County, Riding or Place, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are f^oreto certify the to be absent from Home on Account of such Exercise; and such receiver-general is hereby required, iatje to thereceiver within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to i(tue and pay to the Clerks of the feve General, specifying the lill Regiments or Battalions, at the Rate of (even Shillings and sixpence per day.for the Captain of Number ot Men, and each Company, and at the Rate of three Shillings and'fix Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of paystbei' be absent three Shillings per Day for each' Ensign;; also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each pri genfrar^idhe dtcrev vate Militia Man, with the Addition of sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, foto upon Pay for Officers be called out to Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from and Men to the Regi home on Account of such Exercise;; in such Counties where there shall be Independent Com menial'clerk, C panies only, the receiver-general of each such Respective County shall blue and pay to the Cap Where there shall be In tains of the Independent Companies, at the Rate of seven Shillings and sixpence per Day 'for ni: "thewcetwtge. each Captain, three Shillings and sixpence per Day for each Lieutenant, ' and three Shillings per nera( is to issue Pay t Day for each Ensign;; also at the Rate of one Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, the Captains, according with the Addition of sixpence per Day for each Corporal of the Militia, foto be called out to t tke Rate here fet Exercise, for the Number of Days such Officers and Men shall be absent from Home on Account Of down.

such Exercise;; the said Regimental or Battalion Clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay the Regimental Clerk to pay Proportion of Pay belonging to each Captain of the said Regiments or Battalions the Proportion of°vt'tthe Money to the Pay belonging to each Captain, and likewise the Pay belonging to their respective Companies. respectire Captains.

VII And be it further enacted. That the Captain of each Company shall make up an Account captalns t°makeuptheir

of all Moneys received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Stc

Form; at

C C

Vol. IX

County

i94

C 30.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A.D... 1763,

County of

To Cash received of the Regimental

or Battalion Clerk, or

receiver-general, as the Case Jhallbe, for Days Pay of Men

Dr.

£•

n

e \

en J

Per Centra

Paid Militia Men

'Days

Paid additional Pay to Days

Cr.

Corporals

}

5

£

to be signed by them, Which Account shall be signed by the said Captain, and countcrfigned by the Commanding offi and countersigned by the cer. ant] such Captain shall, within ten Days after the Time of such Exercise, deliver such ac anddelirerel, withdie count, and pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the Regimental or Battalion Clerk; or if Cap balance, to the clerk, tan of an Independent Company, to the Receiver Genera] : And such Accounts shall be allowed or receiver-general. as sufficient Vouchers in the passing of the Accounts of such receiver-general, at the Receipt of his Accounts allowed fufr majesty's Exchequer, cient Vouchers. »

During the Time the VIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Regiment, Battalion, or Indepen troops art embodied, dent Company of Militia is or shall be embodied, and called out into actual Service, and thereby tualservke^anddeceive ^fficer.s an Private Militia Men are or ihah be entitled to the same Pay, as the Officers and pri

Pay as the king's other vate Men in his majesty's other Regiments of Foot receive, all Pay from tyre Receiver or Receivers

Forces, all Pay and Al General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion or

lowances from the Re Independent Company of Militia shall belong, whether to the Adjutants, Sergeants, Private Militia covers General ta to Men, or others; and all Money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent Expenses of such Regiment,

Battalion, or Independent Company of Militia; and also the Allowance to the Clerk of such Regiment or Battalion; mall, during such Time of actual Service, and until such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall be disembodied and returned Home by Order of their Commanding Officers, cease and not be paid.

IX And be it enacted, That the said Receiver or Receivers of the Land Tax shall pay to the Clerk of the General Meetings his Allowance, at the Rate of five Pounds five Shillings for each

, Meeting, upon his producing an Order or Orders for that Purpose from his majesty's Lieutenant,

and the Cieiks of the or from three Deputy Lieutenants assembled at some General Meeting or Meetings; and shall also up^n*v'r0ducingeatike pay t0 eac^ ant every the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings their several Allowances, at the Rate Order from id'ep.lieut. f one Pound one Shilling for each Meeting, upon his or their producing an Order or Orders from one or more Deputy Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants assembled in the several Subdivision Orders to discharge Re Meetings; which said Order or Orders shall be to the said Receiver or Receivers General of ceivers General. the Laud Tax, a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Allowances, and be allowed in his or

their Account.

Regimental and Batta X Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Regiment or Battalion of Militia, Vlty for'paylngfand ac"" give Security to the Receiver or Receivers Genera] of the Land Tax, of the County, Riding or councinp for the Moneys Place, to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, by a Bond to his Majesty in the Penalty received by them; of one Half of the Sum required for the whole year's Charge of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Clerklhall belong, for duly answering and paying such Sums as he shall, from time to time have received, and for duly accounting for the same, and for Performance of the Trust

the Bonds to be lodged hereby in him reposed;; said Bond shall be lodged in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers

with the Receivers Ge General of the Land Tax, for the respective County, Riding or Place, who, in case the said regi them on" nontperform y mental or Battalion Clerk shall not duly perform the Conditions comprised in the said Bond, shall ance of the Condition; and is hereby required forthwith to put the said Bond in Suit in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs

and they are entitled and Successors; the full Colts and Charges of which Suit, in case Judgement shall be given against:

thereupon to full Cods such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, shall be paid by him to the said Receiver or Receivers General and Charges, of the Land Tax, who shall likewise be entitled to, and receive to his or their own Use, at the

and 5i. per Centos the Rate cf five Pounds per Centum out of all such Moneys as shall be by him or them recovered there

Money recovers; on. ancj account for (fig Residue thereof with the proper Auditor of his majesty's Revenue;

the Residue to be ae the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax charging himself or themselves therewith,

counted for to the Au upon the next Account of the Land Tax to he by him or them passed. ditor.

The Regimental and Battalion Clerks, and Captains of Independent Companies, are to deliver in Accounts of their Receipts and disburse jnents,

and pay over the Balance to the Receivers General 5 who are totranfmit the Accounts into the Auditors Office.

XI And be it enacted, That the Clerk of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, and the Captain of every Independent Company of Militia, in every County, Riding and Place within that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall, between the twenty-fifth Day of March and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and sixty five, deliver to the Receiver or Receiv rs General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, to which such Regiment, Battalion, or Independent Company shall belong, a fair Account in Writing, of all Moneys by him received and disbursed for the Service of tue preceding Year, in pursuance of this Act with proper Vouchers for the same; and shall p2v back to the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, any Surplus of such Moneys that shall then be in his Hands; which said Accounts signed by such Regimental or Battalion Clerk, or hy such Captain of an Independent Company respectively, shall be trauf mitted by the said Receiver or Receivers General of the Land Tax, into the Office of the proper Auditor of his majesty's Revenue.

XII And

A.D... 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III CT. 195

XII Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Penalties, all Costs and Charges of Suit, and Recovery of Penal tier, all Sums of Money for which any Person or Persons is or are by this Act made answerable, may and &=.

shall be recovered in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminjlcr, by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effoin Wager at Law, or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no See or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be given No Fee payblc for any

or paid for or upon Account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to. Warrant or Sum of Moor in pursuance of this Act. - av" purfuar, ce

XIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on half-pay, and serving in ®fficeton

the Militia, shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the subsistence money ^'"eceivv^hevubfift by this'act directed to be paid to Captains, Lieutenants or Ensigns;; the receiving and taking ence money payable to such subsistence money by any such Captain, Lieutenant or Ensign, shall not be deemed a Receiv Lieutenants or Ensigns, ing ortaking Pay, so as in any Manner to prevent such Person on half-pay receiving his half-pay; they taking the following and such Person shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby im Oath before a juitice, powered to administer the same;

I A. B. do swear, That I had not, between the any Place or Employment The Oath,

of Profit Civil or Military under his Majesty, besides my Allowance of half-pay as a re ‘ duccd in late Regiment of lave and except

‘ my Subsistence as a Lieutenant or Ensign, as the Cije may be, for serving in the Militia of the ‘ County of

And the taking the Laid Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his half-pay, without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXI

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves For Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes, -, to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to the several Acts of Parliament now in Force for that Purpose, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped;; to prevent the Destruction of Trees and Underwoods growing in Forests and Chases.

‘ WHEREAS diverse Persons who, on Account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Preamble reciting the fe

* Profefiions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the veral Qualifying Acts of ‘ Oaths, or the Afiurance, respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed, in

‘ and by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, 1 Geo *• *3

* of Glorious Memory, entitled, An Act far the further Security of his May fly's Person and Govern

* and the Succejjion of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protejlants; and ‘for extinguijhing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; or to

‘ have qualified themselves according to an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King 13 Car, 2. St. 2. C j,

‘ Charles the Second, entitled, An Act for the well governing and regulating Corporations; or to ‘ have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of 25 Car, 2, cz.

‘ King Charles the Second, entitled, An Act for preventing the Dangers which may happen from ‘ Popish Rccufants, by receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper according to the tjfage of the ‘ Church of England, and making and fubferibing the Declaration against Transubstantiation there ‘ in mentioned; or according to another at made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of King 30 Car. 2. St. z,

‘ Charles the Second, entitled, An Act for the more effectual preservbig the King's Person and Go ‘ vernment, by disabling papi/ls from sitting in either Hoise of Parliament; or according to another Act ‘ made in the .eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intitu 18 Geo. 2. C zo,

‘ led,An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Tear of hisprefent Ma ‘ jejiy's Reign, entitled, An Act for the further fqimlf cation of "Justices of the Peace; or according to ‘ another Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled,An Act to ex and 2 Geo. 3. C zo.

‘ plain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the several Laws now in being relating to the raising ‘ and training the Militia within that Part of Great Britain called England; have, through Ignorance ‘ of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the said Oaths

* and Afiurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time, and in such

* as in and by the said Acts respectively, or by any other Acf of Parliament in that Be ‘ half made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in Danger of incurring diverse Penalties

C C 2 ‘ and

igb C 31. Anno quarto Georgii 111. A. D. 1763.

* and Disabilities: For quieting the Minds of his majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any In

* that might otherwise happen by Means of such Omissions, ' Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con salt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this'present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

Further Time to 28 That all and every Person or Persons, who Shall, on or before the twenty-eighth Day of November Nov. 1764, allowed to one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, take and subscribe the Paid Oaths and Assurance refpec j'c,, ns '"rr rt'fls tivcly, in such Cases wherein by Law the said Oaths and Assurance ought to nave been taken or a«'the said Lawsdheft? subscribed in such Manner and Form, and such Place and Places, as are appointed in and by the said Act made in the first Year of.tlie Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made and provided; and also receive the Sacrament of the Lords Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of England., and make and subscribe the said Declaration against Transubstantiation, in such Cases wherein the said Sacrament ought to have been received, and the said Declaration ought to have been made and subscribed; and take and subscribe the Oath directed by the said Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in such Cases wherein the said Oath ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner as by the said Act is directed;; alio, being a Deputy Lieutenant or Officer of the Militia, Shall on or before the first Day of Augnft one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, leave his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace, with whom he is, by the said Act made in the second Year of his present majesty's Reign, required to leave the same; Shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed and discharged, from and against all Penalties,, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reason of any former Neglect or Omission of taking or fubferibing the said Oaths or Assurance, or receiving the Sacrament, or making or fubferibing the said Declarations, or taking and fubferibing the said Oath, or leaving his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace respectively, according to the Persons qualifying them abovementioned Acts, or any of them, or any other Act or Acts, is and are and Shall be fully and feivesin Manner, and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as such Person or Persons were wuhin the Time ap before such Neglect or Omission, and Shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, an^bd'rec"fipher or themselves, according to the abovementioned Acts, and every of them; and that all Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her or them, are and Shall be of the same Force and Validity, as the same or any of them would have been, if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and received the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, and left his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace, according to the Direction of the said Acts, and every of them; and that such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in Manner, and within the Time, appointed by this Act, Shall be to all Intents and pur poses as effectual, as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance.. received the Sacrament, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and taken and fub lcribed the said Oath, and left his Qualification in Writing with the Clerk of the Peace within the time, and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned, offices, Sec. already II Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be con avo.dcd by Judgement of construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, be confirmcdaad n, c^ce> Matter or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgement of any of his majesty's

Courts of Record, already filled up or enjoyed by any other Person;; such Office, Employment, Benefice, Matter or Thing to avoided or filled up and enjoyed, Shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been, made.

None indemnified where final Judgement hath teen given for the Penally incurred.

Such Persons whose ad rniflions may not have been provided or not duly stamped, nr which hpve been lofi, ormiflaid, are allowed to 28 Nov. 1764, to piovide, C the lame 3

and they are thereupon indemnified, CI

III Provided also, That this Act, or anything herein contained, Shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgement Shall have been given ia any Aftionof Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law, or any Person who Shall have omitted to qualify himself within the Time limited by any Act or Acts of Parliament made during the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for indemnifying! Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments.

* IV And whereas Admissions of diverse Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations and bo C rough Towns, which by several Acts of Parliament are directed and required to be stamped, may C not have been provided, or the same not duly stamped, or may have been lost or miflaidbe it; further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That for the Relief of such Persons whose Admissions: may not have been provided, or not duly stamped as aforesaid, or where the same have been lost ok mislaid, it Shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons, on or before the said twenty-eighth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, to provide or cause to be provided, Admissions duly stamped, and such Persons so providing Admissions duly stamped as aforesaid, are and: Shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to aft as Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and Shall and may hold, enjoy and execute the same, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their prede ceftors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and Iball be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Djfabilities, Forfeitures Penalties and Damages, by'

Reason:

i

A. D. 1763.

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 32.

*97

Reason of any such Omission, and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by Reason

of the same.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any Member or Members, Officer or Officers of any City, Corporation or Borough Town, shall desire to have his, her or their Admissions renewed or confirmed in Manner aforesaid, the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of such City, Corporation or Borough Town, shall, and he is hereby required in every such Case, upon Notice given to him by any one or more Member or Members, Officer or Officers of any City, Corporation or Borough Town, to summon a Hall, Common Council, or other proper Public Meeting, within ten Days after such Notice given to him, for the Purpose of admitting or granting Copies, and confirming the Admissions of such per son or Persons as aforesaid.

‘ VI And whereas the Laws in being arc found to be ineffeflual for preventing the dcftru&ion ‘ of Timber Trees and other Trees, Underwood and Covert, growing upon the Forests and ‘ Chafes within this Kingdom Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for every Surveyor of his majesty's Woods, and his lawful Deputy, and also for the Officers and Keepers of any Forest or Chase, to seize and take away, for his and their own Use, any Saw, Axe, Hatchet, bill hook or other Instrument, used by any Person or Persons whom they shall find unlawfully flocking up, sawing, cutting down, topping, lopping or deilroying any Timber Tree, or other Tree, Underwood or Covert, within such Forest or Chase.

CAP. XXXII

An Aifl to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out, upon proper Securities a further Sum of Money, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the Common and General Calli in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court; and for applying the Interest arising therefrom, towards answering the Charges of the Office of the Accountant General of the said Court.

Where any shall desire to having their Admissions renewed.

a Hall is to be summoned for granting Copies, and confirming such Admissions.

Officers and Keepers of Woods and Chases, may seize any Saw or other Instrument used in unlawfully cutting any Trees, C therein.

w

HE R E A S by an Act of Parliament passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Preamble recitir.j Majesty King George the Second, entitled,An Act to empower the High Court of Chanc! "ufi in Ac: 12 0: % eery to lay out, upon proper Securities, a>iy Moneys not exceeding a Sum therein. limited, out of the Com 3, C 3 mon and General Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of Accountant General of the said Court, a Provision is made for the Support and Maintenance of the Office of Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, by direfling certain Payments to be made, in the Manner therein mentioned, to the said Accountant General and his two Clerks for their Salaries, in lieu of, and in Recompense for, all Fees whatsoever that would be due and payable to the said Office by the Suitors : And whereas since the passing the said Act, the Money and effects belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, under the Care and Direction of the said Accountant General, are greatly increased; by reason whereof the necessary Business of the said Office is grown so extensive and laborious, that the Provision made by the said Act is become insufficient to answer the Charges attending the Execution of the said Office Wherefore, in order to provide for the further Support of the said Office, Be it enacted by the king's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out Court of Chancy; ai. of the Cash that now lies, or shall hereafter lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, be thmized to direcythe longing to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, a Sum not exceeding five thoufaiui Pounds Placins 0l)r at lncer shall and may, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, on governmentseam ^ from Time to Time be placed out in one entire Sum, or in Parcels, on such Government or Parli l^ng dead in the Bankj amentary Securities as in and by such Order or Orders shall be directed, to the Intent that the In belonging to the Suitors terest and annual Profits arising from the Money foto be placed out as aforesaid, may be applied ofthecomt; for the Purposes herein after mentioned; and that the said Court of Chancery may, from Time to and to chane the^e™' Time, change the Security or Securities on which the said Moneys shall be so placed out, as the ft1.1']35 coull " said Court shall think expedient. _ think proper.

II And be it further enabled, that the Interest and annua] Profits arising and to be produced The Bank to receive from the said Securities shall, from Time to Time, be received by the Governor and Company of the interest and Profits the Bank of England, and placed to the Credit of the same Account as was raised in the Books kept thereof, there for the Suitors of the said Court, by virtue of the said Act herein before mentioned, of Interest arising from Money placed out in purfoance of the said Act; and that out of such Interest Moan:! toi" y thereout, ney and annual .Profits there shall. be paid, by quarterly Payments, by the Governor and com pany of the Bank of England, by virtue of an Order or Orders of the Court of Chancery to be made fcyuqmarterly Pajme""' for that Purpose, the annual Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds to the said Accountant Gene to the Accountant ge ral's third Clerk; which, said Salary shall commence from the eighth Day of April in the Year of neral's third Clerk; the our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and hall, together with the Salaries ap Salarycommence pointed by the said Act herein before mentioned, be in lieu of, and in Recompense and Satisfaflion fro,,, VU V n for all Fees whatsoever, which, from that Time shall or would be due or payable, to the said Office, j"csi°

198

Rcfiduc of the Interest, C to be accounted for as Part of the General Cafii belonging to the

C 33. Anno quarto Geo rg'i 1 III A. D. 1763.

by the Suitors; and that the Residue of the Interest and annual Profits, arising and to be produced from the said Securities, flail be accounted for and taken as Part of the Common and General Cafii of and belonging to the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, and flail be issued and applied sui'tort.'and'tobcapplied pursuant and according to the Directions of an Act: of Parliament, passed i the twelfth Year of purfuanc to Aa iz Geo. the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled, - An Att for the Relief of the Suitors 1 • C 33- of the High Court of Chancery.

If the whole or any Part III Provided always, and be it futher enacted and declared, That if at any Time hereafter the of the said Sum of Whole, or any Part of the said Sum of five thousand Pounds, flail be wanted to answer any of the toool. ftaii be wanted Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, then, and in such Case, the said Court may to pay the Suitors, alu] hal direct the same, or anv Part thereof, to be called in, or the Securities on which the same

... ^ ^ ^ m^ll ho alai d 1 r hp rl i fr. p i spit r\c - rl rtran .* .lml* .Ilia sans r.rc af" ship salt f^mirt marl Ot all ' I impc lip laaid

calling in thereof.

' flail be placed to be disposed of. in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands, out of the Common and General Cafii belonging to such Suitors.

CAP. XXXIII

An Act for preventing Inconveniences arising in Cases of Merchants, and such other Perrons as are within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege of Parliament and becoming insolvent.

HE REAS Merchants, Bankers Brokers, Factors, Scriveners and Traders, within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parliament, are not compellable to pay their just Debts, or to become Bankrupts, by reason of the Freedom of their Persons from Arrests upon Civil Process; and some Doubts have also arisen, whether in Cases of ‘ Bankruptcy a Commission can be sued out during the Continuance of such Privilege : To remedy ‘ which Inconveniences, and to support the Honour and Dignity of Parliament, and good Faith ‘ and Credit in Commercial Dealings, which require, that in such Cases, the Laws should. have C their due Course, and that no such Merchants, Bankers, Brokers, Fadlors, Scriveners or trac ders, in case of actual Insolvency, should by any Privilege whatever, be exempted from doing ‘ equal Justice to all their Creditors Be it enacted by the king's moil Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present From and after n May Parliament act'embled, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same. That from and after the eleventh Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, it shall be lawful for any Angle Creditor, or two or more Creditors, being Partners, whose Debt or Debts flail amount to one hundred Pounds or upwards, and for any two Creditors whose Debts flail amount to one hundred and fifty Pounds or upwards, or any three or more Creditors whose Debts flail amount to two hundred Pounds or upwards, of any Person or Persons deemed a Merchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivener or Trader or Traders, within the Description of the Acts of Parliament relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parliament, at any Time, upon Affidavit or Affidavits being made and filed on Record in any of his majesty's Courts at iveflmhifter, by such Creditor or Creditors, ^wefimlfter"16 co°rts that such Debt or Debts is or are justly due to him or them respectively, and that every such Debtor, as he or they verily believe, is a Merchant, Banker, Broker, Fadlor, Scrivener or Trader, tueout a Summons, or within the Description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, to sue out of the same Court Sum &c' asainft mons, or an Original Bill and Summons against such Aderchant, Banker, Broker, Fadlor, Scrivener or Trader, and serve him with a Copy thereof; and if such Alerchant, Banker, Broker, Factor, Scrivener or Trader, flail not within two Months after personal Service of such Summons (Affidavits of the Debt or Debts having been duly made and filed as aforesaid) pay, secure or compound for such Debt or Debts, to the Satisfaction of such Creditor or Creditors, or enter into a Bond in such Sum, and with two such sufficient Sureties, as any of the Judges of that Court out of which such Summons flail issue flail approve of, to pay such Sum as flail be recovered in such Action or Actions, together with such Coils as flail be given in the same, he shall be accounted and adjudged a Bankrupt from the Time of the Service of such Summons; and any Creditor or Creditors may sue out a Commission against any such Person, and proceed thereon in like Adanner as against other Bankrupts.

II Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act flail not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to any such Debt or Debts as aforesaid contracted before the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and sixty four; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant, Banker, Bro

Preamble.

for former Laws con 1 cerning Bankrupts, refer to 1 34&= 35 H. S. C 4.

13 EL C 7,

I jac. I. C 15.

21 Jac. 1. C 19.

13 & 14 Car, 2. C 24.

10 Ann. C 15.

7 Geo. 1. C 31. 1

5 Geo. 2. C 30.

39 Geo. 2. C 32 24 Geo. 2. C 57.

1764, Creditors to a certain Value of any Merchant, C within the Description of the Daws relating to Bankrupts, having Privilege of Parliament, may, upon Affidavit made of the Debt, and

such Deb and if he flail not, within 2 Months pay, secure or compound for the Debt,

he fiiall be adjudged a Bankrupt; and a com million may be accordingly sued out against him.

But this Act is not to extend to such Debts as were contracted before 8 March 1764.

But any Merchant, Sec, committing an Act of Bankruptcy after the

last Day of this Session, the Creditors may sue

kcr, Fadlor, Scrivener or i rader, fiiall after the last Day of this Session of Parliament, commit any ... - at of Bankruptcy, that then, and in such. Case, any Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid may sue omtatommi ion again out a Commission of Bankrupt against such Merchant, Banker, Broker, Scrivener or Trader; and the Commissioners in such Commission, and other Persons, may proceed thereon in like Manner as

him, and the commissioners proceed therein, as against other Bankrupts, notwithstanding his Privi'ege.

persons entitled to Privilege notfuhject ta Arrest,

against other Bankrupts; any Privilege of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act: fiiall subject any Person entitled to Privilege of Parliament to he arrested or imprisoned, during the Time of such Privilege,

£; C except in Cases made except in Cases made Felony by the Acts relating to Bankrupts or any of them.

peleny. I

A.D... 1763

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 34> 35*

199

CAP. XXXIV

An Act to prevent Paper Bills of Credit, hereafter to be issued in any of his majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, from being declared to be a legal Tender in Payments of Money; and to prevent the legal Tender of such Bills as are now subsisting, from being prolonged beyond the Periods limited for calling in and sinking the same.

WHEREAS great Quantities of Paper Bills of Credit have been created and issued in Preamble, his majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, by virtue of Acts, Orders, resolutions, or Votes of Assembly, making and declaring such Bills of Credit to be legal Tender in Payments of Money : ard whereas such Bills of Credit have greatly depreciated in their Value by Means whereof Debts have been discharged with a much less Value than was contracted for, to the great Discouragement and Prejudice of the Trade and Commerce of his majesty's subjects, by occasioning Confusion in Dealings, and lessening Credit in the said Colonies or plantationseor Remedy whereof. May it pleaie your most Excellent Majsfty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the first Day of September one After 1 Srpt. 1764, all thousand seven hundred and sixty four, no Act, Order, Resolution, or Vote of Assembly, in any of future Acts of Assembly, his majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, shall be made, for creating or issuing any Pa c ti cj eatmg C per Bms or bihs of Credit of any Kind or Denomination whatever, declaring such Paper Bills, jxing them to £ a or Bills or Credit, to be legal lender in Payment of any Bargains, Contracts, Debts, Dues, or )fgai Tender in Payment Demands whatsoever;; every Clause or Provision which shall hereafter be inserted in any Act, of Money;

Order, Resolution, or Vote of Assembly, contrary to this Act, shall be null and void. are void

‘ II And whereas the greeat Quantities of Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, which are now adtu ‘ ally in Circulation and Currency in several Colonies or Plantations in America, emitted in purfu ‘ ance of Acts of Assembly declaring such Bills a legal Tender, make it highly expedient that the * Conditions and Terms, upon which such'dills have been emitted, should not be varied or prolong ‘ ed, so as to continue the legal Tender thereof beyond the Terms respectively fixed by such Acts ‘ for calling in and discharging such billsbe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, as are all 0 a afis.&c. That every Act, Order, Resolution, or Vote of Assembly, in any of the said Colonies or planta which ffiail bemade'to tions, which shall be made to prolong the legal Tender of any Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, which prolong the legal Tender are now subsisting and current in any of the said Colonies or Plantations in America, beyond the ?f fucil Bills now fubfiff times fixed for the calling in, sinking and discharging of such Paper Bills, or Bills of Credit, Shall caflincvn and

be null and void. _ linking the same.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Governor or Commander Governor, giving his in Chief for the Time being, in all or any of the said Colonies or Plantations, shall, from and after Assent to any such Aft, the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, give his Assent to any Act forfeits 1000i. and is or Order of Assembly contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such Governor or incapacitated. Commander in Chief (hail, for every such Offence, forfeit and Pay the Sum of one thousand Pounds, and shall be immediately dismissed from bis Government, and for ever after rendered incapable of any public Office or Place of Trust.

IV Provided always, That nothing in this Act Shall extend to alter or repeal an Act passed This Aft not to alter or in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, inti repeaithe tuled. An All to regulate and refrain Paper Bills of Credit in his majesty's Colonies or Plantations faa 24 ge0‘2 C 53* Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connedlicut, the Maffachufcts Bay, and New Hampshire, in America, and to prevent the fatne being legal Penders in Payments of Money.

V Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to nor to make any Bills make any of the Bills now subsisting in any of the said Colonies a legal Tender. now fubfiftmg a legal

Tender.

CAP. XXXV

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased upon the Seacoasts in the Counties of Kent, sujjex, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have been erected for Defence of the said Coasts, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

HERE AS in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the second Year of his Ma ckufa'in Aa'atfeo .1. jesty's Reign, entitled. An Act for Vefing certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments upon ct ‘ the Seacoasts in the Counties of Kent, suftex, and Southampton, on which Forts and Batteries have J f been ercited for the Defence of the said Coajls, ' in Fruftees, for certain Uses, and for other Purposes therein ‘ mentioned; his Majesty was most graciously pleased to issue a Commission by his Letters Patent

yoo

C 35. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763,

‘ under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at tvfminffer the nineteenth Day of 'July in

* the second Year of his Reign, to impower and authorise certain Persons therein named to be 4 Commissioners for putting in Execution the said AS, and did give to them, or any five or more 4 of them, full Power and Authority to do, perform and execute all and every the Matters and 4 Things whatsoever, which by the said AS such Commissioners were authorised and required to

* do, perform and execute, thereby willing them, or any five or more of them, from time to time, 4 to proceed and as according to the Rules and diresions of the said Act of Parliament: And 4 whereas by virtue of the said Commission, and in. pursuance of the said Act, eleven of the said 4 Comniiflioners, in the said Conrmiflion named, did, on the sixth Day of September in the said fe 4 cond Year of his majesty's Reign, meet pursuant to Notice thereof given and fixed up at the Door 4 of the Guild Hall of the City of Canterbury in the Arid County of Kent, and at the principal Gates 4 of, and Entrances into, the refpesive Forts and Batteries of folke/lone and Hyth, and likewise 4 published in the London Gazette, thirty Days and more before such Meeting, at the Old Cajlle of 4 Canterbury aforesaid;; did then and there in a summary Manner proceed and act by and upon 4 the Testimony of Witnefies, Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, and 4 by and upon the Inquest of seventeen good and lawful Men qualified to serve upon juries at the 4 Affixes for the said County of Kent, impanelled, summoned and returned by George Kelly Esquire, 4 Sheriff of the said County, to take the Inquest, who, upon their Oaths duly administered, did in 4 choir into and present the true and real Value of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, men 4 tioned in the said Act to be situate at Folkcjhne and Hyth in the said County of Kent, and of every ‘ Part and Parcel thereof, and who refpesively were the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and their 4 refpesive Estates and Interest therein; and thereupon the said Commissioners then present did 4 adjudge and determine who refpesively were the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Te 4 nements and Hereditaments at Folkejlone and Hyth aforesaid, and their respective Estates and Into ‘ rest therein, and in every Part and Parcel thereof, and what each respective Owner and Proprietor 0 thereof was entitled to for his refpesive Estates and Interest therein, amounting together to the 4 Sum of ninety Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain: And whereas by virtue of the said 4 Commission, and in pursuance of the said AS, ten of the. said Commissioners in the said Commis ‘ fion named, did, on the thirteenth Day of September in the said second Year of his majesty's 4 Reign, meet at the Townhall of the Borough of Lcivcs in the said County of Suffix, pursuant to 4 Notice given and fixed up at the Townhall of the Borough of Lews aforesaid, and at the princi ‘ pal Gates of, and Entrances into, the refpesive Forts and Batteries at Little Hampton, Bright helm 4 Jlone, Newhaven, Blotchington, Seaford, Hajling, and at the Upper Battery and Lower Battery at Rye, 4 and likewise published in the London Gazette thirty Days and more before such .Meeting; and did 4 then and there, in a summary Manner, by and upon the Testimony of Witnefies, infpesion 4 and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, and by and upon the Inquest of nineteen good 4 and lawful Men qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes for the said County of.sujjex, impa 4 nellcd, summoned and returned by Thomas Grainger Esquire, Sheriff of the said County of sujjex, 4 to take the Inquest, who upon their Oaths did inquire into and present the true and real Value of 4 the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the said AS mentioned to be situate in Climp 4 tonne, Brightbehnjlone, Newhaven, Blotchington, Seaford, Hajling, and Rye, in the said County of 4 Suffix, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, and who relpesivcly were the Owners and Proprie 4 tors thereof, and their refpesive Estates and Interest therein; and thereupon the said Commission 4 eis then present did adjudge and determine who respectively were the Owners and Proprietors 4 of the said Lands and Hereditaments in the said County of Suffix, and their refpesive Estates and 4 Interest therein, and in every Part and Parcel thereof, and what each refpesive Owner and Pro 4 prietor thereof was entitled to, for his, her and their refpesive Estates and Interest therein,

4 amounting together to the Sum of one hundred twenty-one Pounds thirteen Shillings of like law 4 full Money of Great Britain : And the said Commissioners then present at the said Townhall of 4 the said Borough of Laves, upon the Complaint of several Persons Owners of Lands adjoining to 4 Part of the Lands by. the said AS veiled, that they had, refpesively received Damage by making 4 the Fortifications there, did certify and estimate the refpesive Damages done to the refpesive 4 Lands of the several Persons complaining, amounting together to the Sum of thirty-two Pounds 4 and seventeen Shillings, of like lawful Money of Great Britain : And whereas by virtue of the said 4 Commission, and in Pursuance of the said AS, six of the Commissioners in the said Commission 4 named did, on the twenty-fourth Day of September in the said fceond Year of his majesty's 4 Reign, meet at the Townhall of the Borough of Portfnouth, in the said County of'southampton,

4 pursuant to Notice given and fixed up at the Door of the Townhall of the said Borough of Ports

4 mouth aforesaid, and at the principal Gates of, and Entrances into, the respective Forts and Bat 4 teries at Lumps and Eaflney, and likewise published in the London Gazette, thirty Days and more 4 before such Meeting; and did then and there, in a summary Manner, by and upon the Testimony 4 of Witnesses, infpesion and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, and by and upon the 4 Inquest of two and twenty gqod and lawful Men qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes for 4 the said County of Southampton, impanelled, summoned and returned by Sir Thomas Gateboufs 4 Knight, Sheriff of the said Couty of Southampton, to take the Inquest, who, upon their Oaths, did inquire into and present the true and leal Value of the said Lands; Tenements and Hereditaments, in the said AS mentioned to be situate in the Parish of Portsea, in the said County of 4 Southampton, and of every Part and parcel thereof, and who refpesively were the Owners and

St ' ‘ Proprietors

201

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 35*

C Proprietors thereof, and their respective Estates and Interest therein, and thereupon the said Corn

‘ miffioriers then present did adjudge and determine who respectively were the Owners and Proprie

* of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the said Parilb of Portsea, and their refpec ‘ tive Estates and Interest therein, and in every Part and Parcel thereof, and what each respective ‘ Owner and Proprietor thereof was entitled to, for his respective Estate and Interest therein, amount ‘ ing together to the Surii of three hundred and one Pounds five Shillings of lawful like Money of ‘ Great Britain : And whereas it is just and reasonable the Owners and Proprietors of the refpeedive

* Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Should be paid the respective Sums to them adjudged, for

‘ their Estates and Interest in the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in and by the said re ‘ cited Act mentioned and veiled in the said Trustees therein named, together with Interest for the ‘ same, after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time the said Lands were ‘ first made use of'for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, to the Time of Payment of their ‘ principal Money; ' For which Purpose, and for the more effectual carrying the said Act into Execution, May it 'please your Majesty that'it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of all A Sum not exceeding or any the Aids or Supplies granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year one th'oufahd seven j. Ss' hundred and sixty four, there Shall and may be blued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not fje‘s granted forth" " the Sum of six hundred forty-nine Pounds eight Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, for service of the current and towards making a reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfadlion to all and every Person and Year, towards making Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, who, at the Time of making the Satisfaflion to the re said recited Act, were the several and respective Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements persons intereftctin'tiis and Hereditaments', in the said recited Act mentioned, according to their several Estates and Interest prcmiq'es, therein, in Pofieflion, Reversion, Remainder or otherwise' ' '

And to the Intent that all and singular the Proprietors aforesaid maybe paid for their respective Estates and Interests, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as they have been adjudged and determined by the said Comtniflioners to be respectively entitled unto, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Time the re ipedliye Lands' yy'ere first made use of for the Purposes' in the said recited Act mentioned, to the Tinje of Payment of the said Principal Sums; Be' it further enacted by' the Authority aforesaid,

That it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Ordnance for the Time being to Bills to be made out at make out and allow one or more Bill or Bills to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or the Office of Ordnance Corporate, for such Sum and'sums of Money as' is or are to them respectively adjudged, together d L tke

with Interest for the same after the Rate'of four poun'dsjvr Centum per Annum, which Bill or Bills Proprietors,

so made out and allowed, shall express the "fefpedlive Land's, and the Number of Acres, together Debentures to be jyith the Name of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and the respective Sum of Slims granted thcreujop, of Money he, she or they is or are to receive; and thereupon one or more Debenture or Debentures shall be prepared for the several and respective Sums as aforesaid by the Clerk of the Ordnance for the Time being, and signed by three or more of the Principal Officers of the Ordnance'for the Time being; which Debenture or Debentures is and are hereby required to be paid by the Trea which are to be paid by surer of the Ordnance for the Time being, who shall take Acquittances from the Parties endorsed the Trearurer of the thereon................................... • — ■ ' • " " Ordnance,

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Debenturesrefufed to bq Politicjc or Corporate, aiau'wilfully refuse to accept of or receive such Debenture or Debentures as

aforesaid _ then, and in such Case, it Shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the Ordnance peace of the Count for the Time being, to leave and deposit such Debenture or Debentures with the Clerk of the Peace wherein the Lands he, of the respective Counties \yhere the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments do lie, in respect whereof and Acquittance to be such Sum of Money is to be paid, and to take his Acquittance or acquittaiic.es for the same; which taken for the t3mei such Clerfi of the Peace is hereby required to give without any Fee or Reward, and which Shall be taken and deemed to be valid; and the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of such Person or Lands to thereupon Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, so refiiflng to accept such Debenture or Debentures, Shall ln lus Maje be vested to the Use'of his Majesty, his Heirs and Succetlbrs for ever, as' if he, she dr they had received such Debenture or Debentures, and 'the Money thereon due had been fully satisfied and paid.

£ IV And whereas, the Money respectively adjudged to the several Person and Persons, Bodies ‘ Politic and Corporate, are, taken diftriliutively, so minute and inconsiderable, that were the same ‘ to be paid into the Hands of the Deputy of the king's Remembrancer of his majesty's Court of ‘ Exchequer at jvejiininfter, to be disposed of, fubj'edl to, ' and by the Orders and diredtibn'of the

* said Court, the several Owners and Proprietors of the Lands would have no'satisfaction for the

‘ same'; but the Whole or greater Part of the Money, would necessarily be expended in discharging The Money adjudged due

* the Fees of the said Court; ' For Remedy whereof. Be it .further enacted. That the several Sum to Impropriators, C to and Sums of Money due and owing td'any Impropriator, Appropriator, Parson or Vicar, in Right pa|^mt0 their Hands; of his Church', .shall and lawfully may be paid into the Hands of such Impropriator, Appropriator, |ica*r Corporate "ortrui Parson dr Vicar; and all Sum and Sums of Money due and owing to anybody of Bodies Politic foes for their use, to be or Corporate, or any Trustees for their Use, Shall and lawfully may be paid into the Hands of the paid to the Mayor or Mayor, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer of such.body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all such aether Chief Officer; Sum or Sums of Money of any Person or Persons whatsoever, who by Reason of any Disability by that to Infants, C to be Nonage, or under any Settlement, is or arc not capable by Law to take and dispose of the several Trustees ° jan, umor

Von. IX D d Sums 1

202 C 36. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

Sums which Until be due and payable to them as aforesaid, Shall and lawfully may be paid into the Hands of the Guardians of such Infants, or the Trustees under such Settlement, for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, and the respective per fons interested therein as aforesaid;; several Sums of Money foto be paid, shall by such Impropriators, Appropriators, Parsons, Vicars, Mayors, Bailiffs or other Chief Officer, of anybody Politic or Corporate, Guardians and Trustees, be with all convenient Speed, respectively laid out and to be laid out in the'll the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Places moult convenient for the i'urchafe of other Lands, Parties interested, their Heirs and Suceeffors; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof tcc. notwithstanding: And the Estate or Estates, foto be purchased, shall be conveyed and settled to

to be settled to the same the lame Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the former Estates were settled, at such Time as they be and ti'll such Purchases came vested in the Trustees appointed by the said recited Aft; and that until such Purchases can he made the Moneys are made, it shall and may be lawful for such Impropriator, Appropriator, Parson, Vicar, Mayor, to be placed out in the Bailiff or other Chief Officer of such Body Politic or Corporate, Guardians and Trustees, to place Puhiick Funds, C such Moneys out at Interest'on Parliamentary Funds, or other good Securities, declaring the Trull and the Interest to be thereof in the same Manner, as the Estate or Estates, foto be purchased, are to be conveyed and paid the respective Par settled; and the Interest thereof shall, from Time to Time, as the same hall grow due, be paid to tles' the several and respective Parties who would be respective) y in titled to the Rents and Profits of the

Estate or Estates foto be purchased, in case the same were purchased,

CAP. XXXVI

An Act to continue an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled,An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts•, and for extending the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches, to the Counties of Kent and ejfex.

Preamble

AC Geo. 2. C 30. which was continued by &i£ral fubiequen acts,

g Geo. 2. e. 18. 16 Geo, 2. C 2.7.

24. Geo. 2. C 57.

31 Geo. 2. C 35.

further continued to 29 Sept. i771.

Justices for the Counties f Kent and eftex authorised to put the Laws relating to Hackney Coaches in Execution within their refpettive jurildictionsj

HERE AS the Law hereafter mentioned hath by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and is near expiring May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the king's mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in rhe fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, entitled.An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, which was to continue in Force for three Years from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the ninth and sixteenth Years of his said majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fiity; and which by another Aft made in the twenty-fourth Year of his said majesty's Reign, was amended and further continued until the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session. of Parliament; and which by another Aft made in the thirty first Year of his said majesty's Reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; shall he, and the same is hereby further continued from the Expiration thereof, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventy one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

‘ II And whereas by the several Laws now in being for licensing and regulating the Owners and Drivers of Hackney Coaches within the Cities of London and Wejhninjier, and the Suburbs thereof, and the Parishes and Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, the said Drivers are subjected to certain'penalties and Punishments for Exactions or Mifbeiiaviour, but the Cognizance thereof is by the said Laws consigned to the Commissioners for licensing the said Coaches, the Aldermen of London, and the Justices of the Peace for the City of we/lminffter, and the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey (into which Counties the Limits comprised within the said Bills of Mortality do in Part extend) : And whereas the Counties of ejjex and Kent lie but at a small Distance from the City of London, and the said licensed Hackney Coaches often travel into those Counties through a small Part of the said County of Middlesex or Surrey, but the Drivers thereof are subject to no Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace after they pass the said Counties of Middlesex or surreybe it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, every Justice or Justices of the Peace of or for the Counties of Kent and ejf'cx shall have the same Power and Authority, within his or their respective Jurisdiction or jurifdi'ftions, to put the said Laws or any of them in Execution against the Drivers of the said licensed Hackney Coaches, for any Offence committed against the said Laws or any of them, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Commissioners, Aldermen and Justices of Lon» dm, Wtflmnjhr, Middlesex and Surrey, now have by Law, within their respective Jurisdictions.

CAPA.

D. 1763*

203

Anno quarto Georgii III C 37.

CAP. XXXVII

An act for the better establishing a Manufaflory of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, now carrying on at Winchelfea, in the County of Sussex, and for improving, regulating and extending the Manufacture of Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under those Denominations, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

whereas the establishing;; Manufacture of Linens in England, of the Kind ufuallypreamb^. known under the Denomination of Cambricks and Frank Lawns, will be of great Utility ‘ to this Kingdom, as well by the Employment of a great Number of Poor, as by preventing the ‘ illegal Importation of foreign Cambricks and French Lawns : And whereas a Manufadlury of ‘ Cambricks and Lawns hath been already setup at ipincbelfca in the County of Suffix, and large ‘ Quantities of such Goods have been made there, and may be made in other Parts of this King ‘ dorn, equal, if not superior, in Quality to those made in foreign Parts; and many Persons are de ‘ firous of fubferibing large Sums towards the Support and Extension of the Laid Manufactory (for ‘ the effectual carrying on of which a large Fund will be necessary) but are apprehensive that diih ‘ culties may arise, as well in recovering Debts which may grow' due to the Proprietors of the said ‘ Manufadhtry, as in defending Suits or Actions which may be brought or commenced agninft them ‘ for any Matter or Thing relative thereto, as by Lav, all the several Proprietors or Subscribers to ‘ the said Manufadlury must, in such Cases, both sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, by ‘ their several and distinct Names and Descriptions;; therefore, for the more easily carrying on ‘ the Manufacture, anil avoiding the Difficulties aforesaid, arc desirous of being incorporated, and ‘ having a common Seal and Name by which they may sue and be sued;; many Persons are ‘ desirous of fubferibing large Sums thereto, but are deterred from so doing, lest they may thereby ‘ become liable, in case the said Manufadlury should not be successful, to pay large Sums of Money ‘ over and above the Sums by them subscribed, to make good the Debts to be incurred therefrom;

‘ and many Persons who are not now liable to become Bankrupts, within the Intent and Meaning ‘ of any of the Laws now in Force concerning Bankrupts, are likewise fearful of fubferibing Mo ‘ ney to carry on the said Manufacture, as, by becoming Subscribers to and Part owners thereof,

‘ they may be liable to have Commissions of Bankrupc issued against them as Traders : And * whereas some Doubts have arisen, whether such Cambricks and Lawns, so made and fabricated ‘ in England, can, confident with the Laws now in being relating to Cambricks and French Lawns,

* be legally sold, dilpofed of and used in Great Britain; ' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Per Any Person may make son or Persons whomsoever, to make and vend, or cause to be made and vended, all such Linen and fell Cambricks and Goods called Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under either of those De Lawns ln this Kingdom, nominations, as shall be made in this Kingdom, and stamped in the Manner herein after directed; and that such Lawns or Cambricks, or other suchlike Goods so made and stamped, may be exposed to Sale, and worn by any Person or Persons in this Kingdom; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwith(landing.

II And whereas the foie Right and Prerogative of granting Charters of Incorporation (not being such as are repugnant to any Law or Statute of this Kingdom) doth belong to your Majesty; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Ma The King may incorpo jesty, his Heirs and Successors, by one Charter, Indenture or Letters Patent, under the Great Seal rate the Peifonsherein of Great Britain, to declare and Grant, That the Right Honourable the Earl Verney in the Kingdom £2™ed (the Prelcnt of Ireland., the right Honourable Charles Townshend, Sir George Colebrooke Baronet, Sir Lawrence u cn us Dundas Baronet, Arnold Nejbitt Esquire, Peregrine Cuft, Esquire, George Prescott Esquire, Barlow Trecothick Esquire, Gilbert Hcathcote Esquire, Moses Franks Esquire, Master Edward Bridgets, Mailer Benjamin Barnett, Master William Grace, Master Thomas bid well, and every other Person or Persons who shall hereafter, either in their own Right, or as Executors, Administrators, Succeftbrs or Aftigns, in Right of any other Person or Persons, become Proprietors of, or interested in, any Part or Share of the Joint Capital or Stock or Fund herein after mentioned, shall be one distinct and separate Body Politic and Corporate, in Deed and in Name, by the Name and Style of the english Linen Company, or such other Name as his Majesty shall think proper; and that such by the Name of the En corporation shall have perpetual Succession, subject to such Power of Revocation as to his Majesty gliih Linen Company, shall seem meet; and that such Corporation shall have Power, from Time to Time, to ebufe ten wi, h.such Povver of Re directors, and all proper Officers and Servants, for the better Management of rhe Affairs of the ^vftaltfecm'ineet ■ said Corporation, in such Manner, and under such Reftridlions and Qualifications, as are herein xhey may ciwfe^hec after directed, or such as shall be prescribed in that Behalf in and by such Charter; nevertheless tors, C the first Directors of the said Corporation shall and may be appointed by his A'lajesty in and hythe same Charter; and that the said first Diredlors shall continue in their respective Offices from the Time of their Appointment by his Majesty, until the first Wcdnefday in March next after such Appointment; and all subsequent Directors shall continue in their relpedtive Offices for one Year

D d 3 from

204'

C 37-

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

may tue and be sued;;

may raise a Capital sot exceeding ioo>oeo 1.

from the Time of their rcfpe&ive Appointments; and in case of Death, Removal or disqualification, he supplied in such Manner as herein after is directed; and that the said Corpoiation shall and may have and use a Common Seal for the Business only of the said Corporation; and such Seal, from Time to Time, rnay break, change, make new or alter; as shall be found moll expedient? and purchase Landr, aruj that the said Corporation shall be able and capable in Law, to purchase, take and enjoy, Mef

: r'ottv„hnum' "Adages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, not exceeding the Value of five hundred Pounds per 5 0. per nnum, j[nnum^ and to grant, alien, demise or dispose of the same or any Part thereof, at their free Wills

and Pleasures; and in their corporate Name shall be able and capable in Law to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded, answer and be answered, in any Court of Record or elsewhere, in all Causes and actions whatsoever, for, touching or concerning such Corporation, or the manufa&ury by them carried on as aforesaid.

III And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to " and for such Corporation, when constituted, to raise a Capital Joint Stock, to be applied for the

carrying on the said Manufacture, and effecting the Purposes of the said Charter, not exceeding dne hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, at such Times, and in such Proportions, as at any General Court or Courts of such Corporation, to be held pursuant to the Directions of this act, or of such Charter, lliall be directed, either by taking Subscriptions from particular Perfoiis (being or not being Members of such Corporation) for advancing Money for that Purpose, according to the Orders of such General Courts respectively, or by Calls of Money from the Members of the said Corporation for the Time being, or such other Methods as the said General (Sourts shall think expedient for making up the said Capital; and that all and every Person or Persons, by or from whom any Subscriptions lliall be accepted, or Payment made, pursuant to any Order or Orders of the said General Courts, towards raising the said Capital Stock, their execu snwcribers entitled to a tors, Administrators and Assigns, shall He intided to a.share of the said Capital Stock, in Propor mwe °fcapiixl^in Pr tion to the Money which they shall contribute, and to such Interest thereon, and also to such Share •* **• — •> - of the Profits and Advantages attending the said Capital Stock, .and payable at such Times, and in such Proportions as shall be directed and agreed upon by the said Corporation at any of their General Courts; and such Subscriber or Subfcnbers, not being then a Member or Members of such Corporation, upon making their several Subscriptions and Payments in Manner herein after directed, shall be admitted, and are hereby declared to be Members thereof; which said Subscriptions and all other Subscriptions to the said Capital Stock or Fund of the said Corporation, shall be'di tjril ftin&ly arid separately entered in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and ' 6 e‘ ' signed by the respective Person or Persons making such Subscriptions; and the Sums subscribed hall

be entered in such Book or Books, in Words at Length, and also in Figures, together with the Day of the Month and Year on which such Subscriptions shall respectively be made; and all and every such Subscription and Subscriptions lliall be made in the Presence of, and attested by one or more Witiiefs or witnehes, who lliall, by Order of the said Directors, have the Custody of the said Book..

IV Provided always, and be it enacfcd by the Authority, aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his Heirs and succefi'ors, by Warrant under his or their Sigh Manual, from Time to Time, to itnpower such Corporation to enlarge the Capital Stock of such Corporation, from Time to Time, as the Affairs of the said Corporation shall require, on the like Terms and Conditions with the original Capital.

V And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons who fltall subscribe any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards raising such Capital Stock as aforesaid, shall answer and pay all such Sum and Sums of Money, which he or they fltall so subscribe, unto the Directors, of the said Corporation for the Time being, or to the Calhier of the said Corporation for the Time being, or to such other Person or Persons who shall be authorised to receive the same in Manner following; that is to say, One fourth Part (the Whole into four equal Parts being divided) of every such Sum so subscribed, shall be paid down at the Time of making each Subscription; and the remaining three fourth Parts thereof at such Times, and in such Proportions, as any Court or Courts of Directors of the said Corporation shall think proper to call for or demand the same; Notice of every such Call or Demand having been first published in the London Gazette, ten.days at the leal! before the Day limited and appointed for the making of any Payment, pursuant to any such Call or Demand : And if any Person or Persons, who shall have so subscribed as

portion t6 their Subscriptions,

and to he Members of the Corporation. Subscriptions to be en

She King may grant Power to enlarge the Capital.

Subfmbers to pay a. fourth at the Time of frbfcribing.

and the remain^er'at such Calls as the Directors shall appoint.

10 Days Notice of every Call to be published in the London Gazette.

onnigka of first pay aforesaid, do not pay down one full fourth Part of all such Sum or Sums asheor they shall fub rnent, Subscription to be feribe, upon or at the Time of his or their Sub '

void,

and on Neglect of subsequent Payments, one half of the first to be forfeited,

Subscription, then every such Subscription, without such Payment, shall be utterly void and of none effect; and if any Person or Persons, who shall 'have subscribed as aforesaid, his or their Executors, Administrators or Aifigns, having paid, in Manner aforesaid, any Part or Parts of the Sum or Sums so by him or them subscribed, shall make Default in any of the lubfequent Payments which shall be called for or demanded in Manner aforesaid, for the Space of ten Days after the Time or Times, in such Notice or Notices as aforesaid limited and appointed for the Payment of such Calls respectively; then and in every such Case, one Moiety or half Part of the first Sum paid by such Person or Persons, on his or their respective sub ferintion, shall be lost and forfeited to the said Corporation; and the Share or Interest of all and every such Person or Persons so making Default of and in the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, and the Interest and Profits which ho or they would otherwise have been entitled to receive therefrom,

'shall be reduced, leltened or proportioned.

according to the Mohev actually paid upon every

such

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii IIL C 37, 205

such Subscription respectively, after an Abatement or Deduction of one Moiety or half Part of the first Payment to be forfeited as aforesaid.

VI And be it furtbc enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it hall and may be lawful to and Diredlors to appoint a

for his Majesty, in and by such Charter, to empower the Court of Directors of the said Company Hourein oi near London or Corporation for the Time being, and such Court of Directors shall and may, from time to time, aathe^bufinefs0 taf" fix upon and appoint a proper Place or Houle in or near the Cities of London or Westminster, for the n

transacting the Affairs and Business of the said Company; and that the Diredlors in the said Charter Directors to be a Court, named, and their Sticceffors, or any five or more of them, shall be and be called a Court of Direc and nominate ail Officers tors, and have full Power and Authority to act as such;; that it shall and may be lawful to and and Servants j

for the said Court of Directors to meet as often as they shall think necessary or proper; and they are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and appoint such Officers and Servants, or other Persons, as shall be any ways necessary to be employed in the Management and carrying on the Affairs of the said Company, and from time to Time to dismiss such Officers and Servants from their Employ, and nominate and appoint new ones in their Stead or Steads, or to increase or lessen their Number, as such Court of Diredlors shall from time to time think proper, and to give such Orders and Diredliohs for the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation as they shall think proper, and are conlifleiit with the general Rules and Orders made by the said Corporation; and to and to take Apprentices, take, from time to time, any Number of Apprentices to be employed in the Manufadlury carried on by the said Company, upon such Terms and Conditions, and for such Number of Years, as to them shall seem meet; and to affix the Common Seal of the said Corporation to a Counterpart of the Articles of Agreement, or Indentures of apprenticeship, made with such Apprentices respectively, their Parents, Guardians or other Persons authorised to put out and bind such Apprentices respectively.

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be one General Ana Genera! Annual Court hual Court of the said Corporation, held on the fir f^jvedncfday in March in every Year, and as many to beheld, the first wei other General Courts as shall he necessary;; said General Courts shall be held at any House nefday in March, for or Place in the Cities of London or Westminster, which shall be appointed by the said Court of Di e!e^in® Directors, fedtors; of which said General Court, or any other General Courts to be called by any Court of

Diredlors of the said Company, and which Genera] Courts such Directors are hereby authorised to hold and call as often as such Court of Diredlors shall think the same necessary, ten Days Notice at the leaf!: shall be given in the London Gazette; and that the said General Court, held on the first Wednesday in March yearly, shall be the Day of Election of Diredlors, who shall be chosen out of and from the Members of the said Corporation, by the Majority of Votes of all the Members then present.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of Qualifications of Dibeing elected into or exercising the Office of a Diredtor of the said Corporation but under the Qua rector, lification following (that is to say.) that the Directors of the said Corporation shall several ly be possessed

of a Share or interest in the said Stock in their own Right respectively, not less than five hundred Pounds Capita]; and that the Diredlors shall not continue in their respective Offices any longer than they shall respectively continue to be possessed of the said Share and Interest in the said Capital Stock, in bis or their own Name and Right respectively; and that no Person shall be qualified to vote at any General Court, who shall not then be possessed of a Share or Interest in the said Capital Stock, to the Amount of two hundred Pounds at the leaf! in his own Right; and that such nnd Voters, and the Person who in his own Right shall be pbffefied of five hundred Pounds Capital Stock, shall have Number of Votes they two Votes at such General Court; and that such Person who shall be possessed in his own" ajto‘ "

Right of one thousand Pounds Capital Stock, shall have three Votes at such General Court; but no Person shall have more than three Votes upon any Account whatsoever; and if such Share or Interest of any Proprietor in the said Capital Stock shall be at any Time afterwards diminished from the Proportion herein before ascertained, that then the iame shall be no longer a Qualification for voting at any General Court.

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all Proprietors shall, (if required) membersvoiing.tofwear before they vote at any Court, take an Oath in the Form which shall be approved of by a General to their Qualifications, if Court, to be administered to them by one of the Diredlors (who are hereby authorised and im required.

powered to admir.ifler the same, or to direct such Oath to be administered by any other Person or Persons in his or their Presence) declaring their Property, Share or Interest in the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, and the Quantum thereof, and that the same, or any Part thereof, is not in Trull for any other Person or persons, and that no Person shall be admitted to vote at any such Court who shall refuse to take such Oath; and all Officers and Servants of the said Corporation officers, tee. to be sworn shall, if required by the Court of Diredlors, before they enter on their respective Offices, likewise according to the Form take an Oath in the Form which for that Purpose shall be approved by a General Court of the said approved byaccneral Corporation, to be administered by the Diredlors of the said Corporation, or any one of them, for Coutt> the due and faithful Dilchargc of their respective Offices; which Oath such Diredlors, or any one of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer, or direct the same to be administered by any other Person or Persons in his or their Presence; and in case any such Officer or Servant shall refuling or neglecting tt refuse or neglect to take such Oath for the Space of ten Days after he or they shall be chosen or ap take such Oath for 10 pointed to any such Office or Offices as aforesaid, if required, such Choice or Appointment hall be ^cctionvo: i void, and a new Election or Appointment made.

2

X And

20 6

C 37-

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

General Courts to be called on Demand of certain Subscribers j

on Refusal, they may call Such Court them fdves.

General Court may displace Directors.

X And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Directors of the said Corporation for the Time being shall be obliged, upon Demand made to them by any ten or mor Members of the said Corporation, who shall in the Whole, or together, be poffefted of not less than five thousand Pounds in the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Corporation, fueh Demand being made in Writing, and signed by the x\lembers demanding the same, and delivered at a Court of Directors to any one Member of such Court then present, to call a Genefal Court; and upon such Court of Directors refusing, or, for the Space of ten Days, negledling foto do, the Members demanding fueh Court shall be at Liberty to call and hold such General Court, upon the like Notice as Should have been given by the said court of Directors; and any General Court, either called by the Court of Directors of the said Corporation, or by any of the Members or Proprietors of the said Corporation, in Manner aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby fully authorised and empowered, to remove or displace any Diredbor, for Misbehaviour, Breach of Truib, or other just Cause, and to eledb a new Dircdtor or Diredlors in his or their Stead, in the same Manner as if he or they was or were dead, or had disqualified himself or themselves, or his or their Office, Trust or Employ, was in any other Manner become void.

Wo Member liable toany XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Member or Members of the said Corporation, or any Person or Persons having the Condudb or Diredbion of the said Manufadbury, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, Lands or Hereditaments, Goods, Chatties oreffecb, other than his or their Share or Shares in the Capital Stock and Effedbs of the said Corporation, shall be liable or fubjedb to the Payment of any Debt or Debts contradbed by or on account of the said Corporation, or the Manufadbury carried on by the said Corporation, in any other Manner than is herein after diredbed and provided.

XII Provided always and be it enadbed by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Sum Total of ball exceed the Value of all the Debts which the said Corporation shall owe at any one Time to any Person or Persons, the Capital undivided. Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall exceed the Value of the Principal or Capital Stock and Effedbs of the said Company or Corporation, which at such Time shall northeast and remain to the said corpora or if they reduce their tion undivided; or if the said Corporation, by any Dividend or Dividends whatsoever, either in the Capital so that their Name of Interest or otherwise, to be made amongst themselves, or in their private or personal Capaei smck 111311 "Y .bej11®' ties, shall reduce or lessen their Joint Stock, Principal or Capital, so that the Value of their Joint Stock,

cient to pay their Debts; n rv i. i /, _ AR, r: L ..... L tn. ts.l — .J •,, '

!Jebi

further chan his Share in the Capital,

If rhe corporate Debts

Principal or Capital shall not be sufficient to answer their just Debts then remaining unpaid; in every such Case the particular Members of the said Corporation, and every of them refpedtivcly, who in their private or personal Capacities shall receive any Share or Dividend of the Capital or Stock of the said Corporation, by which the Capital Stock of the said Corporation shall be so reduced or lessened, shall be several ly liable, and they are hereby made liable, so far as their refpedbive Shares so by them respectively received upon such Dividend or Dividends shall extend, to pay and satisfy the Debts which shall remain due and unpaid by the said Company or Corporation; and the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom such Debts shall be due and owing, shall and may sue for and recover the same; anything in this Adb contained to the contrary thereof in. any wise notwithstanding.

XIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person being or becoming a Member of, or Subscriber to, the said Corporation, for carrying on the said Manufacture in pursuance of this at, shall, by Means of becoming a Member of, or Subscriber to, or in respect of his Share or Interest in the Capital Stock of the said Corporation be, or be adjudged liable to be, a Bankrupt, within the Intent or Meaning of all or any of the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts; nor hall the Capital Stock or Effects of the said Corporation, or the Share or Interest of any particular Member therein, be liable toany Foreign Attachment whatsoever;; Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV And be it further ena£ted by the Authority aforesaid, That the particular Share of every Member in the Capital Stock or Fund of the said Corporation; and all Lands Tenements, Heredi

from theconftituwn of taments, and Estates whatsoever, held by or in Trust for them or their Successors, shall, from time the Corporation, unless t0 time, be assignable, transferrable and devifeable; but no Member or Members of the said Corporation ftiall be at liberty to sell or assign his or their Share or Interest therein, till! after the Expiration of seven Years, from the Time of the Constitution of the said Corporation; but if such Member or Members hall die or become Bankrupt, then the Share and Interest of fueh Member or Members so dying or becoming Bankrupt, of and in the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, shall and may be aftigned and transferred by his or their Executors or Administrators, Alfignce or af fignees, at any Time within the said Term of seven Years, in like Manner as the same might have

Persons receiving any Dividend by which the Capital shall be reduced, are to be personally liable to make good such D. ficiency, so far as the Dividends they shall have received shall extend.

Members not liable to Bankruptcy,

nor the Effects of the Company, or any member's Share, liable to Foreign Attachment. Shares to be assignable;; not till seven Years

in Case of Death or Bankruptcy

Members Shares, C to be personal Estates.

been done had the said Term of seven Years been fully expired; and all the Right, Title, interest. Claim and Demand, of each and every particular Member of the said Corporation, in or to the Capital Stock and Effedis whatsoever of the said Corporation, and the Gains and hicreafe thereof,, shall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted, in Conftru'etion of Law by all Judges, anj in all Courts of Law and Justice, and in all Places whatsoever, to be a Personal and not a Real Estate, and shall go to the Executors or Administrators, or other legal Representatives inti tied to the Personal Estate of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, or entitled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

1

XV And

A. D. i763.

Anno quarto Georgii III

37-

207

XV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Forging the Seal, see. r.f forge or counterfeit the Common Seal of the said Corporation, to be established in pursuance of thecoif°ration, re.on), this Actor shall forge, counterfeit or alter any Deed, Bill, Bond or Obligation, under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, or (hail offer to dispose of, or pay away any fueh forged, counterfeited or altered Bill, Bond or Obligation, knowing the same to be such, or shall demand any Money therein mentioned or pretended to be due thereon, or on any part thereof, of and from the said Corporation, or any Members, Officers or Servants thereof, knowing such Bill, Bond or Obligation

to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with

the lame Corporation, or their

Successors, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever;; Person so offending, and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall fufrer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall Breaking into a Shop, by Day or Night break into any House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place or Building, or by C " intent t0, teal Force enter into any House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, or other Place or Building, with Intent to (leal, trials ^/'implements14" cut or destroy any Linen Yarn, or any Linen Cloth, or any Manufacture of Linen Yarn belong declared to be Felony! ing to any Manufadtury, or the Looms, Tools or Implements used therein •, or shall wilfully or maliciously

cut in Pieces or destroy any such Goods, either when exposed to bleach or dry; every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cambricks and Lawns, or Cambricks and Laivns Goods of the Kind usually known under either of those Denominations, which fro.n and after the in England after tenth Day of May now next infuing shall be wove or fabricated in England, or the Principality of 1°,

Wales, hall be marked or sealed at each End of every Piece with such Mark or Seal, and by such a 1

Officer or Officers, as the Commissioners of Excise in England shall direct or appoint for that

Purpose.,

XVIII And for the greater Ease and Convenience of the Person or Persons, who shall make, Commissioners of Excise,

weave or fabricate any such Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or «p°n Request, to pro under either of those Denominations; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Yjlf se3ls' and app°'nt maybe lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or the major Part of t0 mat ‘1 e them, from time to time, upon Request made to them by any such Person or Persons, and at the 1

Expense of such Person or Persons, to provide such Seals or Marks as to them the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them shall seem proper; and to direct or appoint one or more Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers of the Excise, of the District or Division in which any such Mali u fa dlu re shall he carried on, to seal or mark each and every Piece of such Cambrick or Lawn, or Goods of the Kind usually known under either of those Denominations, which shall he made, wove or fabricated by such Person or Persons applying as aforesaid, with such Seal or Mark, or Seals or Marks, in Manner herein after mentioned and d ire died; and the Officer or Officers of who are to be paid for Excise who shall be so appointed to mark or seal such Goods, shall by the Fabricator, Maker, markings C such Weaver or Proprietor of such Goods, be paid for every Piece of such Goods which he or they shall of°°he Loom takea Ut mark or seal in pursuance of this Act, before the same shall be cut or taken out of the Loom, such Sum as the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or the major Part of them shall direct and appoint.

XIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Per Manufacturer to give

fons who shall weave, fabricate, or make any such Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind Notice to Officer of the usually known by or under either of those Denominations, shall before the same shall be taken or of every Piece,

cut out of the Loom, give Notice in Writing, of the finishing of every or any Piece or Pieces of Ends beforetaken out or such Goods, to such Supervisor or other Officer as aforesaid, who, before any such Piece of Goods the Loom.

shall be cut out of the Loom, Shall mark or seal both the Ends of every such Piece of Goods, with

such Stamp, Mark or Seal, which shall be provided and appointed for that Purpose, in Manner

aforesaid; upon Pain that every Person who Shall weave, make or fabricate such Cambricks or Penalty on taking any

Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under those Denominations, and shall cut or pjcce out of the Loom

take any Piece of such Goods out of the Loom, after the same Shall have been finished, or permit ^e^n/lia"^''^^1^0'

the same to be done without having first given such Notice in Writing, and having the Ends ^"ds marked", '"fl! and

thereof marked or sealed as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit five Pounds; and the Lois of the Goods.

Goods so cut out of the Loom without such Notice being given, and such Marks or Seals being fet

thereon in Manner herein before directed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any

Officer or Officers of the Cufioms or Excise.

XX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Supervisor or other Officer Officer, on Notice of the of Excise, of the District in which any such Manufacture of Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of finding any Pieces of the Kind usually known by or under either of those Denominations, shall be carried on, who shall j C e^ffini'nv be so as aforesaid appointed by the coii.missioners'of Excise, or the major Part of them, to mark and^ends1 l/kt™"'5' or seal such Goods, upon reasonable Notice given to him or them by any Person or Persons who dumber on each p, e.e Shall make, weave or fabricate any such Goods, that any Piece of such Goods is finished, Shall before taken out of the forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be confident with other the Duty and Business of his ij00mi

Office, in Manner herein before directed, mark or seal both Ends of every such Piece of Goods with such Mark or Seal which shall be so as aforesaid appointed and provided for that Purpose, and aifo six or feta distinct and separate Number to every Piece of such Goods before the same Shall be

taken

r

o

C 37'

Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

ami ta make n truetin taken out of the Loom; and also make a just and true Entry in Writing, in proper Books to be

tr* of the Numbers, provided for that Purpose at the Expcrce of the Manufacturer of such Goods, of the Number fet

- s, an 1 e 1 to prtrh ptppf* nf furl T jnnrls rmrl rtf t lir* Tslumlipr rtf Varrlc which pnrli Pirrp r\f fnrh ti .ill

ber of Threads in the Warp of each Piece, on Foifcitore of 10 L

to each Piece of such Goods, and of the Number of Yards which each Piece of such Goods shall contain in Length, and also of the Number of Threads contained in the Warp of each Piece of such Goods; upon Pain that every Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers so appointed as aforesaid, who shall upon reasonable Notice given as aforesaid of the finishing of any Piece of such Goods, neglect or refuse to mark or seal the Beginning and End of every Piece of such Goods in Manner herein before direeft d, or to six or feta diftimit and feparace Number on each Piece of such Goods,

or to make a true and just Entry in Manner aforesaid, of the Number fetor affixed to each Piece

Officers marking Cam' bricks or Lawns not made in England,

or marking such Goods after taken out of the Loom, to forfeit 50i. and be incapacitated.

penalty on Bribing Officers,

of such Goods, and of the Number of Yards which each each Piece thereof shall contain in Length, and also the Number of Threads contained in the Warp of each Piece of such Goods, shall for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds.

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers of the Excise, who shall be so appointed to mark or sea] such Cambricks or Lawns, or who shall have the Custody of any Marie or Seal which shall be so provided and appointed to mark or leal such Goods, shall therewith mark or seal any Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under either of those Denominations, which shall not have been made, wove and fabricated in England, or the Principality of jfahs, or shall knowingly permit it to be done, or shall mark or seal any Piece of such Goods after the same shall have been taken out of the Loom; every such Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers so marking or sealing any l'uch Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known under cither of those Denominations, or wilfully or knowingly permitting the same to be done, concrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Piece of such (Goods which he or they shall so mark or seal, or peirnit or suffer to be marked or sealed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adito be sued for and recovered in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at wejlmhijur, by Bill, Plaint or Information, by any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same; and such Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers, upon being convicted of any or either of the Offences aforesaid, shall lose his or their Office or Offices and Employments under the Excise, and is and are hereby declared and rendered ever after incapable of having, uftng or in joying any Office or Place of Trust under his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XXII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall,

by Bribery, Fraud, Covin, Deceit or Imposition, or in ay Manner whatsoever prevail on or procure any Officer or Officers of the Excise, or other Person who shall be appointed to mark or seal any Cambricks or Lawns, or who shall have the Custody of any Seal, Stamp or Mark provided and appointed for that Purpose in pursuance of this Act, to fetor affix such Mark, Seal or Stamp, to any Piece or Pieces of Cambrick or Lawn, or of Goods .of the Kind usually known under either of those Denominations, which shall not have been actually and bona side made, wove or fabricated, in that Part of Great Britain called England, or Principality of Wales, or after the same shall have been cut or taken out of the Loom, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; all and every such Offender and Offenders, and his and their Aiders, Abetters and Assistants (being theieof lawfully convicted) shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and be adjudged to Hand in the Pillory two Hours; and if any Person or Persons shall give, pay or secure, or offer to give, payor secure, to any such Officer or Officers, or other Personas aforesaid, any Bribe, Recompense or Reward, of any Kind whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade or prevail on such Officer or Officers, or other Person, ro fetor affix such Mark, Stamp or

Sea] as aforesaid, to any Piece or Pieces of Cambrick, Lawn, or other Goods directed by this Act I

to be tamped or sealed, which shall not have been actually and bona side made, wove and fabricated

in that Part of Great Britain called England, or the Principality of Wales, or after the same shall have been taken out of the Loom, such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every supervifor.or other Officer or Officers of Excise, who shall in Manner aforesaid be appointed to mark or seal

___ of all Goods they any Cambricks, Lawns, or such Kind of Goods, in pursuance of this Act, shall yearly and eyery

shall stamp, and a Copy Year (while such Officer or Officers shall have the Custody of any such Seal provided or appointed

of ..11 Entries relating for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid) in the Month, of 'June transmit and send to the Commis

t "eret0# fioners of Excise in London, a full, true and just Account in Writing of all and every Piece and

Pieces of such Goods, which he or they shall seal or stamp in pursuance of this Act; and also a true Copy of all and every Entry or Entries of any Kind whatsoever, .which he or they shall make in any such Book or Books provided for that Purpose, in any wise relating thereto, for or during the twelve Calendar Months next preceding the said Month of June; dittinguifhing in such Accounts the several Manufacturers or Proprietors, if there shall be more than one such in such officer's District, who shall have made or be Owners of such Goods, upon Pain of being dismissed from his or their Employ as an Officer or Officers of Excise; and all and every such Officer or Officers having the Custody of any such Stamp, Mark or Seal as aforesaid, bis or their Executors Officers C to deliver or Administrators, or such other Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power the same shall fall or up Seals, C to Com come by the Death of such Officer or Officers, or in any other Manner, sit all, upon Demand or n.ifiioners of Excise, on Order from or by .the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, deliver upto such Corn demand, on a Penalty missioneri', or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, all and every such of zool, Seal

Officers to transmit to the Commissioners of Excise an annual Ac

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 37. 209

Seal or Seals which shall have been delivered to such Officer or Officers, or by any other Means come or fallen into the Hands, Custody or Power of such Officer or Officers, or other Persons whatsoever; upon Pain that any such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons refufmg or neglecting foto do upon any such Order or Demand as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in like Manner with the other Penalties inflicted by this Act, by any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Cambrick or Lawn, or Camfoickt and i.awns Goods of the Kind usually. known by or under either of those Denominations, made, wove or fabri made in England after cated in England, or the Principality of Wales, after the Paid tenth Day of May. next ensuing, shall i May 1764, sound be found in any House, Shop, Warehouse, Room, Cellar, Vault or other Place in England, 0r "nftampt, nay be 'eized. Principality of Wales, without being marked or sealed at each End of every Whole and Entire Piece,

and at one End of every Remnant of such Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually

known by or under those Denominations, all such Goods shall be forfeited, and shall and may be

seized by any Supervisor or other Officer or Officers of the cufloms.or Excise, and such Supervisor

or other Officer or Officers is and are hereby indemnified for seizing such Goods; and all such

Goods so seized ball and may be.depofited in the Customhouse Warehopfe, or in.the Excise Office

next to the Place where the same shall be seized, and after condemnation thereof by due Course of

Law, shall be publicly sold to the bed: Bidder; and that one Moiety of the .Produce arising by the

Sale thereof, after deducting the Charges and Expenses attending the Condemnation and Sale of

such Goods, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety

thereof to such Supervisor or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, who shall seize or sue for the

same; and all and every Person or Persons who shall sell or expose to Sale, or have ill his or their Person: expofimr to Sale

Cu (tody for that Purpose, any Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or or having in their Cuito

under either of those. Denominations, made and fabricated in England, or the Principality of dy forsale.such Goods

Wales, and not marked or sealed at both Ends of every entire Piece, and at one End of every Rem to forieit

nant of such Goods, in Manner by this Act directed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum "°° '

of two hundred Pounds, to be recovered and divided in Manner herein after directed.

XXV And be it further enacted' by the Authority aforesaid. That no Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods condemnedh Goods of the Kind usually known by or under either of those Denominations, which after the said virtue of this Act, not tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four shall be seized and condemned by vir to be worn here, but tue of this Act, shall be consumed or worn in this Kingdom, but shall be exported, and not sold doid for Exportation, otherwise than on Condition to be exported, and shall not be.delivered out of the Warehouse where.euyet5t0£lve the same shall have been secured, until sufficient Security by Bond,, to be. approved of by the Col ecurl y'

ledlor of the Port from whence such Goods shall be exported, in the Penalty of double the Value of the Goods to be given by the Exporter thereof, that the same and every Part thereof shall be exported, and not relanded in any Part of Great Britain.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Persons counterfeiting shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, forge or counterfeit any Stamp, Mark or Seal, to resemble the Seal, cor selling any Stamp, Alark or Seal, vyhich shall be provided or used in pursuance of this Actor shall forge. Goods with acountcr resemble or counterfeit the Impression of any such Mark, Stamp or Seal, upon any Goods required yelui &C' gu‘ty by this Adito be stamped, marked or sealed, or shall import or bring into England any foreign ' "

Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under either of those Denominations, having any such counterfeit Mark, Seal, Stamp or Impression thereon, or sell or expose to

Sale any Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under either of those.

Denominations, with such counterfeit Mark, Seal, Stamp or Impression thereon, knowing such Stamp, Mark or Seal to be counterfeited; every such Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be judged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXVII Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may Cambricks or Lawns be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, or the major Partrnade or lwsun in ene of them, at any Time within two Months next after the Commencement of this Act, to order and land be!i0te.c. direct all such Cambricks and Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under either of 1113 L ° those Denominations, which shall have been made or begun to be made, wove and fabricated in

England or Wales, at any Time before the Commencement of this Acl, to be sealed or marked at both Ends of every Piece thereof with such Mark or Seal which shall be provided and appointed as aforesaid, notwithstanding the same shall have been taken out of the Loom (Proof being first made upon Oath to the Satisfadlion of the said Commissioners, that all such Goods were really and bona side made or begun to be made,, wove and fabricated in England or Wales, before the Commencement of this Act); which Goods so marked or sealed, and numbered in pursuance of such Diredlions, shall and may be sold, disposed of and used, in like Manner as if the same had been made or wrought after the Commencement of this Act, and all the Diredlions thereof fully complied with; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and the Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers of the Excise, who shall be directed to mark or seal and number such Goods, fnall make the like Entry of the Number of Yards in Length, and Number, of Threads contained in the Warp of each Piece of such Goods, and the Number fet thereon, in like Manner and under the like Penalties as herein before directed, with respect to Cambricks or Lawns made after the Commencement of this Act.

Vol. IX E e

XXVIII And

C 38.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

applied.

A Capias to iftuc for the Penalties in the first pro cess.

Seizures and Penalties, XXVIII Amt be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Goods which shall how to be recoeered and je yeizc(j or condemned in pursuance of this Act, and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in any of his majesty's Courts ot Record at Wejhninfler, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in the Name of his majesty's Attorney General, or in the Name or Names of any such Supervisor or other Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise as aforesaid, except in such Cases where it is otherwise provided by this Act; and that one Moiety of the clear Produce arising from the Sale of all such Goods, and of all the pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, after all Charges deducted, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi'ors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Officer or Officers, or such other Person who, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall seize, inform or prosecute for the same.

XXIX And he it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Action, Bill,. Plaint or Information, entered or filed as aforesaid, for any pecuniary Penalty imposed by this Act, a Capias in the first Process shall and may issue specifying the Sum of the Penalty sued for; and the

Dei'cndaats to give Bail. Defendant or Defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient Bail or Security by natural born Subjects, Persons naturalised or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias shall be directed, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall iitue, at the Day of the Return of such avrii, to answer such Suit or Prosecution; and shall likewise, at the Time of such Appearance, give sufficient Bail or Security, by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he, she or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her or their Body or Bodies to Prison.

XXX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against an Person or Persons, for Recovery of any of the pecuniary Penalties inflicted by this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within twelve Calendar Months next after thecaufe of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere;; the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the same was clone by the Authority of this Act : And if it shall appear to have been so done, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs; the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law.

XXXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Cambricks or Lawns, or Goods of the Kind usually known by or under either of those Denominations, shall be seized by virtue or in pursuance of this or any other Aft now in Force; or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, against any Officer of the Cuftoins or Excise, or any other Person for anything done in pursuance of this or any other Aft now in Force, and any Doubt or Question shall arise where such Goods were manufactured, the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer of such Goods, and not on the Person who seized the same, or against whom such Action shall be brought; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Thing in this Act contained shall be extended or construed, deemed or taken, to prevent the Sale of, or lay any Kind of Restriction on any Linen Goods whatsoever, really and bona side made, wove or fabricated in Scotland or Ireland; but that all such Goods shall and may be lawfully sold and used in England, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXXIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be a Public Aft, and be judicially taken Notice ofas such, by all Judges,. Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Limitation of Actions,

General Issue,

Treble Costs,

Onus probandi to lie on the Claimer.

Act not to extend to Scotland or Ireland.

Public Aft.

CAP. XXXVIII

An Act; for allowing further Time for Inrollments of Deeds and Wills made by pa picts; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Preamble reciting the ‘ "T HERE AS by a Clause in an Act: of Parliament passed in the third Year of the Reign

Acts 3geo. j. C is. ‘ y of his late Majesty King George the First, entitled. An Act for explaining an Act faffed

‘ in the laji Sefficm of Parliament, entitled.An Act to oblige Papijis to regifier their Names and Real

* Ejlates, and for enlarging the Time for such Regijlering; and for fccurirg Purcbajes made by Prote 1 f ants it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our ‘ Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no Manors, Lands, 1 enements. Hereditaments e or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, ftiould pals, alter or change from any Papist 4 or Person professing the Popish Religion, by any Deed or Will, except such Deed, within six C Months after the Date, and such Will, within six Months after the Death of the Testator, (hold

* be enrolled in one of the king's Courts of Record at ifcjhuinfcr, or else within the same County 4 or Counties wherein the Manors, Lands and Tenements lie', in such Manner as therein for that

10 Geo. 2, C 4.. ‘ Purpose is particularly directed: : whereas by several Acts of Parliament made in the tenth

Year

A.D... 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 38. 211

4 Year of his raid late majesty's Reign, and in the third, sixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, sixteenth 1 Geo. z. C zg.

‘ and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, it was enacted, 6 Gn. 2. e. 5.

* That every Deed and Will which had been then made since the twenty-ninth Day of September S *•c• 6,

* one thotifand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, *' ee'

‘ Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist l6 Ga X C 32.

* or Person professing the Popish Religion, though not then enrolled, should be as good and effec 15 C 2. C j6.

* tual in the Law, as the same would have been in Case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled

* within the Time limited, by the said Clause in the said ftrft mentioned Aft, for Inrollment there

* provided the said Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the respective Times in the ‘ said several Acts respectively mentioned, in such Manner as by the said first mentioned Aft was

‘ directed: : whereas by another Aft made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma 16 Gt0• *• C 24*

4 jesty King Gerrge the Second, it was enacted, That every Deed and Will made since the first

* of December one thousand seven hundred and forty six, in order to pass, alter or change any ‘ Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit ‘ thereout, from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, to any Protestant or Prote ‘ ftants, or by or by reason of which Deed or Will any Protestant or Protestants may claim or de ‘ rive any legal, equitable or other Interest whatsoever, to his, her or their Use, for his, her or their

* Benefit, or to the Use or Benefit of any other Protestant or Protestants, though not enrolled, or not ‘ enrolled in due Time, should be as good and effeftua! in the Law, as the same would have been in ‘ case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the ‘ said Acts for the Inrollment thereof, provided the same Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or ‘ before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, in such Manner as by the

‘ said Clause in the said first mentioned Aft is directed: : whereas by an Act made in the twenty *8 Gto. z.c. 10.

‘ eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, it was enacted that every'

4 Deed and Will made since the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fe ‘ venteen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or ‘ any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist or Person professing the Po

* Religion, to any Protestant or Protestants, or by or by reason of which Deed or Will, any ‘ Protestant or Protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable or other Interest whatsoever, to ‘ his, her or their Use, for his, her or their Benefit, or to the Use or Benefit of any other Protestant or ‘ Protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due Time, should be as good and effeftua] in 4 the Law, as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within

* the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrollment thereof, provided the ‘ same Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven ‘ hundred and fifty six, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Aft is di

* : And whereas by an Act made in the thirty first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 3j Ceo. 2. <•

‘ King George the Second, it was enacted. That every Deed and Will made since the twenty

‘ ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pafsr alter or change

* any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Pro ‘ sits thereout, from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, to any Protestant or Pro 4 teftants, or by or by reason of which Deed or Will any Protestant or Protestants may claim or de ‘ rive any legal, equitable, or other Interest whatsoever, to his, her or their Use, for his, her or

* their Benefit, or to the Use or Benefit of any other Protestant or Protestants, though not enrolled,

‘ or not enrolled in due Time, should be as good and effectual in the Law, as the same would have ‘ been in case the same Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited by the said ‘ Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrollment thereof, provided the said Deeds and Wills should he ‘ enrolled on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty-nine, in such

‘ Manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Aft is directed: : whereas by an Act 33 Geo. 2. C 13.

‘ passed in the thirty third Year of his said late majesty's Reign, it was enacted. That every Deed ‘ and Will made since the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen,

‘ in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Inte 4 terest therein, or any Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist: or Person professing the Popish Re ‘ ligion, to any Protestant or Protestants, or by or by reason of which Deed or Will any Protestant 4 or Protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable or other Interest: whatsoever, to his, her or ‘ their Use, for his, her or their Benefit, or to the Use or Benefit of any other Protestant or Pro ‘ teftants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due Time, Shall be as good and effectual in the ‘ Law, as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the ‘ L imes limiter by the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrollment thereof, provided the same ‘ Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand

* hundred and sixty, in such Manner as by the said Clause in the said first mentioned Aft is and 2 Geo. 3. C zi. ‘ directed: : whereas by an Act made in the second Year of his present majesty's Reign, it was

* enacted. That every Deed and Will made since the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand 4 seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements ‘ or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist or Per

* professing the Popish p eligion, to any Protestant or Protestants, or by or by reason of which ‘ Deed or Will, any Protestant or Protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable or other In —

4 terest whatsoever, to his, her or their Use, for his, her or their Benefit, or to the Use or Benefit 4 of any other Protestant or Protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due Time, shall be 4 as good and effectual in the Law, as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills

E e - 4 had

C 39.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 176

Further Time given for inrolling Deeds and Wills of Papists, till 1 Jan, 1765.

1 had been enrolled within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrollmcnt ‘ thereof, provided the same Deeds and Wills should be enrolled on or before the twenty-fifth Day ‘ of December one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, in such Manner as by the said Clause in ‘ the said first mentioned Aft is directed Be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temp6ral, and Commons, in thispre sent Parliament alfembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Deed and Will made since the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass alter or change any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, or any Rent or Profit thereout, from any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, to any Protestant or Protestants, or by reason of which Deed or Will, any Protestant or Protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other Interest whatsoever, to his, her or their Use, for his, her or their Benefit, or to the Use or Benefit of any other Protestant or Protestants, though not enrolled, or not enrolled in due Time, shall be as good and effectual in the Law, as the same would have been in case the said Deeds and Wills had been enrolled within the Times limited by the said Clauses in the said Acts for the Inrollmcnt thereof, provided the same Deeds and Wills shall be enrolled on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty five in such Manner as by the said Clause in the fain first mentioned Aft is directed.

II Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any such Deed, Will or Lease, already made and not enrolled, of the want ofln rollment whereof Advantage shall have been taken on or before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, but every such Deed, Will or Lease, shall remain of such Force and Effect only, as the same would have had if this Act had 'never been made, and of none other Force and Effect.

‘ III And whereas many Purchases made by Protestants, may be in Danger of being impeached ‘ or called in Question, in Regard that forne Deeds, or Wills, through which the Title thereto is ‘ derived, ought to have been enrolled according to the said Acts, but have not been so enrolled Be it therefore further enzfted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Purchase made for full and valuable Consideration of any Manors, Mefiuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Interest therein, by any Protestant or Protestants, and merely and only for the Penefit of the Protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason that any Deed or Will through which the Title thereto is derived, hath not been enrolled as required by the said Acts, so as no Advantage was taken of Inrollment thereof, before such Purchase was made, and so as no Decree or Judgement have been obtained for want of the Inrollment of such Deeds or Wills.

IV Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any Grant, Lease or Mortgage, of the Advowson, or Right of Presentation, Collation,. Nomination or Donation, of and to any Benefice, Prebend or Ecclesiastical Living, School, hospital or Donative, or any Avoidance thereof, made by any Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, in Trust, directly or indiredlly, mediately or immediately, by or for any such Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, whether such Trust hath been declared by Writing or not.

CAP. XXXIX

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, two several Acts of Parliament,, made in the second and third Years of his present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, and lighting the Squares, Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Wejtminflcr and other Places therein mentioned, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Preamble. '' "ST THEREAS an Act was made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in

1 C 3. t. n. ‘ VV tituled, An Act for pavings cleaning and lighting, the Squares, Streets, and Lares, within the

City and Liberty of Weffminster, the Parishes ofsaint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, saint.george Bloomsbury, that Part of the Parish of Saint andrew's Holbourn which lies in the County s/'middlefex, the several Liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas another Aft was made in the last Sefllon of Parliament, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the last mentioned Aft : And whereas the commissioners for putting the said two several Acts in Execution, have made some further Progress in the Trusts thereby reposed in them, but find that both the said Acts are defective with respect to some of the Powers thereby given; nor can the said Acts be effectually put in Execution, so as to answer the good Purpcfes thereby intended, unless some new Powers are granted, and the said Acts, in other Respects, amended and made more effectual; ' May it therefore please your Majesty that t may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem whtre afufficientnum bled, and by the Authority of the same. That if at any Time or Times, from and after the passing ter i f Commissioners of this Act, it shall happen that there shall not appear, at any Meeting which shall be appointed to ibail not meet toaftand or held hythe paid Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners, as provided for by

3! 'ouin' the said recited Acts, to aft at such Meeting, and to adjourn to another Day, that then, in such

Case,

Nn Deed, Will, or Lease, made pood hereby, whereof Advantage has been taken of the non inrollment thereof, before I Jan. 1764.

Purchases made by Protestants shall land good if no Advantage has been taken for non inroll ment.

No Grant Lease, or Mortgage, of the Advowson, or Right of Presentation to a Living, C made by any Papist; in Trust, See. to be hereby deemed good.

3 Geo, 3. C 23r

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii 111, C 39. 213

Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, C e, k is t0 mon and he is hereby required to summon the said Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last an, h" ^ieetme 5. Meeting was appointed to be held, within six Days next after the Day'on which such lad Meeting be deiiver^fou^days° was appointed to be held; such Summons to be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk, and to be de before, at the comnuf livered at the usual or last Place of Abode of the said Commissioners, at least four Days before such lionets Houles, next Meeting; and in case the said Clerk shall happen to die before such Summons issued, or shall Clerk dying, orneglea neglect to iifue such Summons in Manner aforesaid, then the Treasurer to the said Commissioners ins thetreafurer is 10 for the Time being shall and may, and he is hereby required to issue such Summons in mannerfummon fuih Meeting, aforesaid.

II And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That all arid every the Powers Autho Powers and Clauses in the rities, Directions, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever, contained in Present nd so, mer Aas, the said recited former Acts, and this Act, or either of them, shall extend, to all Places, not Though e*tended t0 *'•'* ac roughfares, within the said Parishes, Precindls and Places, comprised in the said former Acts, in e K al such and the same Manner as they already extend, or are hereby intended to extend, to Places t

which are Thoroughfares, as effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the respective Powers,

Authorities, Directions, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said acts or either of them contained, were herein repeated and specially enacted.

* III And whereas by the said act of the second Year of his present Majesty, the Commissioners for Clause in Aft 2 Geo. 3, ‘ putting the said act in Execution, are directed to cause the Works done under the Authority of‘••21. requiring a Rc ‘ the said act, to be inspected by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons appointed Port t0 be b? the 1 by them for that Purpose, who are to report to the Commissioners, in case the said Works shall perfn'rrnanc" of Contrail ‘ not be performed according to the true Sense of the contract or Contracts entered into for that beforethecommissioneis ‘ Purpose, before the said Commissioners can cause the Person or Persons so contracting, to be sued bring an Action for the ‘ for Nonperformance of their contract, which Method has been found inconvenient; ' Where same, repealed, fore, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said act as requires and directs a Report to be made by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, before any Action shall be brought against any Person so contracting, shall be and the same is hereby declared to he repealed.

IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the Receivers, or other Ter receiver or Receivers of the Rates or Assess'ments appointed or to be appointed by the said Com klns authorised bv the missioner, or any or cither of such Receiver or Receivers, or for any other Person or Persons au toi^fpect'and ' thorifed by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, at all convenient Times (first take'cepies of, or Exhaving an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for tracts from, the Books that Purpose) to inspect the Books or Rates made for railing Money for the Relief and Maintenance of p' ors Rates in the fe of the Poor of all or any of the Parishes or Places comprehended within the said recited acts, or to^fattafruhe' AC either of them, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be raised by virtue of this and the ferffmentj be „, ade said two recited acts, and also to take Copies thereof, or make Extracts therefrom, and likewise virtue or the recited

to inspect and take Copies of, or extracts out of or from, any Book or Books kept by any Parish Acts.

Officer or Officers, or other Officer or Officers appointed by Authority of Parliament, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or County of Middlesex, for the paving, cleansing, or lighting, any Square, Street, Lane, Place or district, in London, Wejhnlnjler or Middlesex;; inspection. Copies and extracts, the Vestry Clerk or Vestry Clerks, or other Officer or Officers of the respective Parishes and Places, or other Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, having the Custody of such Book and Rate, Books and Rates, arc hereby required to permit and fufter to be made, without Fee or Reward, by such Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, on their producing an Order under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, for that Purpose; and in case any such Vestry Clerk, or other such Officer or Offi Penalty of such Refusal, ceis, or Person or Persons, shall neglect or refuse foto do, within three Days after such Order shall be produced and shown to him or them, or a Copy thereof left at his or their last or most usual Place of Abode, then and in every such Case, he or they so refusing or neglecting shall for the first Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the secondo, fence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third, and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and

for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, and at all Times here Commissioners allowed after, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons against whom the said Commissioners, or '? c°mp°°nd rr p™31 any five or more of them, shall bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, " ° C°'

for any Penalty or Penalties contained in any Contract or Contradts already entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract or Contradts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they, or any five or more of them shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for, be not Id's than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contradts, and all the Colts, Charges and Expenses which shall be occasioned thereby.

VI And for the more efredtual and proportional rating Dead Walls, Void Spaces of Ground,

and other Buildings and Eredtions belonging to any Land, House, Shop, Wareboufe, Cellar, Dead Walls, Void Spaces Vault, or other Tenement; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the ?f Ground and Gulld* f,; d Como iffioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby required, when and at such land^house0

Time and Times as the Rates and afleftments hereby and in the said recited Acts, or either of them sbnp, chow to be' are directed to be made, to rate and assess all such Dead Walls, Void Spaces of Ground, and other rated and affeited,

Buildings

214-

Charges of altering or repairing defective or bad Pavements, to be paid by the Tenant or Occupier

and if not paid aftet due Notice given.

any Justice for the County, C upon Complaint thereof, may issue his Warrant for bringing the Offender before him j

and may afterwards levy the Expense by Distress and Sale,

Contracts between Landlord and T enant concerning keeping Pavements in Kepair, not altered by this Act,

Defective or bad Pavements belonging to Lands or Houses, C untenanced, to be repaired by the commis iioners at the Expense of the Owners j and if not paid after due Notice given.

the Treasurer may bring an Action for the same

3. 39. Anno quarto Georgii III A.D... 1763.

Buildings and Eredlions, belonging to any fueh Land, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, situate, standing, lying and being within the said Patifhes and Places comprehended within the said recited Acts, or this Act, or either of them, at a Rate not exceeding sixpence for every Square Yard belonging to such Dead Wall, Void Space of Ground, Building, or other Eredtion, over and above what such Land, House, Shop, yvarehouse, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, to which such Dead Wall, Void Space of Ground, Building or Eredtion belongs, shall by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this present Act, or either of them, be rated at the said Rates or afteltments, to be laid, received, recovered and applied, in such Manner as other Rates and afleftments are diredied to be laid, received, recovered and applied, by the said former Acts, or this Act, or either of them.

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any defective or had Pavement shall be mended, altered or repaired, by the Order or Dirediion of the said Commifiloners, or any three or more of them, by virtue of the Powers given by the Act passed in the third Year of his present majesty's Reign; the Charges and Expenses thereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of the respective Lands, Houses, Shops, warc houses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements to which such Payments shall adjoin, appertain or belong 5 and such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Vaults, or other Tenements, are and hall be liable to pay the whole of such Charges and Expenses; and in case such Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers, shall trot within ten Days after the same shall be demanded, by a Notice thereof in Writing given to him, her or them, or left at his, her or their last or moil usual Place of Abode, pay or cause to be paid the said Charges and Expenses to the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (which said Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Commissioners for the Time being, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expense of such Repairs) it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons foto be appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same, to make Complaint thereof to any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting shall be and rtfide; and such Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorised and required to issue a Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause the Party or Parties to he brought before him or them, and upon the Party or Parties appearing, or not being to be found after due Inquiry, and Proof thereof by the Oath of the Party making such Inquiry (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confeftlon of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such

Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) it shall appear to such uftice or Justices, that such Charges and Expenses have been incurred by the said Commifiloners, and not paid or satisfied by the Party or Parties as aforesaid, then such Justice or Justices may, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to issue a Warrant or Warrants under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, for the levying the same, by Distress and Say of the Goods and Chattels of such Party or Parties; and if after full Payment thereof, together with all Charges attending such Distress and Sale, there shall be an Overplus, then the same shall be paid to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand.

VIII Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken to make void any Contract, Covenant or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, touching or concerning the keeping in Repair such Pavement.

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That when any defective or bad Pavement adjoining or belonging to any Land, House. Shop, Wareboufe, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement, or to any Part or Parts thereof, which shall then be untenanted or unoccupied, shall by the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, be mended, altered or repaired, then and in every such Case, the Expense of mending, repairing or altering such Pavement shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Land, House, Shop, Warehouie, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement respectively;; in case of nonpayment thereof within ten Days next after Notice in Writing, to be signed by the Clerk to the said Commifiloners for the Time being, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, given or left at the last or most usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or of the known Agent or Agents, Steward or Stewards, to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors to pay the same; and in case such respective Place of Abode shall not be known, and upon Inquiry, not to be found, such Inquiry to be verified upon Oath before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, who is and are hereby authorised to administer the same to the Person or Persons making such Inquiry; then within ten Days next after Notice in Writing, signed as aforesaid, shall be affixed on some conspicuous Part of such Land, House, Shop, Wareboufe, Cellar, Vault, or other Tenement respectively; in every such Case, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, fnall and may, if they shall think proper, bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Actions in the Name of their Treafurerfor the Time being, a ainft any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, for the Money at any Time so due; in which Action or Actions no eftoiiv, Protection or wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

3

X And

A.D... 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 39. 215

X And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, for the future, run, drive, of running, draw or cause to be run, driven or drawn, on any of the Foot Pavements of any of the Paid Squares, wt"? "si a™" wheel streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, paftages or Places, which hall be begun to be paved by iarrovor oath car virtue of the Paid former Acts, or either of them, or of this Act, any Wheel or Wheels, Sledge, rjage, on any of the Foot wheel barrow or any Carriage whatsoever, such Person or Persons shall forfeit for the first Of Pavements.

fence, the Sum of ten Shillings; for the second Offence, the Sum of twenty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings.

XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as any Part of Notice to be given to the Pavements of any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, paftages or Places, le Commissioners sur which shall be begun to be paved by virtue of this or the said two recited Acts, shall be taken up ™ v°pa°vrement^for81be by any Person or Persons, for the Purpose of making, repairing or altering any Vault or Drain, puyrporje07making, re or for any other Purpose whatsoever; the Person or Persons so taking up such Pavement or Pave pairing or altering any ments, shall immediately give Notice thereof to the Surveyor or Surveyors employed by the Com Vault or Drain, C missioner for putting this and the said recited Acts in Execution, in order rhat the same may, with in order that the same all convenient Speed, be laid down and repaired, under the Inspection of the said Surveyor or Sur may 6e relaid under his veyors; and the Charges and Expenses thereof shall be paid by the said Commissioners, and they jyrpei3™1

shall be reimbursed the same by the Person or Persons, Companies of waterworks, or Commiflio the^pence/and they ners of Sewers, who shall take up, or cause or procure to be taken up, the said Pavement or are to be reimbursed by Pavements, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in case such Person or Persons, Companies of Water the Persons taking up works or Commissioners of Sewers respectively, shall neglect or refuse to pay what the said Com such Pavements: missioners shall have so paid and disbursed, within ten Days next after Notice thereof, to he left, after*duen J" by the Receiver or Receivers appointed, or to be appointed by the said Commissioners, at the Dwel ct uc otke

ling house or last Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Secretary or Secretaries,

Clerk or Clerks of such Companies of waterworks, or Commissioners of Sewers respectively;

which Notice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to the Comniiffioners for putting this

and the said recited Acts into Execution, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more

of them, and annexed to the Bill containing an Account of the Expense of such Repair; it shall

and may be lawful to and for the said last mentioned Commissioners, or any three or more of them,

and they are hereby authorised and empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Ac an Afin may be

tions, in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, for the Reco ^^treafurepsname

very of such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have so expended, for the relaying and repairing ln e rea Lrei s ame

such Pavement or Pavements taken up in Manner aforesaid;; in case such Person or Persons penaky of not giving

hereby directed to give such Notice to the Surveyor or Surveyors, as is before directed, shall neglcdt due Notice of the taking

foto do, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after such Pavement or Pavements be so taken up, up such Pavements.

such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of twenty

Shillings.

XII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and so often as there shall Where it (hail be necef be Occasion, after the passing of this Adito make new, or additional, or repair, or alter any of „r^0, nor ah«ol<t the old Grates belonging to the Commissioners of Sewers, in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, ones, the^ccmmissione s Courts, Yards, Alleys, paftages or Places, which have been or shall be, begun to be paved by vir of Sewers ate to pay the tue of this and the said two former Acts, the same shall be made new, repaired or altered at the Expense;

Expense of the said Commissioners ofseweis; and the same, when so made new, repaired or al and the Grates are to be tered, shall be laid down in such Places, and at such Distance from each other, and in such Man said down as the sur ner and Form, as shall be directed by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Commissioners appointed by i lius

the said recited Acts, or either of them, at the Expense of the said Commissioners of Sewers; and the Commissioners of in case the said Commissioners of Sewers shall negtedt or refuse foto do, for the Space of ten Days Sewers neglect, C next after Notice given, or left with their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, it shall and may be the Commissioners under lawful to and for the said Commissioners appointed by the said recited Acts, or any three or more this Act rna' order, he of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, to cause such Grate or Grates as shall be necessary to be e

made new, repaired, altered and laid down, to be so made new, repaired, altered and laid down; hurfedby °tbe commis thc Expense whereof shall be reimbursed and paid by the said Commissioners of Sewers. fionera of Sewers.

‘ XIII And whereas several of the Srreets, Lanes and other Places, comprehended within the ‘ said two recited Acts, or this Act, or either of them, are in same Parts thereof very narrow, and ‘ are greatly obstructed and made dangerous to Foot paftengers, by Steps being brought out from ‘ several Houses into the Streets; Steps and Doors, going down into Cellars, Vaults, and other ‘ Places belonging to such Houses; and by show glasses, show boards, or other Matters or Things ‘ projedling from Shops or Houses, over and beyond the Area belonging to such Houses, or into the Foot Ways; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of Commissioners empower this Act, all such Steps projedling into the Foot Ways of the Streets, all Steps and Doors going ed to remove and alter down out of the footways into any Cellars, Vaults or other Places, belonging to any House, Shop, a11 steps projecting into Warehouse or Tenement, as likewise all show glasses or show boards projecting over and beyond the ^ doors^m' duwn Areas, or into the Foot Ways; and all and every other Material, Matter or Thing belonging to any outo/tfeloot^ways1 Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars or other Buildings, which cause or occasion any Nuisance, An into Cellars, show noyance, Encroachment or Obstruction in any of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Y ards, glasses and other Matters, paftages or other Places (either in the Foot or Carriage Ways thereof) which shall be begun to be eaufmg an Obfiruction paved by virtue of this and the said two former Acts, shall be, at the Expense of the said Commis or Npfadc' s‘n the cum' loners, removed, fixed, placed or altered, in such Manner and Form as shall be approved of by the mm a ages" said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors by their Direction.

XIV And

C

39-

Anno quarto gf.orgii III

A. D. 1763.

his Duty.

2 lf\ & M. fiat. 2. C 8.

Penalty nf obnructinp XIV And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons ihalj, r other 'cr at any Time or Times hereafter, obstruct, hinder or molest any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other " ' XL utl01‘ 0 Officer or Officers, Person or Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be employed to put this and the

said two former acts, or either of them, in Execution, in the Performance or Execution of their Duty; every such Person and Persons so offending fltall, for the first Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; for the second Offence the Sum of forty Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of three Pounds.

‘ XV And whereas all that Part of a certain Street or Place called Swallow Street (which is ‘ situate in the two several Parishes of Saint ''fames and Saint George Hanover Square, within the LI ‘ herty of jfejhninjler; and extends from the West End of a public Way or Passage called Major ' foubcrt's Passage, in the said Parish of Saint James, and from the East End of Conduit Street in the' ‘ said Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, Northwards, to a certain Street or Place called oxf.rd ‘ Road) bath for several Years past been, and (fill is, in all Respects completely paved as a Street,

‘ with Houses of Habitation, and other Buildings regularly erected and built on each Side thereof: And whereas the said Part of Swallow Street above described, was not a Street (at the Time of pasting an at of Parliament in the second Year of the Reigns of the late King William and (lueen Mary, made (anongft other Things) for paving and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of ‘ London and ivejhninfter, and Suburbs and iliberties thereof) but was then, and for several Years ‘ after, used as a common gravelled Lane or Elighway, not built upon as a Street, and was called ‘ Marybone Lane; and therefore some Doubts have lately arisen, whether the said Part of Swallow C Street above described, is or is not now a Street within the Meaning of the said last mentioned Acct ‘ of Parliament, with refpedf to the Paving thereof, and keeping the fafne in Repair For the obviating of which Doubts, be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Part of Swallow Street herein before described, shall at all Times hereafter be, and be deemed and taken to be a s "e "7 C e a pu lck Public Street, and Part of Sivalloiv Street aforesaid, to all Intents, Conftrudtions and Purposes and to'be within the whatsoever, and within the Meaning 'of the said Atft of Parliament, made in the said second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; anything in this or in any former at or Adds of Parliament contained, or any other Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, may, and they are hereby empowered to make, or cause to be made, any Paftage or Passages, through any Square or Place within the Parishes and Places comprised in the said recited Adds or this present Add, with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, and at the Expense of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof; and if any such new Passage or Passages shall be made, the said Commiflioncrs may

snd to pave, cleanse and pave, repair, cleanse and light the same, in like Manner, and under the same Powers, Proviftons, Rules, Regulations and Authorities, and is herein and in the said two several recited Adds provided, in Refpecd of the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Yards, Passages and Places before mentioned.

XVII Provided always. That no Part of the Moneys that shall be given by Parliament for the Purposes of this and the said two recited Adds, nor any Part of the Moneys, that shall be raised by

The whole of Swallow Street above described,

Meaning of th; 2 W. & M. ft.

Act of 2. C 8.

Commissioners empowered, with Consent of the Proprietors, and at their Expense, to make any new Passages,

light the lame'.

No Part of the Moneys granted by Parliament,

beappfiedtn1purchafin*° t^le ^ates t0 ke made and levied by virtue of this and the said two recited Adds, shall be applied Houses or Ground for to the Purpose of purchasing the said Lands or Houses, or either of them, or the Ground or Soil thereof.

‘ XVIII And whereas by the said recited Add of the second Year of his present Majesty, Power ‘ is given to the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to make a new Passage, or ‘ widen the old one, from drury-lane into Great Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Giles in the ‘ Fields, in the County of Middlesex, at or near a certain Place called The devil's Cap, and near ad ‘ joining to the East End of Long Acre, in Manner, and upon the Terms and Conditions, in the ‘ said Add mentioned Be it therefore further enadded by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed to be paid for the Premises mentioned in the said first recited Add, or such Part thereof as shall be necessary to be purchased for that Purpose; faction made to the ow or if no Agreement or Contract shall be made, then upon making Satisfaction, in Manner herein ners, to takedown such after mentioned, to the Owners of, and Persons interested in, such Premises, it shall and may be Ifuufes as fltall be necef iawfu] t0 anj for tie fajj Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to take down, or cause or procure to be taken down, all such House or Houses, with the Appurtenances, on the South Side of the said Cap, or any Part or Parts of all or such of the said Houles as shall be necessary for the Purpose (not exceeding in the Whole six such Houses) and to cause the Materials thereof to be removed and taken away.

XIX And be it further enadded by the Authority aforesaid, That if anybody Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Truld, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees or other Trustees, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in any wise interested in any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Houses, Grounds or Hereditaments, upon ten Days Notice to them given or left in Writing at the dwelling house or Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Hereditaments, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or

the above Purpose.

Jn order to make a new Passage, or open the old pne, at the devil's Cap near Long Acre,

the Commissioners are empowered, upon such Money as shall be agreed on being paid, or Satisfy

for that Purpose;

And where the Pei Tonnes interested in such Lands 2nd Houses

shall re*ufe to treat or

u C 1 u C '*■ uuiiilo, uuuuuigo, vjiuuuua <11111 1 icicu 1 uuuculo, mail iichicci cn iciuic lu lic.il, ui

agree ore e aet creo, fjaai] not agree for the .Sale of any such Lands, Tejiemepts, Houses, Buildings, Grounds or Here

ditaments,

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 39.

217

ditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for their Interest therein, or by reason of Abfenee or otberv/ife, shall be prevented from treating as aforesaid;; and in any fueh Case, the said com missioner, or any seven or more of them, shall eaufe it to be inquired into, and ascertained, by and

upon the Oath of a Jury of twelve indifferent Men of the County of Middlesex, (which Oath the

said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages will be sustained by, and what Recompense and Satisfaction shall be made to the Damage and reccm fueh Owners, Occupiers, Proprietors or other Person or Persons interested for fueh Lands, tene ?ence ls t0 be afcertainei ments, Houses, Buildings, Grounds and Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, which the 1 a Jury' said Commissioners hall want to purchase: : in order thereunto, the said Commissioners, or any And the Commissioners seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as there shall be are empowered to sum occasion, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath all Persons whatsoever, men a jury according!), who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as Witnesses touching or concerning the I; IT the

premiftcs (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered Smirks'cuc "n!'

and required to administer); and if any of the Parties interested shall request the same, or the said '

Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think it necessary, shall also eaufe the said Jury to view the Place or Places in Question, and shall use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own, as for the said jury's better Information'in the Premises, in fueh Manner as they the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall think fit: And after the said Jury shall andt0 the Sut have so inquired of, ascertained and settled, fueh Damage and Recompense, they the said Commis be Paid ac'

fioners, or any seven or more of them, shall thereupon order and adjudge the Sum or Sums of Mo C0‘ ln°y' neyto assessed by the said Jury for fueh Purchases as aforesaid, to be paid to the Persons interested in fueh Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Houses, Grounds or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, according to the verdih or Inquisition of the said Jury; which said Verdict or Inquifltion, The Verdict of the Jury and the Order or Adjudication so had and made, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Pur and Older thereupon poses against all Parties or Persons whatsoever, claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or made to he final; otherwise, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, and Successors respectively, as well absent as present, Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politiek, Corporate or Collegiate, Aggregate or Sole, as well as other Person or Persons whomsoever; and all and every fueh Owners, Occupiers and Proprietors, and all and every and the Parties to be di person and Persons in any wise interested in fueh Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Houses, Grounds, veiled of ail Propetty in or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof so purchased as aforesaid, shall thereby be, from and tile Premises, after the Money so contradled and agreed for, or so assessed and adjudged for fueh Purchases as aforesaid, shall be paid, tendered or left as herein directed, to all Intents and Purposes divested of all Right, Claim, Intereff or Property, of, in, to or out of the same; and the said Commissioners, which may be sold and or any seven or more of them, shall have full Power, by virtue of this Act, by Deed indented and conveyed by the com enrolled, within three Months after the making thereof, in some of his majesty's Courts of Record miihoners, at Westminster, to grant, bargain, fell and convey fueh Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Houses,

Grounds or Hereditaments, or fueh Parts thereof as shall be purchased as aforesaid, to fueh Person or Persons, and their Heirs and Assigns, as the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, in Trull: for the said Commissioners and their Sueceffors, for the Purin Trull for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or either of them; which said Grant, Bargain, Sale poses mentioned in this and Conveyance, shall be good and available in the Law to fueh Person or Persons, and their Pleirs and the recited Acts, in Trufl as aforesaid, against all Persons whomsoever, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, whether under Abilities or Disabilities as aforesaid, or in any wise interested in, or claiming any Estate, Right, Title or Interest in fueh Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Houses, Grounds or Hereditaments, and every Part or Parts thereof so purchased as aforesaid.

XX Provided always. That in case the said Sum or Sums so assessed by the said Jury, and or Jt, i, e sums swarded dered and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be paid, as a Satisfadlion to the Owners, Incum shall not be duly paid, brancers. Occupiers or others, for their respective Interests in the said Premises, shall not be paid C

tendered or left as herein mentioned, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within

one Calendar Month after the same shall have been so afteffed, ordered and adjudged; then, and in the said Verdict and Ad

fueh Case, the Verdict of the said Jury, and Order and Adjudication of the said Commissioners, judication to be void.

pi all not be binding upon the said Parties; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

And for the summoning and returning of fueh Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners, or any comniiftioners empower

five or more of them, are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to issue their Warrant or war ed to issue their Warrant

rants to the Sheriff of the said County, thereby requiring him to impanel, summon and return, an t0 'e Sheriff for sum

indifferent Jury of twenty-four Persons, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any five 0r monlnsa Jury

more of them, at fueh Time and Place as in fueh Warrant shall be appointed; of which Time and

Place all Parties interested shall have ten Days Notice given or left in Manner herein last before

mentioned; and the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impanel, Sheriff toretum a Jury

summon and return fueh twenty-four Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impanelled, accordingly;

summoned and returned, or out of fueh of them as shall appear according to or upon fueh Summons,

the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall eaufe to be sworn twelve, who shall be

the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and for Default of a fuffieient Number of Jurymen, the said and in Default of a fis

Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return so many of the standers by as shall be necessary to ficient Number appear

make up the Number of twelve, to serve on fueh Jury. in standers by maybe

XXI Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons ri, .ii.n«ed

concerned shall, from Time to Time, have their lawful Challenges (but not to challenge the Array J y y 6

vol.ix. Ff • of

2 I 8

Power given to the Commifijoners to sins the Sheriff, his Agents, and Jury,

and Persons summoned to give "Evidence, making Default in the Premises.

Limitation of such Fines.

If the Parties to whom the Consideration Money shall be awarded cannot be found, or there be any Dispute in Law, or Defeat of Evidence, or Mortgagee refuse to take in their Mortgage Money j N

the Sums aflefied to be paid into the Bank, for the Ul'e of the Parties,

Commissioners may let or sell such Houses and old Materials, or the Ground so purchased, which shall be more than fufixcient for their purpose;;

lay out the Manner of building thereon; and the Breadth and'extent of the Street; and apply the Money ariffng by the Sale to the Contributors.

Such of the Powers, C granted by the former Aft, as are altered by this, are repealed. Clauses in Aft 6 Geo. I, C 6,

3 Geo, 2. C 26*

and 19 Geo, 2. C 35.

C 39. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

of the Panel) against any of the Paid Jurymen, when they come to be sworn; and the Paid commissioners, or any seven or more of them, adding in the Premises, shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises;; on any of the Persons that fliajl be summoned and returned on such Jury, and fliali not appear or refuse to be sworn on the Paid Jury, or to give their Verdict, or in any Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who, being required to give Evidence touching the Premises, shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence; and, from 'Time to 7'ime, to levy such Fine or Fines in such Manner as any Penalties in the said recited Acts are directed to be levied and recovered, so as that no such Fine ftiail exceed the Sum of ten Pounds upon any one Person for any one Offence.

XXII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That m case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money flial] be so aflefied or due as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if by reason of Disputes depending in any Court of Law or Equity, or for Defect of Evidence, or otherwise, it shall not appear to the said Commissioners what.person or Persons is or are entitled; or if any Motgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to take in his, her or their Mortgage Money due on the Premises, after Notice given to him, her or them, for that Purpose; then, and in all and every such Case and Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any seven or more of them, to order the Sum or Sums so aflefied and awarded as aforesaid, or as shall be due on such Mortgage, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners to the Time being, and of any five or more of the said Commissioners, for the Use of the Parties interested in the said Premises, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their respective Estates and Interests in the Did Premises, as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall by any Order to be made by them, direst.

‘ XXIII And whereas several Noblemen, Gentlemen and others, residing near and passing £ the said Cap, have by voluntary Subscription among themselves, agreed to raise a con ‘ liderable Sum of Money towards purchasing the said Houses and Ground, but it may so happen £ that the said Fund may not be quite sufficient to pay the Purchase Money; and in order to complete the said Design, other Persons may be induced to lend and advance Money towards the said £ : And whereas by reason of such Purchases as aforesaid, the Commissioners may be pof £ felled of one or more House or Houses, or some Piece or Parcel of Ground, over and above what

may he neceffiry for the opening and widening the said Cap; ' Be it therefore further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, to let, fell, or dispose of such House or Houses, or such Piece or Parcel of Ground, either together, or separately and in Parcels, as they shall thing mod advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contrast for and purchase the same; and to design and layout in what Manner the Houses to be built thereon shall be erected and built, and of what Breadth and Extent the said Street or Cap, so intended to be widened, shall be; and also to sell and dispose of the Materials of such House or Houses as the said Commissioners shall purchase and cause to be pulled down as aforesaid;; apply the Money arising by such Sale as aforesaid, to reimburse and pay the Person and Persons who shall have advanced any Sum or Sums of Money, over and besides the Money raised by such voluntary Subscription as aforesaid.

XXIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Powers, pro visions and Authorities contained in the said former Acts, or either of them, as are varied or altered by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be repealed.

‘ XXV And whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King] ‘ George the First, for preventing the Carriage of exceffiva Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks and ‘ Coals, within ten Miles of London and Westminster, it is provided, That no Person fliali carry at £ one Load, within the said Limits, in any Wagon or Cart having the Wheels thereof fliod or £ bound with Tyre or Streaks of Iron, more than one Chaldron of Coals; And whereas by an Act 4 made in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the better ‘ Regulation of the Coal Trade, Provision is made for inrifting a Penalty on all Persons who shall 4_, sell any Quantity of Coals as and for Pool Measure including the Ingrain, and fliali not deliver £ to the Buyer of such Coals, the full Quantity of Coals so sold, as the same were measured from on £ Shipboard, together with the Ingrain thereof: And whereas by an Act made in the nineteenth £ Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the Second, for preventing Frauds and 4 Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, it is declared, That all Agreements for Coals to be deli e vered within the Limits aforesaid, directly from any. Lighter or other Craft, to. the Consumer, not £ being a lefts Quantity than five Chaldrons, shall be deemed and understood to be for Pool Mea 4 sure, including the Ingrain of one Chaldron for every twenty Chaldrons : And whereas" many £ Persons have, to their great Prejudice, suffered the Penalty inflicted by the said Act made in the ‘ sixth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, by carrying the Ingrain belonging to each Chaldron in the same Cart with the Coals Therefore, for preventing such hard ships for the future, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to carry at one Load, within the Limits deferibsd by the said Act of the sixth of King George the First, in any Wagon or Cart, any

Quantity

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgi 1 III C 40. 219

Quantity of Coals not exceeding' the Quantity of one Chaldron, and the Ingrain thereunto be any Quantity of Coals, longing, after the Rate of one Chaldron in every twenty Chaldrons, without being liable to any "ot exceedln& 1 chal- Penalty for the same; anything in the said at of the sixth Year of the Reign of his said Ma the ingrain may be jelly King George the First, or any other aist or acts, to the contrary thereof in any wise not carr; ed at one Load withstanding. without being liable te

any Penalty.

XXVI And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures Recovery and appiica by this at imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise partition of Penalties, cularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods and

Chatties, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or the City and Liberty of Westminster, as the Case may be; which Warrant Rich justice is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of any one or more credible Witness or Witneifes upon Oath (which Oath filch Justice is hereby empowered to adminiiler); and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chatties shall be so distrained and sold (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and be applied towards the Purposes of the said former Adds and this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be paid, it fnall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Corredlion, for any Time not exceeding two Months.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Proceeding to be had Proceedings touching the touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or cone.ftion of Offenders, other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall "fz/removedtnt be vacated or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process cerdomh" ' e y whatsoever, into any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the

contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of Actions, commenced against any Person or Persons for anything done in pursuance of this Act, until eight

clear Days Notice shall be thereof given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, or after sufficient Satisfaction, or tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and every such Action shall be brought, laid and tried, m the County or Place where such Matters and Things respectively shall be committed or done, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in cer.eraliffue, Evidence, at at any Trial or'trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and. by the Authority of this Act: And if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before eight clear Days Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before or for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or juries shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and if a Verdict or Verdidts shall be found for such Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if, upon any Demurrer or Demurrers any such Action or Actions, Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then, and in either of the Cases aforesaid, such Defendant or Defendants shall nave Treble Costs; and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defen treblecofts. dams may have for his, her or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

CAP. XL

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for Lighting the Streets, Lanes, and other open Passages and Places, within the said Borough.

WHEREAS the Borough of Doncaster in the County of York, is large and populous, has Preamble, a navigable River, and is a great Thoroughfare between the South and Northern Parts of ‘ this Kingdom, by Means whereof a considerable Trade is carried on in the said Borough and Soke ‘ thereof: And whereas there are many Persons to whom the Traders of the said Borough and ‘ Soke are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money, who frequently refuse although able to C pay the same, presuming on the Discouragements which Creditors lie under, from the Expense ‘ which they are unavoidably put to, and the Delays they meet with in filing for such Debts :

‘ And whereas a more easy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts, within the said Borough * and Soke, would greatly tend to promote Indufiry, and support useful Credit therein : And

F f 2 ‘ whereas

Commiilioners appointed.

They are constituted a Court ofrequefts, Three empowered to hold a Court on Thursday in every other Week,

First Meeting.

Business of other Courts not to be impeded by their Meetings.

Power and Business of this Court.

Casting Vote, on Equality, to he in the Mayor, senior Alderman, or Commifii »ner who stands first on the List.

Method of electing new Commissioners.

The Order in which the Commissioners are to be summoned.

Any Commissioner, tho' not summoned, Sec, may sit in the Court.

C 40. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

‘ whereas the Lighting in a proper Manner, the Streets, Lanes and other open Pafliiges and Places, ‘ within the said Borough, would be of great Benefit and Safety to the Inhabitants thereof, as well ‘ as to all Persons resorting thereto May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;; be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Sir Bryan Cooke Baronet, the Mayor of Doncaster for the L ime being, Richard Whitaker, George Healey, Robert Copley, Anthony Wharton, William Dawson, 'John Cooke, Francis Laye, John Arthur, John Ellcrker, Edmund Bower, Henry Farrer, William Ellerher, John Hawley, Benjamin Hague, John Silverivood, Francis Casey, William Heaton, Conrade Stiff el, John Turner, Charles Herne, Robert Else, John Healey, Henry Heaton, Thomas Smith, Matthew Sanderson, Thomas Jennings, William Bingley, James Graham, Thomas 7oficld, Richard Walker, John Broughton, John Broughton junior, Thomas Heaton, John Hancock, William Patrick, John France, George Jarratt, John Jaques, Nathaniel Pear Jon, Philip Gill, Gervafe Seaton, William Richard, George Plait fax, John Watson, Solomon Holmes, John jvhitaker, Robert Hudjon, Richard Stavclcy, Thomas Fheazant, Richard Bowzer, Thomas Seaton, George Pearson, Thomas Rimington, william Bigot, William Dixon Cave, Thomas Gill, Francis Haworth, william Pbeazant, Joseph coluffbn, Esquires and Gentlemen, shall be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners, to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are hereafter mentioned: And the said Commissioners, and their Succcflbrs, are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name ot The Court of Rcqucfls for the Borough and Soke of Doneafter in the County of York; and they the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall and are hereby empowered and required to meet andhold the said Court, on every other Thursday, or oftener, if there shall be Occasion, in the Guild Hall of the said Borough, or at any other convenient Place within the said Borough, to be appointed by the major Part of such of the Commissioners as shall be assembled at any such Meeting; and the first Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held on the Thursday Fortnight next after the passing of this Act, but so as the said Meetings shall not interrupt the Business at any Time to he done by or before his majesty's Justices of the Peace, usually done, held or kept in the said Guildhall; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at such Courts, are hereby authorised and fully empowered to hear and determine all such Causes as are hereafter mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon with Costs, against: the Body and Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against: whom they shall give any such Judgement, or make any such Order or Decree, as to them shall seem justin Law or Equity; and if the Commissioners so assembled shall happen to be equally divided, upon any Question that may come before them, the Mayor of the Borough for the Time being, if present, orin his Absence the senior Alderman present, and if no Alderman is present, the Commiftioner present, who stands first in the List of Commissioners to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners shall meet, shall have another and the casting Vote.

II And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, from time to time, on the Death or Refusal to aft, of any or either of the Commissioners herein before particularly named, or of any or either of their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein after immediately mentioned, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of such of them as shall be present at a Meeting which is hereby directed to be held for that Purpose, within the Space of one Month next after such Decease, or Refusal to aft, shall happen or be known, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint one other Commiftioner, in the Stead of each such Commiftioner so dying or refusing to aft; and every such Commiftioner, so elected, shall be and is hereby enabled to aft in the Execution of the Powers hereby granted to the commis ftoners aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commiftioner; but Notice in Writing, of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by affixing the same upon the Market house in the said Borough, at leaf! ten Days before every such Meeting.

III And, to the end that no undue Preference may be made and given in summoning the said Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed, in pursuance of this Act, to attend the said Court; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That the Sergeant of the said Court, for the Time being, to be nominated or elected as herein after mentioned, shall summon the Mayor and one Alderman, or two Aldermen together with four other Commissioners, beginning with the Mayor and one Alderman and four other Commissioners, who shall be first named in the List of Commissioners to be hung up in the said Court, to attend the said Court as Commissioners for two Weeks then next ensuing; and shall, once a Fortnight, summon the like Number of Commissioners, as they shall stand in Order and Rotation upon the said List.

IV Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exclude or debar any of the Commissioners for the Time being from sitting in the said Court, although such Commissioners shall not have been summoned, or stand in Rotation to be fumtnoned; but that such Commissioners, if they shall think fit foto do, shall and may sit, hear, determine, give Judgement, and make Orders and Decrees in the said Court; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V And

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 40. 221

And be it further enatffed by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person (hail be capable of aft Cbmmifiioners to take ing as a Commissioner, in the Execution of this Acf, until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect the following Oath 5 following; that is to say,

* T A, B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honeffly, according to the belt of my

* Ji Judgement, hear and determine such Matters and Things as final] be brought before me, by ‘ virtue of An a<51 of Parliament, entitled. An Act for the more cafy and speedy recovery of j\mall 1 Debts within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for lighting the Streets,

‘ Lanes, and other open pajjages and Places, within the foetid Borough, without Favour, Afteflion, or ‘ Prejudice to either Party.'

Which Oath the Clerk of the said Court, or any of the Commissioners who hall have taken such To le administered by Oath, is hereby impovvered and required to administer in open Court; and a Memorial thereof shall the cie k, and registered. be entered in the Registers of the said Court, by the said Clerk.

VI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Richard Shepherd, the Town r>'hard shepherd cou

Clerk of the said Borough, and the Town Clerk of the said Borough for the Time being, shall be, ■ er ot 1 e and is hereby constituted and appointed Clerk of the said Court of Requefvs, during his good Beha " '

haviour in the said Office; and shall have Power and Authority, from time to time, to appoint a with Power to anoint Deputy; which said Clerk, or his Deputy, are hereby empowered and required to issue out all Sum » monfes, Warrants and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees and Judgments of the said Court, and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books to be provided by him, and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court.

VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sergeants at Mace, of the Sergeants at Mace ap said Borough for the Time being, shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Sergeants of p°mted Sergeants of the the said Court of Requests, during their good Behaviour, for the serving of Summonfes, and execu t'ourt'

ting such Orders, Warrants and Precepts, and doing and performing such other Acts, Matters and Things, as are herein appointed to be done by them.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That from and after the passing of Creditors may sue for any

this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, who now hath, Debt under 40s, in the

have, or hereafter shall have, any Debt or Debts under the Value of forty Shillings, due_or owing, 81 Coult• or belonging unto him, her or them, in his, her or their own Rights, or as Executor, Administrator,

Guardian or Trustee, to any other Person or Persons, by or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or residing within the said Borough and Soke, or using or frequenting the Markets thereof, or usually buying or selling, or seeking a Livelihood therein, or failing or navigating to or from the said Town, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to one of the Sergeants of the said Court for the Time being (who is and are hereby authorised and required to execute all Warrants, Precepts and Processes of the said Court of Requests) a Summons in Writing, under his hand, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her or them, the Party demanding and requiring him, her or them, to appear at a certain Time and Place, to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court, to answer such Complaint: And such Sergeant shall forthwith cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the clerk/who shall the same at the Dwelling House, Lodging, Place of abode. Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Summon the Debtor, Place of Dealing, Trading or Working of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Limits of the

said Borough and Soke, with his, her or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her or them; and that, upon Proof made, that such Summons hath been duly served, the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in Court, being a Majority of such Court, are hereby empowered and required to make due Inquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Judgement or Sentence thereupon, and award Colts of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Confidence : And, for the better and on Proof of Service Discovery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of Matters and Causes which shall be deft the Summons, the pending in the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of cymmissioners are to ruth cm, assembled in Court, and they are hereby empowered to administer, or cause to be administer andpafs finat judgement ed, an Oath or Oaths to either of the said Parties, willing to be examined touching the Matters thereupon: J

then in Qutftion, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and to Xhd may administer an the Officers of the said Court, and also to any other Person or Persons, whose Evidence shall seem °ath 10 Witneifes and necessary towards the hearing or determining any of the said Causes, or making any Order or Decree 0j5cers‘ therein, or for any other Purposes requisite to the Execution of this Act.'

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if such Debtor or Debtors, who Debtor not appearing, shall have been duly fumir.oned as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Court, at the Time and Court may hear the Place mentioned in the said Summons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commis, plaintiff, and pass judge fioners, or any three or more of them so assembled, being a Majority of the said Court, after due ment thereon

Proof made, upon Oath, of the Service of the said Summons, in Manner aforesaid, to hear the with Coils,

Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree or Judgement, and to award rcafonablc Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Ccnfcience.

And on Application to

I

X And

222

Plaintiff not appearing, or being nonsuited,

Costs to be awarded to the Defendant.

Upon Order for Payment of Money, Exeeu tion is to be awarded against: the Body or Goods of the Party.

C 40.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763,

Confinement on Execution not to exceed three Months.

If the Execution be pre Tented, or evaded.

the Court may award another.

Upon the first Default of Payment,

the Court may award Execution for the whole pcbt with further Coils.

Debt and Coils to be marked on the Back of the Precept.

On paying in the same to the Clerk, before Execution takes Effect, with the See due to Officers, C 1

Execution is to be superseded,

Attorneys and Solicitors not exempted.

Officer negkftmg his Duty, liable to pay the

Pebt,

X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of Return of the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her or their Demand, to the Satisfaction of the Court, hut become nonsuited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs; and to older and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts, ordered and decreed by the said Court.

XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them as aforesaid, shall have made any Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prolecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to ilfue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias adfatisfaciendum, or Fieri facias, to one of the Sergeants of the said Court, who by Virtue of any such Precept, ifi'ued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may, and is hereby empowered to take such Party, being within the said Borough and Soke, and carry him, her or them, to the common Gaol or Prison for the said Borough and Soke, there to remain until he, fire or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree or judgement; so as no Person fnall remain in Confinement, upon any such Execution, for a longer Space than three Calendar Months. And such Sergeant, by Virtue of any such Precept, illued upon Execution awarded against the Goods of any such Party, shall and may, and is hereby empowered to levy, hy Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Party, being within the said Borough and Soke, such Sum or Sums of Money, ■and Costs, as shall be so ordered, decreed and adjudged. And if the Party, against whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process thereupon shall issue, shall by ahfeond ing, or by secreting or removing his, her or their Goods, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com millioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, upon due Proof thereof made to them, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible wit nefs or Witnesses, at their Discretion to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of such Party; and Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by one of the Sergeants of the said Court, in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied. And in cale the said Court shall, at any Time, upon the Request, and for the Ease and Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants, order, decree or adjudge a Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, to be paid by several Payments; then upon the ftrft Default or Failure of any of the said Payments so ordered, decreed and adjudged, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, shall and may, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, award Execution for the Whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall teem reasonable, to be recovered hythe same Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs ftrft decreed; the former Order, Decree or judgement to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That upon every Precept to he issued upon Execution awarded against: the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons, the Clerk of the said Court shall endorse, or cause to be endorsed, the Sum or Sums, and Costs, so ordered, decreed or adjudged : And if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively, shall before any actual Sale of the Goods, or before he, she or they is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her or their Imprisonment, pay or cause to be paid, or tendered unto the Clerk of the said Court, such Sum or Sums, and Costs, together with one Shilling, as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over the said Debt and Costs, and entering Acknowledgment of Satisfadlion in full for the Sum; and also the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence for Gaol Fees, (in case such Person or Persons shall have been committed to Prifonj; then and in any such Case, the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods of the said Party or Parties final] be discharged and fet at Liberty.,

XIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Privilege, or pretended Privilege, shall be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurifdittion of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being a sworn Attorney, or Solicitor of any of the Courts at Westminster, or of any oth r Court whatsoever.

XIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if the Sergeant of the said Court, who shall be employed to serve an Execution, final 1 by wilful or notorious Neglect or Connivance, cause or fufrer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effedf, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them assembled at any such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, upon Complaint made, and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Sergeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution

wa?

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 40. 223

was awarded, to the Party complaining; and to enforce the Payment thereof, by the same Methods and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of other Debts.

XV And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Sees hereafter limited Fees allowed to the Clerk and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the said Clerk and Sergeants, for their several and ani Sergeants, respective Services, in the Execution of this Act; that is to say.

For issuing every Summons, to the Clerk, " / ■ -- — -- -- -- -- -- -

For Service of every Summons in the Town, and attending the Court with Return,

to the Sergeants, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- • — -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

And for Service of every Summons out of the Town, and within the Soke, and attending the Court with Return, to the Sergeants, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

For entering the Cause, to the Clerk, -- -- -- -- -- -: — -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

For every Hearing, to the Clerk, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

For every Order, to the Clerk, -

For entering every Order and making, to the Clerk, —

For Service of every Order against a Party (in Town)

with Return, to the Sergeants, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- — - ■ -

For Ditto, out of Town, and within the Soke, .................

For a Nonsuit on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerk, For an Attachment again if the Defendant for not appearing

To the Sergeants, for Service thereof in Town, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

For Ditto, out of Town, and within the Soke, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

For acknowledging Satisfaction thereof, to the Clerk, -- -- -- -- -

For an Execution, to the Clerk, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

not in Court, and attending '

to the Clerk, ■

To the Sergeants, for Service thereof in Town, -- -- -- -

For Ditto, out of Town, and within the Soke, -- -- -- -- -

For a Subpoena, to the Clerk, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

To the Sergeants, Tor Service thereof in Town, ' — For Ditto, out of Town, and within the Soke, —

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk, -- -- -- -- -- -

For every Search of the Books, to the Clerk, -- -- -- -- --

£■ S. i.

O O 6

O O 3

O 0 6

'O 0 3

O 0 3

O 0 3

O 0 3

O 0 3

O 0 6

O 0 z

O 0 6

O 0 3

O 0 6

O 0 4

O I 0

O 0 3

O 0 6

0 0 3

O 0 z

O 0 6

O 0 6

O 0 z

A Table of which fees shall, from time to time, be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court, in A Table thereof tots some conspicuous Part of the said Court or Place where the said Commissioners shall meet, so that hune UP in the court all perfor.s who shall attend the said Court may see and read the same.

XVI And be it further enafied by the Authority aforesaid. That if the said Clerk of the said Penalty f demanding V Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Sergeants of the said Court for the Time being, pk'"s greater or other or any of them, shall knowingly take or demand any greater or other See or Fees than as herein ees> mentioned, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or^witnefles, made in open Court, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, shall and are hereby required and empowered, from time to time, to punish such Offender by Fine, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shil j10/ " cecdlng s cor lings, for one Offence, to be levied by Difhefs and Sale of the offender's Goods and Chattels, by 10s‘

Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, if any, after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deduced; which Fine and Fines, when recovered, shall be paid to the Mayor of the said Borough and Soke for the Time being, to be by him distributed amongfc the Poor of the said Borough and Soke, in such Manner as he shall think fit; and if the Clerk or Sergeants of the said Court, or any clerk r Sergeants guipy or either of them, for the Time being, shall be guilty of any notorious Misbehaviour, either by of notor*ous mitbeha frequently taking or demanding greater or other Fees as aforesaid, or otherwise, in the Execution V our of their respective Offices; upon Complaint made, the said Commissioners, or any three or more Court m y inquire into of them, shall, in open Court, hear am! inquire into the Matter of the said Misbehaviour, by the 'je same anj ccr'ify

Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or witneites, and shall, if they, being a Majority Vle Partlcularjj j., ie

of the said Court, think fit, certify the Particulars of the said Misbehaviour, with the Proofs there mon^'c'nerai'meeting,. of, unto the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, who shall thereupon cause all the said who may remove the Commissioners to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, and shall lay the same be Delinquent., fore the Commissioners assembled pursuant to such Summons, who shall take the same into con fideraiion; and may, according to their discretion, fufpen;! or remove the said Clerk, or Sergeant or Sergeants so offending, from his and their said Office or Offices, and nominate and appoint another or other fit and able Person or Persons, to exercise the said Office or Offices refpedtivcly, in. the Place and Stead of him or them so removed.

XVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any of the Commissioners A Commiflmner iyte of the said" Court for the Time being, shall be Party to, or inrerefted in, any Cause depending in refled in any Cause de the said C ourt, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner, in the heating or dfe after being'bard, 1 till' termining the said Cause, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but after being, the lame is dcrermincil heard in the said Cause, shall withdraw until the same is finally determined j and if the Clerk or

other

2 24

Anil officer being inte tcfted, the Court is to appoint another Person att pro tempore.

Persons infutring the Comt while sitting, or any Members thereof going to or from the same, or interrupting the Proceedings,

may be pnnifhed by Fine or Impr lion meat.

Where Fine cannot be levied, Offender is to be committed.

Application of the Fines.

Copy of this Clause to be fixed up in the Court,

actions for Debt recoverable in this Court, are not to be brought in any other.

The Rcgifiers of the Court, or true Copies thereof, deemed legal Evidence.

Proceedings, see. not to be removed.

Specification of Debts, C not fuable in this Court,

C 40.

Anno quarto Georgii III

A. D. 1763.

Penalty cf wilful and corrupt Perjury.

Keepers of the common Gaol aie to receive and keep in safe Custody, C ^11 Persons committed by Order of the Court 3

other Officer of the said Court for the Time being, shall be a Farty to, or interested in, any Cause depending in the said Court, such Clerk, or other Officer, shall not exercise his said Office in the said Cause, or anything relating thereto; but the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled at such Court, being a Majority of the said Court, shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk, or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause.

XVIII And for the more effectual Establishment of the said Court, and that the Commissioners thereof may be veiled with a proper Authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuoully and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the Commissioners, or other Officers of the said Court, for the Time being, during their sitting in the said Court, or going to or from the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the Sergeant or Sergeants of the said Court, with or without the Assistance of any' other Person or Persons, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to take such Offender or"offenders into Custody, and carry him, her or them, before the Mayor, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Borough and Soke; and upon the Insult, Abuse, or other Misbehaviour as aforesaid, being duly proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Mayor, Juiticc or Justices, shall punish every such Offender, cither by Fine, not exceeding forty Shillings, nor under five Shillings, upon any one Person, for any one Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, or imprisonment in the Gaol or Prison of the said Borough and Soke, for any Space of Time not exceeding two Months: And where the said Mayor or Justices shall have imposed a Fine upon such Offender, and there shall not be found sufficient Goods of such Offender, whereupon such Fine can •be levied, the said Mayor, Justice or Justices, shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the said Offender to the Gaol or Prison of the said Town, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding two Months: And all fuph Fines as aforesaid shall, when raised or levied, be paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed to be paid and applied; and the said Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall, from time to time, cause a true Copy of this Clause to he fixed up in the said Court, or Place where the said Commissioners fnall meet, in fomc conspicuous Part thereof, where the Persons resorting to the said Court may see and read the same.

XIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, not amounting to the Value of forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this act in the said Court of Requells, shall be brought against any Person or Persons in any other Court whatsoever, and concerning which any Order, Decree or Judgement, shall have been before made or given in the said Court of requests, such Order, Decree or Judgement, being pleaded or given in Evidence, on the General Issue of such Action or Suit, shall, 2s to the Matters contained therein, be an effectual Bar to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit; and the Registers or Books of Entry of the said Court, or true Copies, attested under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Court of Requests for the Time being, and proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall be deemed legal Evidence of the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of Requests; and no Suit which shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests, in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings therein, flail or may be removed into any superior Court; but the same shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XX Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to any Debt for Rent, upon any Lease or Contract, where the Title of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, can or may come in Question j nor to any Debt, Matter or Thing, that shall or may arise upon, or in any wise relate to or concern any Cause of Testament, or Matrimony, or anything concerning or properly belonging to the Eccleftaftical Courts; nor for any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; nor for any Forfeiture upon any penal Statute or bylaw; nor to any Debt whereof there has not been a Contract, Acknowledgment, Undertaking, or Promise, to pay, within six Years before the taking out the Summons, although the same shall be under the Value of forty Shillings,

XXL And be it further enacted by the Authority arorefaid, That if any Person or Persons, in making Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, pursuant to this Act, shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, such Person or Persons being duly ccnvidted thereof according to Law, hall incur and suffer such Pajns and Penalties, as any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is, are, or fnall be subject and liable to, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Keepers, for the Time being, of the common Gaol or Prison within the said Town, shall, and they are hereby required to receive and take into their Custody, respectively, all and every Person and Persons who sin all be committed, or ordered to (land committed, by any three or more of the said Commissioners prefect : n Court, being the Majority of such Court, or by virtue of any Warrant, Attachment, Execution, or other Process, ifiuing out of the said Court of Requests; and in case the Keeper of the said Gaol or Prison respectively, shall neglect or refuse to receive and take into his Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act; or shall, before the Expiration of the Time

for

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgi 1 III C 40. 225

for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his.custody, discharge such Person or per fons out of his Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose, in Writing, signed in Court by three or more of the said Commissioners, being a Majority of the said Commissioners present; such Keeper respectively offending in on Penalty of forfeiring either of the said Cases, and being thereof convicted before any one or more of his majesty's Junot exceeding 51. nor ftices of the Peace for the said Borough and Soke, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness less than 40s. or Witnesses, or upon his own Confession, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding five Pounds, nor less than forty Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; and such Sum shall be immediately paid, hythe Person so offending, into the Hands of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted; or in De to be levied by Distress fault thereof, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the aid Sale of the Offen hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to such Offender, the Chargesders 00 s' of such Distress and Sale being thereout first dedudled; which Forfeiture, when paid or levied, (hull and to be paid and ap be immediately paid and applied in like Manner as the Fines herein before mentioned are directed plied as other Fines, to he paid and applied.

XXIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Attorney of any Court No Attorney to speak of Record shall be admitted to appear in the said Court of Requests, as Attorney or Advocate in Bein the Court, where he half of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or be admitted to speak in any Cause or Matter before the said is not a Party or wimeiv Court, in which such Attorney is not himself a Party or Witness, under a Penalty of twenty Pounds, on penaltj' of 20 *•

to be levied and applied as abovementioned, with respect to Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison;;

shall any such Attorney act as a Commissioner in the said Court of Requests; anything herein nor to act as a Commifli

before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. oner

XXIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Per Witness duly summoned sobs, residing within the said Borough and Soke, shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Sum refuting to appear and mons, to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court of Requests, at a Time and Place in such Sub E', e Evidence, poena or Summons mentioned, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, and shall

neglect or refuse to appear, pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons; and due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no Cause of Absence being shown to the Satisfadlion of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Person shall be, by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear; and Oath being made before the same Commissioners, by the Party or Parties at whose Instance or on whose Behalf, such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith, was or were a material Witness or Witnesses for such Party or

Parties; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of may be fined not excfed,

them, assembled in such Court, and being a Majority of them, to impose a Fine not exceeding fifty ing 50s. noriefs than Shillings, nor less than five Shillings; to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by 5 s.

Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, ren t0 dering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first de gjrd's Gooch Cn"

dudted; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose In and paid aver to the

fiance, or on whose Behalf, such Subpoena or Summons issued. Party injured.

XXV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Writ shall be sued out No Writ may be sued cot

against, nor any Copy of any Process, at the Suit of any Person or Persons, shall be served on any against any commifiio of the said' Commissioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being, for any ner.or i r anj Thing by him or them done in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices, until No t^nb 'j1 th Exe‘ tice, in Writing, of such intended Writ or Process, shall have been delivered to him or them, or office, umft th"/have left at the usual Place of his or their Abode, by the Attorney or Agent for the Party who intends bean served with due to sue, or cause the same to be sued or served, at least one Calendar Month before the suing out or Notice,

serving the same; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action,

which such Party hath or claimeth to have against such Commissioner or Officer; on the Back of

which Notice shall be endorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his

Abode; who shall be entitled to have the See of twenty Shillings for the preparing and serving of attorney's See for pre

such Notice, and no more. paring and serving such

Notice.

XXVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful Defendant tendering fuf to and for such Commissioner of Officer, at any Time within one Calendar Month after such Notice ficknt Amends; given as aforesaid, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or to his Attorney or Agent; and

in case the same shall not be accepted, to plead such Tender, in Bar to any Action to be brought against him, grounded on such Writ or Process, together with the Plea of Not guilty, and any other Plea, with Leave of the Court: And if, upon Issue joined thereon, the Jury shall find the Verdict to be given for Amends so tendered, to have been sufficient, then they shall give a Verdict for the Defendant: And h‘m in such Case, or in case the Plaintiff hall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue his or her Action; or in case Judgement shall be given for such Defendant or Defendants, upon Demurrer; such Defendant shall be entitled to the like Costs as he would have been entitled unto in case he had pleaded the General Issue only : And if,, upon Issue so joined, the Jury shall find that no Amends were ten If none, oriefufficient dered, or that the same were not sufficient; and also against the Defendant or Defendants in such Amends are tendered, other Plea or Pleas; then they shall give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall C „

think proper, which he or she shall recover, together with his or her Costs of Suit, magei'and^osi**

Vol. IX

Gg

XXVII And

226 C 40. Anno quarto Georg III A. D. 1763.

if Notice has not been XXVII And be it further enabled, That no such Plaintiff Shall recover any Verdict against such given, Defendant to ic Commissioner or Officer, in any Case where the action shall be grounded on any Act of the Dcfen

c0vcr* dant, as a Commissioner or Officer, unless it is proved, upon' the Trial of such action, that such

Notice was given as aforesaid; but, in Default thereof, such Commissioner or Officer shall recover a verdict and Colls as aforesaid.

Defendant may pay Mo XXVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in rafe such Commissioner ney into Court before or Officer shall neglect to tender any Amends, or shall have tendered insufficient Amends, before

Jffue joined. the Action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him, by Leave of the Court where such Action

shall depend, at any Time before Hue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he shall see fit; whereupon such Proceedings, Orders and Judgement, shall be had, made and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

No Evidence to be given. XXIX And be it further enacted. That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the plain on the Trial, but what is tiff, on the Trial of any such Action as aforesaid, of any Cause of Action, except such as is con contained in the Notice, tained in the Notice hereby directed to be given! fc, i

Corporation, at their XXX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for

own Expense, to light the Mayor, Aldermen and Capital Burgesses of the Paid Borough, for the Time bcihg, or the major the Streets, C within Part of them, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time, if they shall think proper, at

the Borough. the Colts and Charges of the Paid Corporation, to provide, setup and six at such Places, nd against

such Houses, or other Buildings or Walls or otherwise, within the Paid Borough, such a Number of Lamps, with Polts, Irons and other Furniture thereto, and to cause the fuiu Lamps to be lighted and maintained in such Manner, as they the said Mayor, Aldermen and Capital Burgesses, for the Lamps, C veiled in the Time being, or the major Part of them, assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit; all which Lamps, Mayor: together with the Polls, Irons and other Furniture thereunto belonging, or therewith used, shall be,

Penalty on Pcrfcmsin and the same are hereby veiled in the Mayor of the said Corporation for the Time being: And if juring thenj. any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously remove, take away, break, throw down or

otherwise damage any of such Lamps, Polls, Irons or other Furniture thereof; or extinguish any of the said Lamps when lighted; every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witneftes, before any one or more Justice or Jufticesof the Peace for the said Borough and Soke, or for the West Riding of the said County of York, or upon confess flon of the Party accused, or upon the View of any one or more of the said Justices, ftnl) for the first Offence forfeit the Sum of five Shillings for each Lamp so extinguished;; for every Poll, Iron, or other Furniture thereto belonging, so removed, taken away, broke, thrown down or otherwise damaged; and for the second Offence, the Sum of ten Shillings; and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of fifteen Shillings; and shall likewise make full Satisfaction to the Mayor for the Time being, for the Charges and Expenses of reinstating such Lamps, Polls, Irons or other Furniture as aforesaid; or in case any Person or Persons shall carelessly, negligently or accidentally break, throw down or otherwise damage any of the said Lamps, lo to be setup or fixed as aforesaid;; the Irons, Polls or other Furniture thereof; or extinguish any such Lamp, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage thereby sustained; in every such Case it shall be lawful for any one or more of the said Justices, upon Complaint to him or them made by the Mayor for the Time being, to summon before him or them the Person or Persons so complained of; and upon hearing the Matter of the said Complaint,, or upon the nonappearance of the Party or Parties complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Satisfaction for such Damage, as such Justice or justices shall think reasonable;; in case ofrefufal or neglect to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded, within three Days after demanded, to cause the same by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Elands and Seals, to be levied by Di ilrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall so have done such Damage, rendering to hint, her or them the Overplus, if any shall be, after deducting the Colts and Charges of such Warrant, and of such Distress and Sale when demanded : And in case no iufficient Distress can be found, such Justice or Justices shall and may, by like Warrant, commie the Person. or Persons so neglecting or refusing, to the House of Correction, there to remain, until he, the or they shall make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, or for any Time not exceeding the Space of one Calendar Month; one Moiety of which Penalties, when recovered, Shall go to the Person or Persons who shall inform and prosecute for the same, and the other Moiety thereof Shall be paid to the Mayor of the said Borough for the Time being, and be applied, in the first Place, in making good all such Damages as aforesaid, and the Remainder to be dillributed amongst the Poor of the said Borough and Soke, in such Manner as the said Mayor Shall think fit.

Limitation of Actions, XXXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this act, such Action or Suit Shall be brought or commenced within six Calendar Months next after the Cause of action Shall arise, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the County of York, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants on such action or Suit Shall Central Issue, and may plead the General Iftiie, and give this act, and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any

Trial to be had thereupon; and if it Shall happen to be done in pursuance of this act, or that such action or Suit shall he brought after the Time herein before limited in that Behalf, or Shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury Shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j and upon such verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs Shall become nonsuited, or 3 discontinue

227

Anno quarto Georgii III

C 41.

'WHEREAS 4 W the County of Westmorland,

discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, or if, upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement Aral] be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover treble Treble Coffs. such Costs as are usually taxed and allowed between Party and Party; and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

XXXII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That this Act shall be deemed, Public Act. adjudged and taken to be a Publick Aft, and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges,

Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. XLI

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Town and pa rifh of Kirby in Kendal, in the County of iveftmorland.

a great Trade is carried on in the Town and Parish of Kirby in Kendal, in Preamble, and the Inhabitants thereof have of late Years greatly increased: : whereas many poor honest Persons are obliged to contract small Debts within the said Town and Parish, and Limits of the same, and they being frequently rendered unable to pay the said Debts in due Time, their Creditors do often bring Suits and Actions against th.m for * Recovery of the same, and in Consequence thereof their Goods and effects arc seized and sold, or 4 their Persons imprisoned, to the utter Ruin of themselves and Families, the Loss of their Labour ‘ to the Publick, and the great Burden and Charge of the Parish or Township to which they be 4 long: ' For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that some other easy and speedy Method may be provided for the Recovery and Payment of small Debts within the said Town and Parish and the Limits thereof; May it please your mod Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it ftiall and may be lawful for the Mayor and Recorder, or Deputy Recor Commissioners Names der of the said Town for the Time being, and Thomas Strickland Esquire, John Shaw, Christopher tvilfon, John Thompson, Gilbert Crackenthorp, Thomas jvilfon the Younger, Gentlemen; Thomas Holme Esquire, Richard Fell, Thomas Gibjon, George Braitbivaite, Benjamin Fletcher, jvilliatsi Baxter, Gentlemen; William Sympfon Esquire, Samuel Gaivthrop, Thomas ajhburner, Matthew Bell, Bryan Wilson,

Thomas Dodgfon, Gentlemen; or any three or more of them, to assemble in the town's Hall, or some other convenient Place within the said Town of Kirby in Kendal; and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to meet on Thursday the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, then and there to aft as Commissioners for the hearing and determining of all such Matters of Debt and Detinue as are hereafter mentioned; which said Commissioners, or any three or more of them as aforesaid, from Time to Time, shall be and are hereby declared, nominated, constituted, appointed and made a Court of Justice, by the Name of The Court of Requeftsfor the Town and Parish Kirby in Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, and Limits thereof; and the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, empowered and required to assemble, fit and hold the said Court once in every three Weeks (or oftener if Occasion shall be) from and after the said third Day of May, videlicet, on Thursday in such Week; and the said commissioners for the Time being, or hereafter to be appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, or any three or more of them, shall have Power and Authority by virtue of this Act to hear and determine all 'such Causes as are hereafter mentioned, and to pronounce such Judgement, and to make such Order and Decree, and to award Execution thereupon with Costs against the Body, or against the Goods and Chatties of all and every of the Person or Persons against whom they shall give such Judgement, make such Order or such Decree, as to them shall seem justin Law or Equity, so as no Person or Persons shall remain in Prison upon any Execution for a longer Space than three Calendar Months.

II Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Per Premia,, soils whatsoever, except the Persons hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed Commissioners

for the Purposes aforementioned, shall have any Voice in the said Court of Requests, held or to be held under the Authority of this Act.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority'aforesaid, That the Commissioners in this Act Commissioners to aflem named, or any six or more of them, hall meet and assemble in the town's Hall, or some other ble« a "‘tain Placer convenient Place within the said Town of Kirkly in Kendal; and they are hereby athorized and required to assemble as aforesaid on the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty five,

or at any Time within six Days from the said third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty five. as the Mayor'of the said Town, or any six or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being, shall appoint, then and there to cleft, nominate and assign six of the most substantial and difereet Gentlemen, Merchants, Ploufholders or Inhabitants, Shopkeepers or Tradesmen, residing or inhabiting within the said Town and Parish or the Limits thereof, who fnall be Commissioners for the Purposes in this Act before mentioned, in the Room, Place or Stead of the six last To be chon in roti named by this Act; and that on the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, tion> or within six Days after, the Commissioners for the Time being, or six or more of them, on a Day appointed by the Mayor of the said Town for the Time being, or six or more of the said Commission

o 2

era

C 41. Anno quarto Geo rgi i III A. D. 1763.

ers, shall assemble as before directed, and shall then and there ele£i, nominate and assign six more of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Houlholders or Inhabitants, Shopkeepers or Tradesmen, residing or inhabiting within the Town and Parish or Limits thereof as aforesaid, who shall be commission crs in the Room, Place or Stead of the six secondly named by this act; and that on the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, or within six Days after, six new commissioners shall be elected in the Room, Place or Stead of the'fix first named by this Act, in like Manner as is herein before directed;; from time to time, on the third Day of May in every succeeding Year, or within six Days after, as before appointed, six new Commissioners in the Room, Place or Stead of the six who have served three Years, shall be elected by the Commissioners for the Time being, or six or more of them, as before directed.

Comm; flicners to eka a IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the said C erki Court of Requests .for the Time being, or any six or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority

to elect and appoint, and they are hereby authorised and required to elect and appoint, on the third Day of May one thousand seven hundred and flxty four, or within six Days after, omfuch Day as shall be appointed by the Mayor of the said Town, or six of the said Commissioners, as before directed, one or more fit Person or Persons, who shall be Clerk or Clerks of the said Court of Requests during the Pleasure of the Commissioners, or the Major Part of them, for the Time being; which said Clerk or Clerks, or one of them, his or their Deputy or Deputies, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to issue out and register all Summonfes, Warrants, Precepts, Acts, Orders, Decrees, Judgments, Attachments, and Proceedings of the said Court, and shall keep proper Books, wherein shall be entered and registered all Acts, Orders and Proceedings of the same Court: And the said Commissioners, or any six or more of them, for the Time being, shall also at the same Time nominate and assign two or more proper Persons to be Officers or Ministers of the said Court of Requests, to execute Suminonfes, Warrants, Precepts, Orders, Decrees, Attachments, and other pro .cedes of the said Court; which said Officers shall be and continue Officers or Ministers of the said Court during the Pleasure of the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, for the Time being; and which said Clerk or Clerks, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Officers or Ministers, shall take an Oath before the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, well and truly to execute their said Offices; which said Oath the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any three or more .of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer Commissioners to issue a V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in any Case where the said Com

ca?ias. missioners, or any three or more of them as aforesaid, shall have made any Order or Decree for the

Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court of Requests, or any of them, their or any of their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, at the Prayer of the Party or 'Parties, his or their Agent or Agents, prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his or their Hands and Seals, in the Name of a Fieri facias, or Capias ad fatisfaciendujn; which Precept shall be directed to such Officer or Officers as shall be by the said Commissioners, or any six or more of them for the Time being, appointed to execute the same; who is and are hereby authorised and requiced to levy, or cause to be levied, the Sum or Sums of

Money mentioned in such Precept, in the same Manner as any Sheriff may levy Money by virtue

of any Writ of Fieri facias, or Capias ad fatisfaciendujn, issuing out of any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminfcr.

p.naity on Persons refu VI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case any Person or Persons sing to obey subpana's residing within the said Town and Parish, who shall be duly served with a Subpoena or Summons to oi the Court, be issue by the said Clerk of the Court of Requests, at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons

mentioned, to give Evidence on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, and Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no cause of Absence being shown to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present at the Court to which such Persons shall be by such Subpoena or Summons required to appear, and Oath being made before the same Commissioners by the Party or Parties at whose .Instance, or on whose Behalf, such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or were a material witnel's or Witnesses for such Party or Parties, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, assembled in such Court, and being a Majority of them, to impoie a Fine not exceeding fifty Shillings, nor less than five Shillings, to be levied by Diftiefs and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Offender, the Charges of such Diftiefs and Sale being first deduded; which Fine, when paid or levied, shall be paid over to ihe Party or Parties at whose Instance, or on whose Behalf, such Sulpaem or Summons issued.

Creditorsmey Cut for VII And be it further enacted hythe Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said third Debts under 40s. Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, or from and after the Meeting appointed to be held within six Days after, by the Mayor of the said Town, or six or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being, as before directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, whether refiant or not refiant in the said Town and parish of Kirkby in Kendal, or the Limits of the same, who now or hereafter shall or may have any Debt or Debts, Thing or Things, due or owing, or belonging unto him or them, in his, her or their own Right, or as Executor or Administrator, Guardian or Trullee, for or .to any Person or Persons whatsoever, not

amounting

229

A.D... 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 4.1.

amounting to or of the Value of the Sum forty Shillings, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, as well Attorneys as others, residing, inhabiting or seeking a Livelihood in, or trading to or within the said Town and Parish of Kirkby in'kendal, or the Limits of the same, to apply to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court of Requests, or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, who shall cause such Person or Persons to be warned or summoned by the said Officer or Officers as aforesaid, who is or are hereby appointed, authorised and required, to execute all Warrants, Precepts and proceftes of the said Court of Requests, by personal Service on the Party or Parties, or by Writing left at the dwelling house, Place of Abode, or other Lodging, or at the Stall or Shop of such Person or Persons, within the said Town and Parish of Kirkby in Kendal; or Limits of .the same, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court, to be held in the town's Hall of the same Town, or other Place to be provided as aforesaid: : the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, after such Summons as aforesaid, have full Power and Authority, by virtue of this Adito make, or cause to be made, such Acts, Order or Orders, Decrees, Judgments and Proceedings, between the parties touching such Debt or other Things, not amounting originally to the Sum or Value of forty Shillings, as they shall find to land with Equity and good Conscience;; all such Acts, Order and Orders, Decrees, Judgments and Proceedings, shall be entered and registered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or his or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, and shall be observed, performed and kept in all Parts, as well by the Plaintiffs as by the Debtors or Defendants respectively.

VIII .And, for the better Discovery of the Truth, and the more folentn Determination of Mat Commissioners to adapters and.caufes which shall be brought and Depending in the said Court intended to be established mfter0ath!i

by this Act; be.it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff .or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to all or any the Officers of the said Court, and to all other Persons whatsoever, for or concerning any Business relating thereto, if the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall think it meet.

IX And, for the more effectual Establishment of the said Court, and that the Commissioners Penalty on insulting iht may be veiled with a proper authority, and be free and exempt from Insult and Abuse;; it fur Commissioners.

there enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously or wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the Commissioners, or other Officers of the said Court for the time being, during their sitting in the said Court, or going to or from the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the summoning Officer of the said Court, with or without the Assistance of any other Person or Persons, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and carry him, her or them before the Mayor, or any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town or County of Westmoreland and upon the Insult proved, or other Misbehaviour as aforesaid being duly proved by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the said Mayor, Justice or Justices, shall punish every such Offender, either by Fine not exceeding forty Shillings, nor under five Shillings, upon any one Person for any one Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Offender, or Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of the said Town for any Time not exceeding two Months; and where the said Mayor or Justices shall have imposed a Fine upon such Offender, and there shall not be found sufficient Goods of such Offender whereon such Fine can be levied, the said Mayor,

Justice or Justices, shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, commit the said Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Town, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding two Months.

X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case any Person or Persons shall or being guilty of pes make Oath or give Evidence in any Cause depending in the said Court of Requests, whereby he, jury

she or they do or shall commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and shall thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such Person or Persons, convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury as aforesaid, shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties to which any other Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is and are liable by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

■ XI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall Commissioners to take be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of the Powers gi an Oath, ven by this Act, until such Time as he or they shall have respectively taken an Oath to the Effect following :

I A. B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of my Judgement, hear and determine such Matters and Things as fhalll be brought before me, by 4 virtue of an Act passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Third,

4 entitled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery offmall Debts in the Town and Par if) a/'kirkby 4 in Kendal, in the County a/'wdtmorland, without Favour or Affection to either Party.

1 So help me God.

Which

230

C 41. Anno quarto Georgii III A. D. 1763.

Fees to be taken.

Which Oath the faicl Clerk or Clerks for the time being, his or their Deputy or Deputies, is or are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; .a Memorial whereof shall be entered in the Regiller of the said Court..

XII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ' That the several Fees herein after limited, appointed, fpecilied and expressed, and no other See or Sees, shall or may be taken for the respective Services of the said Clerks, Officers, or Ministers of the said Court of Requests; that is to say.

For issuing out every Summons, to the Clerk -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- — -

To the Officer, for Service -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

For the calling every Defendant before the Court, to the Clerk — —

every Hearing, to the Clerk -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - — ■ ■ -- -- -- -- — —

For every Order upon Hearing, and Entry thereof, to the Clerk —

To the Officer ■- ■ -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

For an Execution, to the Clerk -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

To the Officer, for Service -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

For paying Money into Court, to the Clerk -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

For every Person committed for insulting the Court, to the Clerk —

To the Officer -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

For acknowledging Satisfaction in full, to the Clerk -- -- -- -- -- -- -

For every Search, to the Clerk -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

For a Nonsuit, on the plaintiff's not appearing, to the Clerk —

To every Attorney retained by Plaintiff or Defendant -- -- -- -- -- -- -

To every Attorney appearing for Plaintiff' or Defendant, in Court

£. s. d.

004

006

002 006 o o 3

003 008 o i o 006 006 006 006 0 0 2

004 006 010

A Table of which Fees shall be hung up by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court in some public or mod conspicuous Part or Room of the town's Hall within the said Town of Kirkby in Kendal, or other Place where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid, to the End that all Persons may, at all Times, see and read the same.

51. Penalty on demand XIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk or Clerks, his ing grea erfees. or their Deputy or Deputies, or any other Officer, Person or Persons to be employed by virtue of this act, shall take or demand any greater or other See or Fees than as abovementioned, that then and upon Complaint made to the said Commissioners, sitting in Court, of the said Offence or Offences, such Complaint being duly proved, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or wit neffes again!! him or them so offending as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, then sitting, shall proceed to punish such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, by Fine, not exceeding the Sum of five Pounds for any Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chatties, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, rendering to the Owner the Overplus, if any, after the Charges of the said Distress and Sale are deducted, flebts excepted, XIV Provided always, That this ACI, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to any

. Debt or Detinue for any Rent upon any Lease of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any other real Contract where the Freehold doth come in Question, nor to any Debt which shall' arise by reason of any cause concerning Testaments or Matrimony, or anything concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, nor to any Matter, Cause or Thing within the Office, Cognizance or Commission of a Justice of the Peace; albeit the Debt, Value or Damages, shall be under the Sum of forty Shillings; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding

Plaintiff's not appearing, XV And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if upon the Day of Return of &c.commissioners may the Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs award Colts to Defcn shall not appear, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her or their Demand, to the satisfac a: mt, tion of the Court, but become nonsuited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

or any three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and to order and oblige the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered aha decreed by the said Court.

If Debtors refute to ap XVI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if such Debtor or Debtors, who pear, Commissioners may'shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Court at the Time and hear and determine the place mentioned in the said Summons, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said com cu "* or any three or more of them so assembled, being a Majority of the said Court, after

due Proof upon Oath made of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgement, and to award reasonable Costs of Suit, ns to them shall seem mod agreeable to Equity and good Confeience, and to oblige the Debtor or Debtors, to pay the same, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered and decreed by the said Court.

XVII And

/

A. D. 1763. Anno quarto Georgii III C 41. 231

XVII And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Fine or Fines as are Application of Penalties, directed to be imposed, paid or levied by virtue of this Act, shall be laid out, disposed of, or applied,

to such Use or Uses as the Commissioners for the Time being, or the Majority of them, shall direct and appoint.

XVIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case three or more of the Clerk to adjourn the Commissioners, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to af Court.

semble on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court, it shall and may be lawful for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to some other convenient Opportunity, within one Week from the Time in which the said Court ought to have been held; and in the mean Time, by Direction of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace residing within the said Town and Parish, under his and their Hands and Seals, to warn the said Commissioners, or three or more them, to appear on the Day so fixed by the said Clerk or Clerks; which said Commissioners and every of them, so warned or summoned as aforesaid (and at the Time of such Summons or Notice, residing within the said Town and Parish of Kirkby in Kendal) negledling or refusing to appear on the Day appointed by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court as aforesaid, shall lose and forfeit the Sum of five Shillings; wffiich, on Nonpayment, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chatties, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Town or County of tfeflmorland, such Justice or Justices not being a Commissioner or Commissioners of the said Court; which said Fine or Fines shall be laid out, disposed of and applied, as is herein before directed by this Act.

XIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action or Suit for any Debt, Debts recoverable in this not amounting to forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Requests, 9ourt not t0 be fuedfor shall be brought against any Person or Persons in any other Court whatsoever;; no Suit which lnanj' there Courti shall be commenced in the said Court of Requests in pursuance of this Act, nor any Proceedings

therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court; but the same shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

XX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Order, Decree or other Pro Proceedings not remov ceedings of the said Commissioners, in the said Court of Requests, shall be removed or remove able by Certiorari, able by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's Courts of

Record at Wcjhninjler; and in case any Person or Persons shall be aggrieved by any Order, Decree,

Determination or Proceeding of the said Commissioners in the said Court of Requests, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any of the Clerk or Clerks, Officer or Officers thereto belonging, such Person or Persons aggrieved as aforesaid, shall and may recover full Satisfadlion for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XXI And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit shall be Limitation of Actions, brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, then, and in such Case, such Action and Suit shall be brought and commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this General iituc.

Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits; or if, upon Verdict or Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as Treble Coils, any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other Cases by Law.

[Publick Act.]

XXII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Publick Act; and be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

FINIS.

THE

[INDEX]

THE

TABLE

Abatement

WRIT of Dower Unde nihil habet, where abateable, 3 Edi. C 49.

2. Where an Appeal shall abate for not being brought in time; 6 Ed. 1. ft. 1. C 9.

3. Writs abated during the Circuit of Justices in Eyre, may be amended, 13 Ed. 1. C 10-

4. Writ of Raviftiment of Ward not to abate by the Death of the Party, 13 Edi. C 35.

5. View not to be granted after Abatement of the first Writ, where there was a View upon the first Writ, 13 Ed. x'.'ft. 1. C 48.

6. Nontenure, or mifnaming of a Town, is a dilatory Abatement

of Assize, ibid.

7. Where a Writ shall abate for Jointenancy, 34 fl. 1. —

Where, by Exception of Nontenure, the Writ shall only abate for the Parcel, 25 Ed. 3./. 5. <. 16,

8. Where a Writ shall not abate for Villeinage, 37 Ed. 3. C 17.

9. If the Declaration allege the Contratt to be made in another

County than that in which the Writ was brought, the Writ shall abate, 6 R. 2: C 2. *>■..

10. There may be Execution upon a Statute Merchant once shewn in C B. though the Process be discontinued, 3 H. 4. C 12.

11. Writs of A (life in Franchises where abateable, g H. 4. C 5.

8 H. 6. C 26.

12. Where Writs, tndi&ments, C shall abate for want of an Addition, 1 H. 5. C C

13. Writs purchased by or against the Wardens'of Rcchcfter Bridge, shall not abate by the Death of some of them, 9 W. 5. ft. 1. C 12.

•14. Certain Suits not to be abated for Acceptance of Knighthood, 4 H. 6. C 4.

ij. Where a Sheriff is named one of the di(tei(fors in an Affile, and it is found he is not, it shall abate, 11 H. C 2.

-16. Attaint shall not abate, though one of the Plaintiffs die; or be nonsuit; nor for the Death of any of the Petty Jury, so that two of them be living, 11 H. 7. C 21. ■ •

17. Actions shall not abate by the Execution of the Possession to the Use, 27 H. 8. C 10. § 15.

>18. Writs shall not abate by reason of a new Commission, cor the Plaintiffs or Commissioners taking a new Name of Dignity, i Ed. 6. e. 7. 5 2, 3, 4, 6.

19. The Heir may pursue a Writ of Error to reverse a Fine, notwithstanding the Death of the Ancestor, 27 El. C 9. § 4.

20. Suits in the name of the Clerk of the Peace again ft the Inhabitants of a Hundred not abated by his Death, 27 El. C 13. $ 3-

at. Commissioners shall proceed to Execution, though Bankrupt die, 1 Jac. 1. C 15. § 17.

22. Writs not abated for using the Styles of the Usurpation, 1 z Car. 2. C 3. $ 3.

'Vol, IX Tab.

23. Death of a Party between Verdifl and Judgement, not to be Error, provided Judgement be entered within two Terms, 17 Car. 2. C 8.

24. Plea to an Information not to abate by Death of the King, 4f3, S if.&m.c.i*. §7.

25. Death of the Party after Interlocutory Judgement not to abate, 8 & 9 W. 3. C 11. § 6.

26. Death of one Plaintiff or Defendant, where there is another surviving, not to abate, 8 Lf 9 IV 3. C 11. § 7.

27. No Plea of Abatement in Suits for Partition, C 8 £3' 9 ^■3 el: §3*

28. Certain Processes not to abate by the Death of the King, 1 Jinn. ft. 1. C 8. § 5.

29. No dilatory Plea without Affidavit, 4 Ann. C 16. § 11.

30. Commission of Eankrupt does not abate by Death of the King, .5 Geo, 2. C 30. § 45

For other Matters, see abtutiott, Attaint 14- 2j£>attll tupt 3, 23. ©ifconttnunticc of j3?ocefs, jdobjctr 5. trot: 9, 14, 15. Ucofatls, 3!ufttces of fucacc 13. jlnotsment 8. Information 13. Jubgment 4, s fjattittott 3. Ctcfpafs 3.

3bbcj> lans tinu slbbot* See Monasteries.

abtucattolt Of fttltg James, 1 IV ij M. Jeff. 2. C 2. §7.

Sibccbjotbocb*

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 11 Geo. 2. C 4.

abetbceit.

1. The Records of the Court destroyed by Fire to be supplied. 8 Geo. 1 ..r. 28. ggeo. le. 25.

2. A Duty of Excise continued to the Town, 4 Geo. 2. e. *3.

abettor See Accessary, Principal.

Stytttatfon*

1. Deer stealers that cannot find Sureties, shall abjure the Realm,

9 H. 3. ft. 2. C 10. 3 Ed. 1. C 20.

2. Persons abjured not bailable, 3 Ed. 1. C tj.

3. Ancient Provisions concerning the Abjuration of Felons, 9 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C to & 15. 21 H. 8. C 2. 22 H. 8. C 14. § 1, 2. 28 H 8. r. 1.

4. Popiffi Recusants, how to abjure the Realm, 35 El. <. 1 & 2,

§ 8, 9, 10.

5. Sanctuaries abolished, 1 Ja. I. C 25. § 34. 21 Ja. I. C 28.

§ 7- _ '

6. Where Nonconformists to abjure the Realm, 13 {S' 14 Car. 2.

f. t. § 2.

A Abjuration

tffccflfaqn account. * action popular.

abjuration <datl). See Oaths, Forestallers J abutment. See Assize 23.

abfolutfon.

Persons wilfully absolved, €ifc. guilty of Treason, 23 El. C I.

§ 2. See isoiuc,

acccflatg.

1. Shall not be outlawed in Appeal till the Principal is attainted, St Wtjlm. I. 3 Edi. C 14.

2. Shall be'kept till the Principal is attainted, 4 Ed. i.jl. 2. De Ojfu. Coron.

3. On false Appeal, if Appellor be not able. Abettors shall pay Damages, and be imprisoned a Year, 13 Ed. 1. C 12.

4 Acceflhries to the taking away Women against their Will to be deemed Principals, 3 H. 7. C 2.

5. Indictment of an Accefiary in one County, to a Felony committed in another, z {s' 3 Ed. 6. C 24. § 3 & 4.

6. Aft a<*ainft Egyptians does not extend to Accefiaries, t z P. fcf M. C 4. § 8.

7. Receivers of stolen Goods shall be deemed Accefiaries after the

Fast, 3 IV & M. C 9. § 4. and may be punished as for a Misdemeanour, though the Principal is not convicted, 1 Ann. ft. 2. e. 9. § 2. 5 Ann. C 31. § 5 {S' 6. may be transported

for 14 Years, 4 Geo. 1. C 11.

8. Where the Principal Felon has his Clergy, {sk. the Accefiary may be proceeded against, 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 9.

9. Accefiaries in Healing Black Lead, and Receivers, guilty of

Felony, 25 Geo. 2. C 10. § 1, 3. _

Jo. Receivers of stolen Lead, Iron, (Ac. may be convicted without the Principal, 29 Geo. 2. C 30. § 1. and Felon convifting the Receiver pardoned, § 8.

For other Matters, see ^fclotltcs totttyout clergtj, Title

cdtattcs, l^abcae Cojpus .12-

account attb accountant

3. The king's Accountants to be imprisoned for Default, St. Scacc. 51 //. 3. /?. 5. •

2. Guardian in Soccage to account, 52 H. 3. C 17.

3. baililfs Accountant, not having Lands, to be attached by their Bodies to render Account. St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 23.

4. Accountants to bz committed in Execution for their Arrears,

St. iveflm. 2. 13 Edi. C it.

5. Prccefs of Outlawry granted against Accountants, St. weftm.z. 1 3 Ed. 1. C 11.

f. Executors shall have a Writ of Account, St. Weflm. 2. 13 Ed.

ir. 23.

7. Where Plaintiff suggests an Account, Justices shall examine Attorney, tsk. 5 H. 4. C 8.

8. Commissions shall go to inquire into Accounts passed in the Exchequer, 6 H. 4. e. 3.

9. Accountants for Difmes, not chargeable to' other men's Suits in the Exchequer, 1 R. 3. C 14.

jo. Penalty on Auditors, C not accounting for Debts to the King, or concealing pent, tic. 33 H. 8. C 39. § 23, 24.

11. Actions of Account to be brought within six Years. 21 Jac. 1. C \ b. § 3.

12. Action of Account given against Executors, and to jointe nants, and Tenants in Common, 4 Ann. C 16. § 27.

For other Matters, see ssbnu'ntftratiotl, dsk. 7, 12. <£}>ctycquct 3, 7, 18, 19, 20. jdebt to anti from ttys Siting 0, 15, 26, 29. ikcccibcre 5, 7, n, 12, s

/

General in dtfjemcctg,

j. Appointed, 12 G sic. 32. § 3,

2. To Hand in the Place of the Mailers and.ulher,. 12gv0.1. C 32. § 4.

3. Securities in the Names of the Mailers and Usher, transferred to him, ] 2 Geo. i. C 32. § 5 £3* 7.

4. He is not to meddle with the Suitors Money, 12 Geo. 1. c.32. §8.

5. Charges of his Office to be paid out of the Interest of the Suitors Money, 12 Geo. z. C 24.

6. Salary of the Accountant General and his Clerk, ibid.

For other Matters, see ctyaitcsrp, clontcc ixltttyout: cletgb, Title Jfpjgcries.

account.

1. To be taken of prize Goods, 13 {s' 14 Car. 2. C 14. 16 Is

1 7 Car. 2. C 6.

2. Of Public Moneys, 19 Car. 2. C 8. 2 W. Iff M. ft. 2. C 11.

4 IV iff M. C 11. 5 IV & M. C 23. 6 {S' 7 W. 3. C 9.

7 & 8 IV 3. C 8. 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 10. I Ann. ft. 2. C 19. 9 Ann. C 13.

3. Of Money given for Relief of indigent Officers, 22 £^23 Car. 2. CL 21.

4. Of the Debts of the Army, 1 Ann. flat. 2. C 20. 6 Geo. 1.

C 17.

5. How Accounts are to be kept of Money due to the Army, 33 Geo. 2. C 6. § 48. Paymasters to account with Executors of every Officer and Soldier, § 60.

accusation.

I.. .Suggellions made to the King shall be referred to the Chancellor and Treasurer to be proved, and then Process of Law made out. 37 Ed. 3. e. l8„.

2. False Suggestions to be punilbed by Imprisonment, 38 Ed. 3. ft. le. 9.

3. No Man ftiall be put to answer without Presentment or lawful Process, 42 Ed. 3. C 3.

4. No Appeals shall be pursued iri Parliament, 1 H. 4. C 14.

5. Anonymous Accusations of High Treason made Felony, 37 H. 8. C 10. Repealed 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 4.

For other Matters, fe ^infojmations, Ifabeas co?pus 13, Liberties.

astons popular.

1. The Plaintiff may by Replication allege Covin in a former Action pleaded. 4 H. 7. C 20.

2. A release of a common Person pending the Suit, not available, 4 H. 7. C 20.

3. Shall be commenced within three Years for the King, and within one Year for another Person, 1 H. 8. C 4.

4. Other Limitations of Prescriptions, 7 H. 8. C 3. 18 El. C 5.

3. The Informer shall not compound without Consent of the

Court, 18 El. C 5. § 3.

6. An Informer milbehaving to Hand on the Pillory, SV, 18 El.

C. §4. 27 El. C 10.

7. Defendants in Suits on penal Statutes may appear by Attorney, 29 El. C 5. § 21. Restrained by 31 El. C 10. § 20.

8. None restrained by Order of Court, shall pursue a popular Action, 31 El. C 5. § 1.

9. Actions on penal Statutes shall be laid in the proper County, 31 El. C 5. § 2. Cases excepted, § 4.

10. Common Informers shall bring their Action within one Year, and the Crown within two Years after, 31 El. C 5. § 3.

11. Certain penal Statutes on which the Suit shall be at thequar ter sessions oraffiaes, or Leet, 31 El, C 3. § 7.

1 2. Informations that may be prosecuted in the County, shall be prosecuted there, 21 Ja. ir. 4.

13. All Oft'ences against penal Statutes shall be laid in the proper County, zt Ja. 1. C 4. § 2. Not extended to Informations, k. for defrauding Customs. ibid. § 5.

For other Matters, see costs, cvtoj, j8. 3i^fofmatfon. |

* * sisotj

atmu'talj C

miu'mff cation

staan 'Butitel, II Ed, r.

Defendants Addition shall be inserted in Writs of excommunicato Capiendo, S El. C 23. § I 3 if 14.

See abatement 12. excommunication 12. Jntics 33. jldiitiiilkje 11,

adjournment.

Of Aflifes and Nift prius on account of the Parliament, 9 H. 6 C 1.

See Common j^lcas 2. Jfincss 20.

atuneafurement of Botnet, and ipaffure.

1. Guardian shall have a Writ of Admeasurement of Dower,

St. Wefim. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 7.

2. Process in Admeasurement of Dower and Pasture shortened,

St. Wefim. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 7.

3. The writ of Secunda fuperoneratione given, st.wejhn. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 8.

4. Justices shall award Damages, and deliver the Eftreats to the Barons of the Exchequer, ifc. ibid.

Stomuufftati'on and admuufftato?0.

1. The Ordinary shall be answerable for the Goods of an Intestate to his Creditors, St. Wejlm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C q.

2. Shall commit Administration to the mod lawful Friends, 31 Ed. 3. fiat. 1. C 11.

3. Fees for granting Administration, 21 H. 8. C 5.

4. Shall be granted to Widow of Intestate, or next of Kin, or both at Discretion; and when one or more in equal Degree request, Ordinary may admit the Widow, or elect one at plea sure, 21 H. 8. C 5. § 3, 4.

4. Persons fraudulently obtaining Goods of an Intestate shall answer as Executors of their own Wrong, 43 El. C 8.

6. Where sn Kvermor nr Administrator has obtained Judgement, after Verdict, the Administrator de bonis non may have a Scire

facias, 17 Car. 2. C 8. § 2.

7. Directions for the Distribution of elates, zzif 23

Car. 2. C 10.

8. No Distribution till one Year after inteftate's Death, 22 is" 23 Car. 2. C 10. § 8.

9. Estates pur autre vie devisable and Assets, 29 Car. 2. C 3.

§ 1 2.

10. A Husband shall not "be compelled to distribute his wife's Estate, 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 25.

a 1. Creditors enab'ed to recover their Debts of Executors, and Administrators of Executors in their own Wrong, 30 Car. 2.

/■ '■ § 7-

22. Administrators shall not be cited to account but at the in stance of a Minor or Creditor, or next of Kin, 1 Ja. 2. C 17. § 6.

13. The Brothers and Sisters of the Intestate shall have equal Shares with the Mother, 1 Ja. 2. C 17-. § 7.

14. Shares claimed by the Administrator by Custom shall be distributed, 1 Ja. 2. C 17. §8.

15. The Power of granting Administration of Goods of Persons in the Dock Yards granted to Ordinary of Diocese where they die, and their Wages not deemed bona notabilia, 4 Ant. C t6. § 26.

16. Executors and Administrators of Colonels, ifc. to pay Sol diers, ifc. in Preference to others, ' 12 ann.fi. 1. C 13. 57.

17. Distribution shall be made of Estates, pur autre vie, whereof there is no Special Occupant, and which are undevifed, 14 Geo.

2. e. 20. § 9.

For other Matters, see <hr£ccut0j5 it.; jfrauts 10. Jnhctl^ £djtinari?, jjjecufbiits 3c.

anmfiufftaticm cum '©effamento nnne.to.

To be granted as usual, 22 If 23 Car. 2. C 10. § 9.

0inm'rnl anti Stmu'cnltp.

1. The Admiral shall not hold Plea of Things done on Land, 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 3..

2. Shall not hold Plea of Matters arising in the Body of the

County, or of Wreck, 15 R. 2. C 3. 2 H. 4. C 11.

3. Shall not take any Money of those that go to Ifeland, Newfoundland, or Ireland, to fish, 2 if 3 Ed. 6. C

4. Piracy, ifc. to be tried within the Realm, and not before the Admiral, ifc. 27 H. 8. C 4. §1.

5. What Offences shall be tried by the Admiral, 5 El. C j.

§ 3

6. Sentences of the Delegates upon Appeal in Marine Causes, shall be final, 8 El. C 5.

7. Aft against Cottages not to extend to Parts where Admiral ought to have Jurisdiction, 31 El. C 7. § 5.

8. Proceedings on Process out of Court of Admiralty, 22 (s' 23 Car, 2. C 11. § 5.

9. The Office of Lord Admiral may be executed by commis iioners, 2 W. if M. fi. 2. C 2.

10. Powers given to the Commissioners of the Admiralty and Navy, for preventing the imbezilling of Naval Treasure or stores, 1 Geo. z.jl, 2. C 25.

11. Proceedings in Court of Admiralty may be certified beyond Sea in Latin, 4 Geo. 2. C 26. § 3.

12. Register of Court of Admiralty to transmit Copies of Seamens Letters of Attorney, to Treasurer of Greenwich hospital, 20 Geo, 2. C 24. § 13. — Copies of such Letters Evidence, ibid. § 14.

13. Powers of the Admiralty relating to court-martial, 22 Geo,

2. C 33.

14. Admiralty may make Articles of War, ifc. for the Government

of the Marine Forces on Shore, 28 Geo. 2. C 11, 29 Geo 2. C 6. 30 Geo. 2. C 11.

15. Admiralty to give Commissions to Privateers; and Die: »«‘»

for condemning Prizes, 17 Geo. 7 -- on *9 2• 34*

$ 2, 32, 22 Geo - — -- >■

ja., areer Matters, see Limitations n. j3j13cs;, 11, ifc. ^atqttc ana istp^al, safe Ccmtmfi, i&trccu,

00 (juoo onnintmt.

t, Persons purchasing a new Park, and Men of Religion amor tifing Lands, mult sue out a Writ of Ad quod damnum, 27 Ed, ft. 7.

2. Peifons injured by Enclosures after a Writ of Ad quod damnum, may appeal to the Quarter sessions, 8 if 9 W, 3. C 16. § 6. for other Matters, see l^tgj)toai?s.

$ooectifemcnt£.

1. Duty of twelve Pence on every Adverlifement in the News Papers, 10 Ann. C 19. § 101. z. Penalty of 50/. on Persons advertising a Reward with no ques tonnes asked, for the Return of Things stolen or lost, arid on the Printer, 25 Geo. 2. C 36. 28 Geo. 2. C 19.

0oulterp.

Archbishops, ifc. may punish Priests convicted of Adultery, 1 H. 7. C 4.

0tmotofcm* -

1. king's Clerk not to receive Presentment of a Church which is in Debate, 3 Ed. 1. C 28.

2. A Reversioner shall not be put out of Possession by a presentation during the particular Estate, nor an Heir within Age, nor an Ecclesiastical Person during Vacation, St. itijlm. 2, 1 3 Ed, 1. C 3.

A 2 3. Flcnarty

w

African Company

3. Plenarty of the Defendant's own Presentation shall be no Plea to a Writ brought within six Months, St, Weftm, 2. 13 Edi,

4. The Writ of Right De adnjoeatione decimarum, granted, St, Weftm, 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 5. § 4.

5. Usurpation by a Parcener upon a co heir shall not put out of Possession, St, Weftm, 2. 13 Ed, 1, C 5. § 5.

6. Advowfons, unless expreifed, do not pass with the Grant of a Manor, 17 Ed. 2. C \5.

7. View shall not be granted in a Writ of Advowson, but where there be more Churches than one in a Town, Statrde Vifu Terre, Temp, H. 3. & Ed. 1 & 2.

S. All Persons having Advowfons shall have their Presentments freely; and if the Pope make Provisions, King to present,

2 3 Ed, 3. f, 6, § 3.

9. The 32 H, 8. C 2, not to extend to Writs of Right of Advowson, I Mar. ft. 2. e. 5. § 4.

10. The King shall have the Advowson of Vicarages belonging

to Reflories impropriate, renounced by Queen Mary, 1 El. C 4 § 25. '. _.

it. The Presentation to Benefices belonging to Papists, given to the two Universities, 3 Jac. 1. C 5. § 18 1$ 19. 1 IV & M.

C 26. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 14.

12. Days in Bank in Writs of Right of Advowson, 16 Car. 1.

C § 5. _

13. Conveyances of Advowfons, Impropriations, lac. to true ftees appointed by the Long Parliament, by pretended Delinquents, made void. 13 If? i4car. 2. t, 25.

14. Patrons of united Parishes to present by Turns, 22 Car.. 2.

C 11. § 68.

15. Where Partition is made to present by Turns, each shall be seized of a separate Estate, 7 Ann, C 18.

16. The Rights of Patrons in Scotlandreftored, 10 Ann. C 12.

17. Agreement about Patronage of augmented Cures .confirmed,

1 Gee. 1. ft. 2. C 10. § 8.

18. Colleges holding more Advowfons than half the Number of Fellows, not capable of taking any more, sygeo. 2. e. 36.5.

19. Grants Df Advowfons by Papists, unless for a valuable con fideration to a rrui.cn.au>. V 'irhafer, and Devises of Advowfons by Papists made void, 11 Gee. 2. C 17. ^

For other Matters, see ubiftjopis 4. Ccclcfintttcat vcuuvte 17, 25. jfttft fruits, abaptc, Limitations, jontufts, jbtiare jinpedit, ikornc, ^)tmonp, jpjercgatiuc 10. ^cfentment,

suftoalut.

. The Chancellor of the Duchy may grant Commissions to take Affidavits, 16 & 17 Car. 2. C 9.

2. Affidavits in the Courts at Westminjter may be taken before Commissioners, or before a Judge of Assize, 29 Car. 2. C 5.

3. Affidavit of Burial in Woollen, 30 Car. 2. ft. 1. C 3. § 4, 5. 32 Car: 2. e. 1, § 3. — Where no Justice, may be made before the Parson, ibid.

4. To be made where Cause of Action amounts to 10/. 12 Geo. e. 29. § 2.

For other Matters, see sjbntcmettt 20. plantations 37. Stamps, Title ?f£scabit, — 3mtices of sihgje 20. 3e>ttrijaiu 9.

aihcniatl'mu See Quakers.

3ffcnp.

No Man shall bring Force in Affray of the Peace, 2 Ed. 3. C 3.

African Company antictntie.

1. Twenty Shillings payable to the crown.for the Shares, 4^5 W. 13 M. C 15; § 11.

2. General Permission to trade to Africa, paying 10 percent. 9 fff 10 IV 3. C 26.

3. The Agreement between the African Company and their Creditors made effeflual, to Ann. C 27.

4. Traders to Africa incorporated, and the company's Settlements, (Ac. veiled in them, 23 Geo. 2. e. 31/ 25 Geo, 2.

C 40.

5. Time given to settle the old company's Debts, (Ac. 24 Geo.

2. r. 49.

6. New Company may raise Forces, 25 Geo. 2. C 40. § 5.

7. The Sort of Senegal and its Dependencies veiled in the African Company, 4 Geo, 3. C 20,

For other Matters, see coutts 10.

C

1. Not to delay the Demandant in a Writ of Entry upon dif seisin in the Per, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 47.

2. 'Nonage of the Plaintiff shall not delay the taking an Inquefl

• : in Mortdancefter, st.glouc. 6 Ed. 1. C 2.

3. Age shall not be allowed the Vouchee in Cui in mita, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed, -1, C 40.

For Execution against an Heir, see d^ccutlott and jrccogttd

$anccs.

For other Matters, see 31tlfntlt.

%1'eements?*

Are to be in Writing, - 29 Car. 2. C 3. §4..

See jrrnuos, C

ggjjtepte jfuntu See Funds. sl0lffulcllt in a Forejt. See Sore ft.

thu Dcu See Rome.

1. Purfaire ftx Chin alter, (Ac. regulated, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. rj

C 36. 23 Ed. 1. C 25 Ed. 3. ft. 3. C II

2. Free Will Aids not to be drawn into Cnflom,

3. None to be taken but by common Assent, 25 Ed. i.ft.i.e.b

1- No Aid but by Assent of Parliament, 14 Ed. 3. ft. z. CI

For other et lsenebotenccs, ulibecttes.

fd of te

1. On what Grants the Grantee shall have it, st.de Big. 4 Ed. 1., ft, 3* C 1, 2, 3*

2. There shall be but four Writs of Search for the King, 14 Ed,

3. ft. 1. r. 14..

3. Where the King grants without Title found, the Diffdfee shall have a Special Alfife; and if the Grantee pray in Aid of the King, the Chancellor shall issue a Procedendo, 1 H. 4, r. 8.

4. In a£lions against the king's Purveyors for taking Cattle, (Ac, without paying for them, the Defendant shall not have Aid of the King, 20 H. 6. C 8.

5. In what Manner the Court of Augmentations should make Sa

tisfaflion where the King was bound to Warranty, 33//. 8. C 39- $ 58- 34 & 35 H 8‘ C ‘9 § 6*

For other Flatters, see £>ctlttl),

3iel anil 'Bcfafcf* See Mortdancefter, anb caiofr* See Rivers. suamoeesk See Silks.

See Guernsey

anti 3ieljoufe&

a/rensf*

Ale anti Aleljoufetf.

>4

j. The old Affile, dfiifa panis, C 51 H. 3. ft, j, Judic, Pillar. 51 H, 3, ft, 6, ordiit.pro Piftor. incerti temp, C 6,

2. Justices of Peace enabled to suppress Alehouses, 19 H. 7.

C 12.

3. Alehouies shall be licensed by the Justices, 5^6 Ed. 6. C 25. Fairs excepted. Mid, '§ 6.

4. Keepers of Alehouses not to suffer Tipling, 1 Ja. 1. C 9.

5. The Prices of Ale, EV. 1 Ja. 1, r. 9. § 3.

6. Saving of the Privileges of the Universities, 1 Ja, 1, C 9. § 6. 4 Ja. 1. C 5. § 10. - 26 G. 2. r. 3 1. § 15.

7. The Penalty of selling Ale, r. to any nnlicenfed Alehonfe, 4 Ja. I. e. 4..

S. Penalties of Tipling and Drunkehnefs, 4 Ja. 1. C 5. 21 Ja,

I. r. 7. I Car. I. 4. _

9. Offenders unable to pay Forfeiture to be fet in the Stocks,

4 Ja. 1, C 5. § 2, 4.

10. Not restrain Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, 4 Ja. 1. C r C •?*

11. alehouse keepers offending disabled, 7 Ja. rr. 10. 21

Ja 1. G 7.

12. Penalties of keeping an alftoufe without Licence, 3 Gar. 1. r. 3. Fairs except, Hid, § 6,

13. Vintner who keep Inns, C to be within the ab again!! tippag, 3 Crzr. j. 4, 3. § 2,

p. Offenders unable to pay Penalty to be whipped, 3 Car. 1. r. 3. § 2.

15. Public-houses prohibited to use Plate, 7 & 8 W. 3. C 19.

5 3-

16. Retailers of Ale to sell it only in Veffelsof a Standard mea sure marked by the Mayors of Corporations, C 11 Cs? 12

, W. CI

Ale Licences to be duly stamped, before Recognizances taken, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 56,

18. Licences to be granted at pnblick Meetings of the Justices only, 2 Geo. 2. C 28, §11. In September 26 Geo. 2. C 31. § 4*

19. Form of Conviflion for keeping an Alehonfe, tfc. without Licence, 9 Geo. 2. C 23, § 15.

20. Penalty on alehouse keepers entertaining Persons against whom Process has issued, for Offences againll the Laws of Customs or Excise. 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § 30,

21. None to suffer for such Entertaining, unless Notice have been given in Gazette, of Offenders absconding, 9 Geo. 2. C 3;.

J,..

22. Penalty on alehouse keeper having Licence to retail spirituous Liquors exercising particular Trades during the continuar.ee of such Licence, 17 Geo. 2. C 17. § t8.

23. Houses or Gardens for Muftc or Dancing not to be kept without Licence, 2; Geo, 2. C 36. § 2.

z. Justices being Brewers, Maltfters, Distillers or Viflualiers, retrained from granting Licences, z6geo. 2. C 13. § 12.

25. Reftriflions of Licences for Alehouses, 26 Geo. 2. C 31. 28

Geo. 7. C 19. § 2. 29 Geo. 2. C 12.

26. Recognizances to be registered, 26 Gee, 2. C 3 t. §5.

27. Parishioners may be Witnesses, 26 Gee. 2. C .3 t. § 17,

28. Penalty on Publicans permitting Journeymen, C to game in their Houses, 3c Geo. 2. e. 24. § 14.

29. Soldiers may be quartered in Alehouses, 33 Geo. 2. C 6. § 23. and r. 8, § 16. and fubfeqnent Acts.

.For other Matters, see 'i15cct flud 2jlc 6, iffc. hsjatthp Zs, fyc. Coffee i2. cijhrcljboariens 1, 2. cletr of tljc peace 9. conhabies 6, 7. ©ioiilcrs 6, t. cyctcc, Stamps, Y 3btceufe, lliftaais, 11, 14, 21. pjttous, isc. 25, CC

Alienation toitljout Licence

1, Old Statutes relating thereto, 18 Ed. 1 .ft. 1. e. i, 17 Ed.2. jt.i.c.6, 1 Ed. $. ft. 2. C 12& 13. i^ed, 3. t. IJ. 27

4

ff. 8. e, 10. § 12. 32 H. S. e, 1, § j, 5, jc. 34 Ei? 35//. 8.

f. 5- § >3* ...

2. Fines for Alienation taken away, i?uar. 2, C 24. § i.

See ssityops, lujlenfjeiin lloufe.

Allensf

j. The king's Prerogative with el'peft to their Lands, Prarog, Reg. 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 12,

2. Children of the king's ■subjcas born beyond Sea, held natural born Subjeas, ofed, 3. ft. 2.

3. Born in the King's foreign Dominions, 42 Ed. 3. C 10. Or

born out of King's Allegiance, 7 Am. C 5, 4 Geo. 2.

e,, 21.

4. Aliens prohibited to take Benefices without the king's LI

cerce, 3 R. 2. C 3. 7 R. 2. C 12. 1 H.5.C.7.

C Bretons banished on pain of Death, 3 H. 5. ft. 2. r. 3.

6. No Alien to use any Handicraft in England, 1 R. 3. C 9. § 9. Bakers, Brewers, Surgeons and Scriveners, not accounted Handicrafts, 22h.s.0. 13.

7. An Alien made Denizen shall pay the same Culloms as before, 1 H. 7. C n H. 7. C 14. 22 H. 8. C 8. altered by

21 Car. 2. C 6.

8. Regulations of the Apprentices and Journeymen of Alien Artificers, and of the Wares made by them, 14 1 5 H. S. C 2.

21 H. 8. C 16. — Exception as to Strangers in the Universities, 14& 1; H. 8. C 2. §11. 2i ft 8. r. 16. § 9.

9. An enghjhmnn sworn to a foreign Prince shall pay Aliens Cnftoms, 14 & 15 H. 8. C 4.

10. Strangers made Denizens to conform to the Laws, and a Proviso for that Purpose to be inserted in their Patents, 32 H. 8, C 16. § 7 & 9.

11. Restraint of the Number of foreign Servants, 32 H. 8. C 16,

§ 8, 10, 12.

12. Leases of Houses or Shops to Aliens not Denizens made void, and a Penalty of 5 I. on the Lessor and Lessee, 32 H, 8, C 16. § 13.

13. Aliens shall not be Merchants or fa&ors in the Plantations, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 2.

14. Goods not to be carried from one Port in England to another, in Vessels of Aliens not denizened, 12 Car. 2. r. l8. §6.

What are to be deemed Aliens Goods, 1 2 Car. 2. C 18. § 9.

16. Children of Aliens under the'ageof twenty-one, shall not enter Goods for Import or Export, 1*3 Es 14 Car. 2. C 11 § 10.

17. Natural subjects may inherit and make their Title by Ancestors

born beyond Sea, 11 y 12 W. 3. C 6, 25 Geo. 2.

{. 39*

18. Aliens not to enjoy a Place of Trust, or take a grant of

Lands from the Crown, 1 2 13 IV 3. e. 2. § 3, 1 Geo. 2.

Ji. z. C 4. ' ■

19. Goods imported in British built Ships being the Property of Foreigners to pay Aliens Tiuty, zq Geo. 2. r. 34. § 20.

For other Matters, see 3jppjenttccs 3. <utci)ctl>2. 35ittficezs

5, e. Customs, 24, 59, UT Cljaneetp 8. jdjapcrg * d.'isfc. ■${$) 6, 21, -26, 45, 54, 67. (Uolt! id

Siibct 18. (©focerp Ktnrec 1. lints h. Hojncrs z. Leather 4, 9. ^anufalturcs 4. 3l*ngu<te 1.

Merchants?, 18 jjjequent. £)^oitcp 19. iso. 3j$atu= raiiiatioit, parliament, petoterers 4. plantations 14, 16, 51, 64, esv. s>htps 3, 18, Cfc. 28. 41, 78, 94, C Cities 4. Clfttuais -. 2clool 31. ^upremacp 3.

Allcolaucc*

None that faithfully serve the King for the Time being shall forfeit anything for the same, 11 11. 7. C 1.

Allom.

1, To what Duties liable, 2 W. & m.jejj, 2. C 4, § 50.

2. Duties

Awnairaiiojs* Amendment

2. Duties payable on Exportation not altered by 8 Gee. 1. C it,

§8.

almanatlis* See Stamps. alms^ijoufcs*

1. The Quarter sessions h*vv to order Buildings for their Poor, 43 EL r. 2. § 3.

2. How exempt from Taxes, 40^ j. <•. 2. §22 iff 26.

3. The Tenants of alms houses w'rj>re not to claim such Exemption, 4 Geo. 3. 2. § 23 iff 24.

4. Commissioners how to determine Quentins relating to the taxing of alms houses, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 25.

See Charitable Ufcs 1.

altar See Service.

ambnlfnoojs*

1. Where their Servants are excepted from the Penalties of re cufancy, i W. if? m.ft. 1. eg. § 5.

2. Privileged from Arrdls, 7 Ann. C 12.

3,, Traders not privileged by putting themselves into the Service of Ambassadors, 7 Ann. C 12. § 5. — Their Servants to be re giilered, ibid.

4. Violations of their Privileges excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. t. 52. §11.

5. Assessments on their Houses to be paid by their Landlords,

4 Gee. 3. C 2,, § 43.

Amber

Duties on Amber Beads, Amber rough, and Amber Oil, 4 if? 5 If', if? M. C 5. § 2.

Amentmtent*

1. No Fines to be taken for Amendments, 32 H. 3, C 11.

2. Errors in Records owing to the Misprision of Clerks, may be amended, 14 Ed. 0, ft. 1, e. 6.

3. Records not to be amended in a Term after the Judgement given and enrolled, 11 H. 4. C 3.

4. May be amended as well after Judgement given as before, 9 H.

5. ft. 1. r. 4. 4 H. 6. C 3. Except Appeals andlndiftments

of Treason, ife. 8 H. 6. C 12. § 2, C 15.

5. Not to extend to Wales or Process of Outlawry, 4 f. 6. C 3.

1 8 H. 6, r. 1;.

6. Writs of Error may be amended, 5 Geo. 1. C 13.

7. Judgement not to be reversed for Error, 8 H. 6. C 12.- — Defendant in Error may allege Diminution or Variance, and it shall be amended, 8 H. 6. C 12. § 2.

8. Judge may amend Miilakes of Clerks, 8 H. 6. C 13.

9. Defects in Orders of Justices, relating to the Duties on Malt and Leather, to be amended at the Sessions, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 10,

10. Defects in Justices Orders, may be amended at the Sessions,

5 Geo. 2. e. 19.

For other Matters, see me 23, jjeofatlsj itjecojds,

Amerciaments*

1. Shall be sains 0 contenemento, and shall be affered, M. C 9 H. 3 C is.

2. Who may amerce for Default on common Summons, 32 if. 3. C 18.

3. Townships hall not be amerced by Justices in Eyre, if a fuf ilcient Number come, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 24.

4. Vouchee shall not be amerced before Justices in Eyre, for not appearing, except on the first Day, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3, C 26.

3. Shall be reasonable, St. Weflm. t. 3 Ed. 1. C 6.

6. Where Diffeifors shall be amerced, 6 Ed. 1. C 14.

7. Fines for Trespass hall be reasonable, 34 Ed, 3. C 1,

Amerciament* Annuities.

5. Fines shall be taken in the Presence of the Pledges, 38 Ed. 3. /7. ie.

9. Amerciaments for insufficient Returns, hall be seton Bailiffs, iffe. of Franchises, and not on Sheriffs, 27 H. 8, e. 24.

10. Excessive Fines and unusual punishments declared illegal, IV iff m.ft. 2. C 2.

11. Grantsof Fines before Con viftion illegal, : fv.ift m.ft. 2. e. 2.

For Other Matters, see 3. defitcats, ?dco

fault, Capintut po fine.

America See Plantations.

Amcmeas manum

In what Cases to be granted, 2g Ed. 1. Stat. dc Efcbeatcribus.

Ammunition See Gunpowder. Amptljlll*

The Honou. nf, 33 H, 8. C 37.

auabaptlftsv See Nonconformists.

Ancijoljles*

1. To what Duties liable, 4 IV if? M. C 5. § 2.

2. Their Importation provided for, 10 iff 11 IV 3. C 24. § 14.

Ancient idemcfnc.

1. Lords not to lose Conufance by being named Diffeifors, 9 H.

4. C 3.

2. Or through defendant's Default by Collusion, 8 H. c.26.

Aitfflefca*

1. Inhabitants of Anglefea where excepted, with regard to Duties of Customs, 1 El. C II § 12.

2. Power given to adjourn the Quarter sessions for administering the Oaths, 1 Geo. 1. C zb. § 8.

3. Excise Offices, where to be kept in Anglefea, 1 W. iff M. ft. 1. C 24. § 14.

Annates See Firstfruits. Annuities

1. Those chargeable for the Maintenance of Grammar Schools, iffe. to be paid as usual, 22 Car. 2. C 6. § 14.

2. Annuities with Survivorlhip charged on the Excise, 4 TV. if? M. e. 3.

3. Annuities for Lives charged, 5 TV, if? M. C 5-

4. For one, two or three Lives, 5 W. if? M. C 20. § 34.

3. Changed into certain Interests, 6 iff 7 TV. 3. C 5. 7^8

W. 3. C 2. 9 TV. 3. C 3 if? 24. I I S 12 TV. 3. C 3. § 7.

6. Annuities of 3 percent, granted on the Bankers Debt, redeemable

on Payment of a Moiety of the Principal, 12 iff 13 TV. 3. C 12. § 15. 2 if? 3 Ann. C 13.

7. Annuities for 89 Years upon the Excise, iffe. 1 Ann. ft. 2.

C 5. -- For 99 Years, 2(^3 Ann. C 3. 3 if? 4 Ann. C 2.

4 Ann. t. 6. 3 Ann. C 19. 6 Ann. cist 11.

8. Annuities granted to the Bank in lieu of Exchequer Bills, 7 Ann. C 7.

9. Lottery Annuities for 23 Years, 8 Ann. C 4. § 13, 14.

10. Annuities for 32 Years granted on the Coal Duty, if?c. % Ann. C 7. § 28.

11. Annuities granted payable at the Bank, 1 Geo. 1. C 12, 19,

21. §11. 2 Geo. 2. C 3. 16 Geo. 2. e. 13.

12. Time limited for Annuitants for Life, claiming their Annuities, 1 Geo. 1. C 36. § 16.

13. Annuities granted in lieu of Lottery Orders, 3 Geo. L C 7.

14. Certain Annuities paid at the Bank, 3 Geo. 1. C 8. § 30.

13. Lottery

Slmuiftfeg.

appeals

8pot5ecttt(e&

15. Lottery Annuities made payable at the Bank, 4 Geo. 1. C 10.

4 Geo. 2. C 3. § 12.

16. Endorsed Affignmentof Orders for Annuities, how made good,

5 Geo. 1. C § 8. — Annuities of 3 fer cent, granted to the Inhabitants of St. Nevis and Cbriftofber s, 8 Geo. I. C 20. §43.

(7. Who shall be deemed the Proprietors of certain Annuities,

6 Geo. 1, C 4.

18. Annuities granted on the Duty upon Plate, 6 Geo. j. C it.

§ 28. -- -- -- To cease on Notice in Gazette and Payment of Principal,

ibid. § 38.

19. Annuities charged on the Civil List Revenues, 7 Geo. 1. C 27.

8 Geo. 1. C 20. § 32.

20. Annuities redeemed, 9 Geo. 1'. C 5. 10 Geo. 1. 5. 13 Geo.

r. C 3. 2 Geo. 2. C 3. § 15.

21. Provisions for the more easy aligning redeemable Annuities,

9 Geo. 1. C 12.1 counterfeiting Orders, Death, ibid. § 4.

22. Annuities granted to the Bank reduced, 11 Geo. t. C 9.

23. Civil List Annuities redeemed, 11 Geo. 1, C 17.

24. Sixpence in the Pound to be dedufled from all Annuities, Pensions, GY. 12 Geo. 1. C 2.

23. Lottery Tickets remaining in the Exchequer 1726, how applied, 1 3 Geo. 1. C 3.

26. Annuities at 3 fer Cent, on a Lottery, 12 Geo. 1. C

27. Annuities on the Coal Duties, 1 Geo. 2. ft. 2. C 8.

28. Annuities perpetual payable at the Exchequer, 4 Geo. 2. C 5.

29. Annuities on the Stamp duties, 4 Geo. 2. C 9.

30. Annuities on the Sinking Fund, 9 Geo. 2. C 34. 11 Geo. 2.

C 27. 12 Geo. 2. c'. 19. 15 Geo. 2. C 19. 22 Geo. 2. C 23.

23 Geo. 2. C 16. zif.geo. z. C 2. 28 Geo. 2. C 15. 29 Geo.

2. C 7. z ga. 3. r. 9 G 10. $geo. 3. C 9.

31. Annuities to be enjoyed tax free, 4 W. G M. C 3. § 26.

5 WM. C 5. § 3. 6 G 7 W. 3. C 5. § 8. 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 5.

§. 2. 2 C 3. .§17. 3 Aj. r. 2. § 7. 4 r. 6. § 25.

5 Ann. C 19 § 19. 6 Geo. 1. C 11. § 28. 1 2 Grr, 1. C 2. § 21.

32. Annuities on the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, 16 Geo. 2.

C 13. 17 Geo. 2. C 18.

33. Where an Annuitant for Life does not claim for two Years, the Reversioner may receive the Annuity, 17 Geo. 2. C 33. $27.

34. Bank Annuities on the additional Duty on Wine, 18 Geo. 2. C 9. § 5. _

35. Annuities for Lives granted to the Contributors to a Lottery,

is Geo. 2. C 9. § 38. 19 Geo. 2. C 12. § 64.

36. Annuities on the Duties on Glass and distilled Spirituous Liquors, 19 Geo. 2. C 12. §32.

37. Annuities on the Duty upon Houses, 20 Geo. 2, C 3. § 46.

38. On the Duty upon Coaches, 20 Geo. 1. C 10. § 19.

39. On the last Subsidy, 21 Geo. 2. C 2. § 11. -

40. Annuities on the Public Debts reduced, 23 Geo. 2. C 22.

24 Geo. 2. C 4. § 17.

41. Payment of Annuities, Go. not accelerated by Alteration of Style, 24 Geo. 2. C 23. § 6.

42. Annuities payable at the Bank and south-sea House, confoli

dsted, 25 Geo. 2. C 27. 26 Geo. 2. C 1. § 66. 26 Geo. 2.

C 23. § 12.

43. Annuities granted on the Stamp duties, and Licences for Spirituous Liquors, 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 31.

44. Annuities charged on the Duties on Offices and Pensions, and upon Windows, 31 Geo. 2. C 22. § 33.

4;. Annuities charged on additional Subsidy, and on additional Duties on Coffee and Chocolate, 32 Geo. 2. C 10. § 19.

46. Annuities 1757, added to 3 fer Cents, consolidated, fyzgeo.z.

C 22.

47. Annuities charged on the perpetual Duties on Malt, 33 Geo.

2. C 7.

48. Annuities 1739, consolidated, 33 Geo. 2. C 12.

49. ' Annuities to the Royal Family exempted from Taxes, I Geo.

3. r. 19.

for other Matters, see hi5au& 18, 21, 23, 28, GY. ‘sjcutlj

ca Compant* 14, 13, 22, 27, iftftquent. <£att 3!ubia Company zc. 27, 28, C €jeecuto?s 14.; ffutidss, felonies toit&out Clergy Title jfojgetf.

Slnffnitljec Cnffec.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 22 Geo. 2. C 10: n

$nftoet: g in Cljancerjn See Chancery. Spotljecnries).

1. Recusant convict not to exercise the Trade of an Apothecary, ijac. 1. r. 5. §8.

2. Where exempt from Offices, 6 G 7 W. 3. C 4. -- -- Made perpetual

by g Geo. 1. C 8.

3. Excepted in the als laying Duties on spirituous Liquors, 9

Geo. 2. C 23. § 1 2. 1*6 Geo. 2. C 8. § 12.

For other Matters, see fmlpgciatts,

.. apparel

1. Persons of Low Degree prohibited to wear Fur, 11 Ed. 3. C 4.

2. Apparel of Servants, 37 Ed. 3. C 8.

3. Of Artificers and Yeomen, 37 Ed. 3. C 9.

4. Of Esquires and Gentlemen, 37 Ed. 3 C 10.

5. Of Merchants, Citizens, Gr. 37 Ed. 3. C 11.

6. Of Knights, Gr. 37 Ed. 3. C 12.

7. Of Clerks, 37 Ed. 3. C 13.

8. Of Ploughmen and others of mean Estate, 37 Ed. 3. C 14.

9. Limitations of Apparel, 3 Ed. 4. C 3. z2 Ed. 4. C 1. 1 H.

V 14. 6 H. 8. C 1, 7 H. 8. C 6. 24 H. 8. C 13. 1 G 2,

P. G M. C 2. -- -- -- -- -- Who may wear the king's Livery, and to

what Persons it may be given, 1 11. 4. C 7.

to. Debts comrafled for foreign made Apparel discharged, 5 Ef. C 6.

11. None under the Degree of a Knight to wear a Velvet Cap, 8 El. C 11.

12, Acts restraining Excess in Apparel repealed, 1 fa. 1. C 25.

§ 45-

Appeals

1. A Woman to have no Appeal, but for the Death of her husband, M. C 9 E .3. C 34.

2. Shall not be abated where there is sufficient Certainty, and may be sued within the Year and Day, St. Glouc. 6 Ed. 1. <■9.

3. Malicious Appellors and their Abettors shall restore Damages and be imprisoned, .Sr. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 12.

4. Appellees shall be brought to the Prisons where the Provers are, St. fro Apfellat. 28 Ed. i.ft.z.

3. Appeals of Fafits done within the Realm shall be tried at the common-law, and of fasls without the Realm before the Constable and Marshal, and no Appeals shall be pursued in Parliament, 1 H. '4. C 14.

6. Where Appeals are void, 7 H. 5.

7. What Process is awardable on Appeals of Persons in foreign Counties, 8 H. 6. C 10. to H. 6. C 6.

8. Where Appellees may have Writs of Conspiracy against their Jndiftors, 18/l6. C 12.

9. A Person acquitted of Murder, Gr. shall be detained or bailed till the Year and Day be passed, 3 II 7. C 1.

10. Acquittal or Attainder at the king's Suit, no Bar; unless Clergy be had, 3 H. 7. C 1.

11. ' Appellants may commence their Appeal before the Sheriff and Coroners, or at the king's Bench, or Gaol Delivery, 3 II 7. C I.

12. Where Battle lieth not, the Appellant may pursue the Appeal by Attorney, 3 H. 7. C J.

13. In what County to be sued, where the Stroke is in one, and the Death in another, 2 G 3 Ed. 6. C 24. § 3,

14. Appeals

tfppcatance*

apprentices

14. Appeals excepted in Amendments of Error, 5 Geo. i. C 13.

§ 2.

For other Matters, see 2&cceffarp r. 3hucttl)mcut 7, -8. *tc* cufations 4. IS ape 4. 3ppp$odev.

appeals front Spiritual Courts.

See Bishops, Court of Delegates, Ecciefiaftical Courts and Rome.

appeals to Scfliontf* See Poor, appearance

•1. Penalty of entering plaintiff's Appearance falsely, 10 H. 6. C 4.

2 Bonds for Appearance where discharged, 13 Car. z.jl. 3. e. 2. $3

3. Where to be entered by the Plaintiff for the Defendant, 1 2 Geo. 1. C 29. § 1.

4. Defendant in Equity not appearing, but absconding, plaintiff's Bill to be taken pro confejfo, 5 Geo. 2. C 25. § t. — Defendant brought into Court, and refilling to appear. Court may enter Appearance, § 2.

5. Defendant served with Copy of Process to appear within eight Days after Return,; Geo. 2. C 27.

For other Matters, see Attaint 16. dfljcflxi, tdutintojp

20. tamps, gstales, cjlarrants of Ulttojrtcp 4.

Apples

.8. Cloth Maker, fife, having three Apprentices shall keep one Journeyman, 5 El. C 4. § 33.

g. Persons refusing to be Apprentices how punished, 5 El. C 4.

§ 35.

, 10. Judices of Peace may redress Complaints between Mailers and Apprentices, 5 El. C 4. § 35. 2 Is Ann. C § 12.

20 Geo. 2. C 19. § 3,

11. None bound to enter into Apprenticeships, but such as ate under twenty-one Years of Age, 5 El. C 4. § 36.

12. Apprentices may be taken by Owners of Ships, and Traders,

■ ' in Fishing, 5 EL C 5. § 12.

13. How many by hat makers, ts?c. 8 El. C 11. § 8, 9.

14. Poor Children to be bound Apprentices, 43 El. C 2. § 5. 7 fa, 1, C 3. 21 Ja. C 28.

15. Penalty on Apprentices hunting, C 4 £3" 5 W. is? M. C 23. § 10.

16. Tax on Apprentices fo{ the Use of Orphans, 5 W. if M. C 10. § 6.

17. Apprenticesdifeovering Clippers and Coiners made free, 6 (A 7 W. 3. e. 17. §tz.

18. In what Cases poor Boys shall be put out Apprentices to the sea service, and at what Age, 2 if 3 Ann. C 6. § 1, 6. Anne. 19. § 16.

19. The Age to be inserted in the Indentures, 2 & 3 Ann. C § r.

20. Indenture to be sent to the Collector of the Port to which the Mailer belongs, 2 di? 3 Ann. C § 5.

21. And entered and endorsed, z & 3 Ann. C 6. § 3.

22. Certificates of the Names and Ages of such Apprentices, to be transmitted to the Lord High Admiral, 2 (S Ann, C 6.

1. Apples imported, to what Duties liable, 8 Geo. 1. C 20. § 46. 11 Geo. 1. C 7. § 11. iog». 2. C 27.

2. By what Measure Apples to be sold, 1 ann.j}. 1. C 15.

For other Matters, see ^ftutt.

apportionment See Tenure.

appraifa 0 mm appraisement

Appralfers in what Cases to take the Goods appraised, 11 Ed. 1. Statute of Adlon Burnel.

apprentices! of if cions!.

L Apprehenders of Highwaymen, 4 13 5 W. (S? M. C 8,

2. Or of Burglars, 10 (j1 n W. 3. C 23. § 2. 5 Ann. C 31.

§ i.

3- Or of Counterfeiters or Clippers of Coin, 6 is? 7 W. 3. C 17.

4. Or of Persons taking Money to help others to stolen Goods, 6 Ge. i. C 23. § 9.

5. And Discoverers of Runners of Foreign Goods, how rewarded, 8 Geo. 1, C 18. § 7, 8, 9.

For other Flatters, see jihlefcotls and ©ijetlffs.

apprentices

1. None to put their Children Apprentices to Trades, unlefsthey have 20/. a Year in Land, 7h.4. r. 17.

2. Citizens of London to take Apprentices according to the cu llom, 8 LI 6. C 11.

3. Aliens where disabled to take Apprentices, 1 R, 3. C 9. § 11. 14 is? 13 H. 8. C 2.

4. The Fees of admitting Apprentices limited, 22 H. g. C 4. 28 H. 8. C 5.

5. Not to be restrained by Oath or Bond from setting up their Trade, 2% II 8. r. 5.

6. Who may be Apprentices, and to what Trades, 3 EL C 4.

7. None to exetcife a Trade but such as have served seven Years Apprcnticefhip, 5 El. C 4. § 31.

$ 3. -

23. Fifty Shillings to be paid to the Mafler at Binding, 2 i3 3 anne. 6. § 2.

24. Such Apprentices not to be impressed till they attain their Age of eighteen Years, 2 & 3' Ann. C 6. § 4.

25. Protections to be given them till such Age, zts?3 Ann. C 6.

§5,

26. Persons voluntarily binding themselves to the Sea service, exempt from being impressed for 3 Years, 2 & 3 Ann. C '§ >5

27. Matters entitled to the Wages, when their Apprentices are impressed, or voluntarily enter into the Service, 2^3 Ann. C 6. § 17.

28. What Matters of Ships obliged to take such Apprentices, and

how many, 2 3 Ann. C 6. § 8.

29. And to give an Account to the Colledtor of the Port to which they belong of their Names and Number, ' 2 is? 3 Amt. C 6. § 9-

30. Their Number, Names, Ages, and'dates of Indentures to be inserted by the cullom house Officers in the Cocquets, 011 the ship's going out, 2^3 Ann. C 6. § 14.

31. Apprentices how to be conveyed to their Matters Ports, 2 Is' 3 Ann. C 6. § 10.

32. Counterparts of their Indentures to be transmitted to the churchwardens of the Parishes from whence they are bound, 2^3 Ann. C 6. § 11.

33. A Regiller of the Matters, and the Number and Burden of their Ships, with the Owners and Apprentices Names, and from what Places sent, to be kept, and Copies thereof transmitted to the Quarter sessions, 2 £5? 3 Ann. C § 13.

34. What to be paid to the Crown out of Money given with an

Apprentice, 8 Ann. C 9. § 32. 9 Ann. C 21. § 7.

35. Or for anything given not being Money, 8 Ann. C 9. § 43.

36. The Sum given with an Apprentice, to be inserted in the indenture, 8 Ann. C 9. § 35.

37. Indenture to be llamped, 8 Ann. C 9. § 36, 37, 38, 39.

38. And where to be admitted as Evidence, 8 Ann. C 9. § 43.

39. Penalty on Mailers not paying Duty, 9 Ann. C 21. §60.

40. Apprentices under Fifteen excepted out of the Act, which

takes

1

9pp?oim'atfon.' 9ttn&

takes Clergy from those who (leal in a House to the Value of 40s. \zann.ft. I. c• 7- § 2.

4t. Persons above fifteen Years old may bind themselves Apprentices to go to America, 4geo. 1. C 11. § 5.

42. Time given for Payment of Apprenticeihip Duties, 10 Geo. z.

C 27. § 6. 12 Geo. 2. C 19. % 18. 13 Geo. 2. C 28. § 6.

27 Geo. 2. C 16. § 5. zs Geo. 2. C 19. § 4. 30 Geo. 2. C 19.

§ 77-

43. Further Penalty on not paying Apprentices Duty, 18 Geo. 2. e. 22. § 24.

44. Encouragement to Apprentices paying the Duty in the mailer's Default, 18 Geo. 2. C 22. § 25. 20 Geo. 2. C 45. § 5.

4;. Where Justices may discharge Apprentices, zo Geo. z. C 19,

§ 3- ...

46. Penalties on nonpayment of Apprenticeihip Duties to be discharged on Payment of double Duties, zo Geo. z. C 43. § 5.

47. Exercising Trades not having served Apprenticeihip, excepted out of Pardon, zo Geo. 2. C 52. § 26, 27.

48. Apprentices not removable on Account of Contracts not being indented, 31 Geo. 2. C t u

49. Time allowed for Payment of Duties on Indentures, 32 Geo.

2. f. 23. § 7.

For other Matiea, see 3mtc«e 8. Canterbury, Cutlers 2. Charitable 31lfcs 8. idjapcrp 57, fav. felony toitln'u Clergy, Title ^erbauts. (pjctnlanb 9. lats 10, 14. leather 27. plantations 26. % >ooj to, 12, 23, ji, 38. ibeamcn 3, 21, C Stamps, Title Apprentices, cmatemen 5, jo, 13. sllofotbs 3. <ll?jeenioicl) i|of pitai.

spp?op?iatfon anti 3!mp?ap2i'atioit.

j. On the Appropriation of Churches the Poor and Vicar are to be provided for, 15 R. 2. C 6. 4 II 4. C 12.

1. And a secular Person 01 dained Vicar perpetual, 4 H. 4. C t2.

3. Appropriations, l3c. renounced by the Queen, zift 3 P. U M. C 4. Resumed by the Crown, 1 El. C 4. § 23.

4. Grants of Impropriations made by pretended Delinquents ■ during the late Usurpation how avoided, 13 & 14 Car. 2.

r. 25.

5. Owners of Impropriations may unite the same to the Parsonage and Vicarage of the Parish Church where the same do lie, 17 Car. 2. C 3. § 7.

For other Matters, see ffllicats.

appropriation of Supplier

4^5 Ann. C 12. 5 Ann. C 19, 27. 6 Ann. C 3, 11. 6 Ann.

C 8. § Ann. C 13. gann.c.6, 23. 10 ic. 26. \zann.

ft. t.c. 11. t Gee. 1. C 21. 3 geo.i. C 7. 4 Geo. 1. r. 3.

3 Geo. t._c. 19. 6 Geo. 1. C 11. 7 Geo. 1. C 20. 8 Geo. 1.

C 20. 9 Geo. i. C 19. i Geo. 1. C 2. 11 Geo. 1. C 8. t2

Geo. t.c. 12. 13 Geo. 1. C 7. I Geo. 2. C 9. zgeo. 2. C 18.

3 Geo. 2. C 16. 4 Geo. 2.0.9. 5 Geo. V 17. 6 Geo. 2.

C 25. 7 Geo. 2. r. 12. 8 Geo. 2. r. 23. 9 Geo. 2. 0. 34.

10600.2.0. 17. 11 geo.j., C 27. 12 Geo. 2. o. 19. 13

Geo. 2. C 23. 14 Geo. 2. e. 41. 15 Gee. 2. e. 19. 16 Geo. 2.

r. 23. 17 Geo. 2. e. 33. 18 Geo. 2. r. z2. 19 Geo. 2. 0. 3 1.

20 Geo. 2. e, 36. 21600.2.0.23. 22 Goo, 2. 0. 42. 23 Geo.

2.0. 21. 24 Geo. 2. o. 47. 25 Geo. 2. e. 25. 26 Geo. 2. 0.

23. 27 Geo. 2. 0. 10. 28 Geo, 2. C 22. 29 Geo. z. 0. 24,

29. 30 Geo. 2. 0. z6. 3 I Geo. 2. 0. 33. 32 Geo. 2. 0. 36.

33 Geo. z. 0. 18. 1 Geo. 3. C 19. 2 Geo. 3. 0.34. 3 Geo. 3.

0. 17. 4 Geo. 3. e. 23.

approvement.

1. Lords may approve their Wastes, leaving sufficient Common for their Tenants, 20 H. 3. C 4.

vol.ix. Tab,

2. Lords may approve against their Neighbours, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Edt. e. 46.

3. T riple Damages given upon these Statutes, 3 if 4 Ed. 6.

3-

4. With the Content of Lords and Tenants, Commons may be inelofed for planting Timber, 29 Geo. 2. C 36.

5. Recompense for Common to be paid to Persons intereiled, 31 Geo. 2. C 41.

Breakers of incufuret Toovj funijhed, see cfltltluolt, jfido

fwrce, 3?ojb»

spprovetjs.

It shall be Felony to compel a Prisoner to be Approver, 14 Ed. 3. Jl. 1. e. 10.

For other Matter, see espjjcal, ^felotty.

Squa Sil'tae. See Brandy. Sl'bl'tmnenf. See Award.

See Bishops.'

1. To be used by all Men under the Age of forty Years, 3 II 8.

C 3. 6 H. 8. C 2. 33 H. 8. cg.

2. Aliens not to export Bows, nor iiioot in long Bows, 33 H. 8, C 9. § 9, 10.

For other Matters, see nswa&i tsclljs, iftc. 3.

arc65cacort0»

How to compound for their Firstfruits, 6 Ann. C 27, § 6.

Stcpcncontp Of slfc&utonto* See Richmond.

3tms.

1. To all Parliaments, C Men shall come peaceably without

Force and Arms, St. de Defenf. fort. arm. 7 Ed. 1.

2. All Men shall have Arms according to their Ability, and View of Arms shall be made twice in the Year, St. Wint. 13 Ed. 1 .ft. 2. C 6.

3. What Arms shall be worn at Tourneys, St, Arntcr hcert.temp. Vo!. 1. zoo.

4. None to walk armed after Curfew, except, C 13 Ed. \. ft. 5.

5. Men shall not come armed before the Jullices, z Ed. 3. C 3.

6. Going and riding armed an Offence, 23 Edict. y. C z.

Launcegays prohibited, and riding armed, 7 R. 2. C 13. 20

R. 2. C 1.

7. Servants and Labourers shall use Bows and Arrows on Sundays, Iftc. and not bear other Arms, 12 R. 2. C 6.

8. Conufance of Matters touching Seats of Arms appertaineth to the Constable, 13 R. 2. C 2.

9. Bearing Arms at Assemblies in Wales prohibited, 26 II 8. C 6. § 4.

10. Cross Bows and Hand Guns, tftc. prohibited, ' 33 H. 8. C 6.

11. All old Statutes concerning finding Armour repealed, 5

P. & M. C 2. 1 Ja, 1. C 25. §47.

12. Imbeziling the king's Armour Felony, 3 i El. C 4.

13. Armour may be exported, 12 Car. 2. C 4. §10. Unless prohibited by Proclamation, 12 Car, 2. C 4, § 12.

14. Deputy Lieutenants may feareh for Arms, 13 (ft 14 Car. 2. 3- § M

1 y. Importing Arms or Ammunition prohibited, 1 Ja. 2. C 8c

16. Pioiefiant Subjects may have Arms for their Defence, 1 If'. Ift m.jl. 2. C 2.

17, Arms, fdc. lhipped after Prohibition, forfeited, 29 Geo. 2, C 16. ^ 2.

For

B

Srrcff..

acti'fi'cecg.

Sir other Flutters, see jdcet, be. 7, be. cofultc 12, (Jr,

^pilirfa, Rapids 5, bv. irecufants 34, bv sjlalcs. See Soldiers.

sttqcfu See Brandy.

$lrcelf*

r, Bailiffs not to attach Persons out of their Jurisdiction, 3 Eel. t. f. 35-

2. None arrested for Trespass to be difehatged without Award,

13 Ed. r. ft. 5.

3. Priests attending Divine Service not to be arrested, 50 Ed. 3. C 3. i R. 2. C 13.

4. Persons having unlawful Arms may be arrested, 33 H. 8. C 6,

§ r 6.

5. Arrests at the Suits of Persons knowing nothing thereof, how punished, 8 El. C 2. § 4.

6. No Sheriff shall grant a Warrant before he receives the Writ,

43 El. C 6. 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 53.

7. Service of Process on the Sunday shall be void, except in case of Treason, Felony or Breach of the Peace, 29 Car. 2. C 7.

§6.

8. The Day and Year how to be set down on the Process, br.

5 b 6 IV b M. C 21. §4. 9 b 10 tv. 3. C 25. § 42. 6

Geo. 1. C 21. § 54.

9. Arrests not to be upon any Process, unless Oath be made of

the Debt, 12 Geo. 1. C 29. 3 Geo, 2. C 27. 21 Geo. 2. C 3.

Extended to Wales, br. 6 Geo. 2. r. 14.

to. Where Persons are not to be arrelled, but served with a Copy of Process, 12 Geo. t. C 29.

11. Prisoners not be carried to Gaol, brin less than 24 Hours,

2 Geo, 2. C 22. unless they refuse to name a proper House,

3 Geo, 2. C 27. § 6.

12. Sheriffs shall grant Special Warrants at the Request of the Solicitors of the Customs or Excise, and be indemnified, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § 32, 33.

13. Seamen in the king's Service privileged from Arrests for

Debts under 20/. 1 Geo. 2. C 14, § 15. 14 Geo, 2. C 38.

14. Soldiers or Marines not liable to Arrests for a Debt of less

than 10/. 30 Geo. 2. C 6. § 64. 30 Geo. 0, e. 1 t. § 37.

15. Men impressed according to the Direflions of the Aft not to be taken out of the Service but for a criminal Matter, 30 Gio, 2. C 8. § 20,

if. Seamen privileged from Arrests, except for Crimes and Debts of 20/. 31 Geo. 2, C to, §28. and other subsequent Acts.

17. Soldiers where privileged from Arrests, 33 Geo. 2. C 6.

§ 6.7. 33 Geo. 2. C 8, § 38. and other subsequent Acts.

For other Matters, see %iccoutlt I, 2, 3. 2jlllba(tat)0tj3 2. 3!ttojui'c0 to, 3;, bi. ail 8, q, 10. ©anferupt 26, *

28, br. ©?autip 58, br. Cods, i!?uc anu Crp 4. mpurnr Inal bets, parliament 28. pi '

son, be. pjocefc, Sheriffs, Stannaries 2. Suits 4.

g Felons, how rewarded. See appre lenders of Felons.

Of augment See Judgments.

atrofo&

3, Arrow Heads shall be well tempered and pointed with Steel,

7 H. 4. r. 7.

2. patten makers shall not use Afp, that Arrows may be cheap,

4 H. 5. C 3.

£t?f(llk See Burning.

articles of jreli'fffom

1. By whom nd how to be subscribed, 13 El. e. 12. § 1, '13 b 14 Car. 2. C 4.

2. The Penalty for maintaining Doctrine against the Articles, 13 El. C 12. § 2.

sttfcuu fupet* Cljartag, 28 Edt. Jl. 3: Sltticutf decs, 9 Ed. Jl. 1.

1. Artificers restrained in their Prices and Wages, 25 Ed. 3. Jl. 1.

C 4. 2 H. 6. C 13.

2. Limited to one Employment, 37 ffi. 3. C 6.

3. Reilraints on foreign Artificers, 14 b 15 I 8. r. 2. 21 H. 8.

r. 16.

4. Bakers, Brewers, Surgeons and Scriveners, not to be accounted Handicraftsmen, 22 H. 8. e. 13.

5. Aliens made Denizens bound by these Statutes, 32 H. 8. C 16.

6. Conspiracies of Handicraftsmen and Vidluallcrs to raise their Prices prohibited, 2 b 3 Ed. 6. C 13.

7. Handicraftsmen may work in Towns where they are not free, 2 b 3 Ed. 6. C 15. § 4, Repealed 3^4 Ed. 6. C 20.

8. What Persons may be taken Apprentices by the several Kinds of Artificers, 5 El. C 4. § 2.

9. The Sellers of Welch Cottons shall pay their Sheermen and'

Cottoners ready Money, 8 El. C 7..§6. 14ELc. 12. § 4.

10. Persons enticing Artificers into foreign Countries, 5 Geo. 1. r. 27. § 1.

11. And such Artificers not returning within six Months after Warning, 3 Geo, 1. C 27, § 3..

12. And Artificers under Contrails to go beyond Sea, refusing to give such Security as the Statute requires, how punished, 5 Geo.

1. r. 27. §4.

13. Offences committed against 5 Geo. I, in Scotland, where to be prosecuted, 3 Geo. 1. C 27. §5.

14. Penalty of seducing Artificers abroad, 23 Geo. 2. C 13. § 1.

For other Matters, see miens 6, 8. jlaboums, 12, be.

guatljer n, 13, 21, 45, be. Crates,.

Slfijeju*

1. pot ales. 2 W. b m.feff. 2. C 4. § 39.

2. Wood or Soap Allies, 4 IV b M. C 5. § 2.

3. And German Pearl Allies, to what Duties liable, 10 b 13-

W, 3. C 21. § JO.

Far other Matters, see plantations and pt 31fe)cs.

gffattlt*

Assaulting a Privy Councillor in Execution of his Office, Felony without Clergy, 9 Ann. C 16.

Assaulting with Intent to rob, punished with Transportation, 7 Geo, 2. C 21.

See <ffl)titxl) 8. rffelcmt? Initljin clcrgf, Title Slffault. palaces 7. parliament n, be.

^item&ip* See r»of.

suteffmcnts. See Bridges, Highways, land-tax, Paving, C and Poor.

surety

1. Trulls in Fee to be deemed Assets by Descent, br. 29 Car, 2, C 3. § 10, 11.

2, Estates pour auter Vie, where chargeable as Assets by Descent, 29 Car. 2. f. 3, § I 2.

For other Matters, see cjxctttoj, ijctr, plantations.

5f (ligament,

affiffitmeitt*

scttata&ec.

CL (life

affi'gmttent*

t. Where Assignee shall have the Benefit of a Lessee, 32 H. 8. C 34*

2. Estates of Freehold or for Years not assignable but by Deed, 29 Car, 2. C 3.

For other Matters, see 115(116 Of cejccbaitge and ^jollriftojp j^otesj Upm'l 16. 1i5antv 2. 1l5anferupt6 8. isepietoin

afiife*

1. Assises shall be taken in the Counties once a Year, M. C 9 ft 3. r. 12.

2. Shall be adjourned to the Bench propter diffcuitatem, M. C 9 H. 3. C 12.

3. Of Darrein prejentmsnt shall be taken before the Jullices of the Bench, M. C 9 H, 3. C 13.

4. Assizes may be taken in Advent and Lent, St. Wejlm. 3 Ed. 1.

r. 3.

5. In Assise of Novel Diffejitt, Alienee of Diffeifor to pay Damages, 6 Ed. 1, C t.

6. Proceedings in Assise, St. Wall. 12 Ed, 1. fol'. 80, 81.

7. Assises shall lie of Eftovers of Wood, He. St. Wejlm. 2. 13

Ed. 1, C 23*

8. Shall lie againtl a Tenant for Years and his Feoffee, St. Wejlm. 2. 13 Edi. C 25.

9. A Defendant pleading a false Plea shall be adjudged a Diffeifor, St, Wejlm. z. 13 Ed. 1. C 25. and shall pay double Damages, He. ibid.

10. Remedy by Certificate of Assise where the Defendant has a, Release, f€c. St. Wejlm. 2. 13 Ed. 1, e. 33.

11. Jullices of Assise shall be assigned who shall associate Knights, He. St, Wejlm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 30.

12. Assises .of Mprtdancejler may be adjourned into the Bench, St. Wejlm, 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 30.

j3. Of Darrein Preferment, He. may be taken before the justice and one Knight in their proper Counties, 13 Ed. 1. C 30,

$ 2-

14. The Creditor after Execution on a Statute Merchant may maintain'an Assise, He. Stat. de mercator. 13 Ed. ft. 3.

15. The Proceedings when Jointenancy is pleaded in Abatement, St. de conjunrim fcoffatis, 3 4 Ed. 1. ft, t.

16. Tenants in Affiie of Novel Diffeifin may plead by Attorney or Bailiff, st.ebor. tz Ed, 2, ft. 1. C 1.

17. Writs of Nulance may be in Nature of Affile, 6 R. 2. C 3.

18. ‘ Justices of Assise shall hold their Sessions in principal Towns, 6 R. 2. e. 5. The Chancellor and Jpllices shall appoint where, 11 J?. 2. c.'ll.

19. An Assise in conftnio comitat, of a Rent out of Lands in two Counties, 7 R. 2. C 10.

20. Writs of Assise in a Franchise where abateable, gfi. 4. C 5.

8 H. 6. e. 26,

21. A Copy of the Panel shall be delivered to the Defendant Ex Days before the Session of the Jullices, that he may inform the Affifers of his Title, 6 H. 6. C 2,

22. The Sheriff shall not be named Diffeifor or Tenant where he is not so, 11 H. e. 2.

23. Plaintiffs may abridge their Plaints, 21 H. 8. C t.

For other Matters, see Abatement 11. cojttbo.au 2. 3dtfe continuance of ?&?occfs, ©iffeiffn 3, 6, 7. Cflbtit 8. imitation, irecctbe 4.

Stfiife Of 'Bieatu See Bread.

Sftife Of See Fuel.

flfilfe of tljc jrc?ctf* See Forest. sltoctates?* See Justices of Assise.

sltbciatfoin

1, Association for the Security of King william's Person ella blilhed, and required of all Persons in Office, 7 (ft 8 W. 3, C 27.

2. Made void, 1 ann.ft.i.c. 22. § 3.

Sffucance* See Insurance. sktumpfit* Gee Frauds.

attachment

1, Person9 taken upon an Attachment for a Contempt, He. not to be discharged without a lawful Superfedeas, 13 Car, 2.ji. 2. C 2. § 4.

z. Attachment for Contempt in not paying Colls on Certiorari, 5 Geo, 2. r. 19. § 3.

For other Matters, see confpttatojs 3. 3llbcrtic6, pyo = ccf5 I, 3.

(fojefffn attachment

1. Members of the Bank, their Stock not subject to foreign Attachment, 8 H 9 W. 3. C zo. § 47.

2. Stock of east-india Company exempted in like Manner, 8 H 9 W. 3. C 20. § 74.

3. Stock of Sooth Sea Company also exempted, 9 Ann. C 21.

§ 42. 8 Geo, i. C 21. § iz.

attainder.

1. Of the Archbishop of York, and others, it R. 1. C 1. Confirmed, 20 R. 2. C 6.

2. Reversal of Attainders. 1 H. 4. C 3.

3. The Attainder of Owen Glandourdy confirmed, 9 H. 6. C 3.

4. Of John Cade, zgh.6, et. 31 H, 6. e. 2.

3. Of Elizabeth Barton, and others, 25 H. 8. e. 12.

6. Attainder of Treason by common-law shall be of as much Force as by Parliament, 33 H. 8. e. 20,

7. Queen Katherine Howard, He. attainted, 33 H. 8. C 21.

8. Debts accruing by Attainder to be declared for generally, 33

H. '8. e. 39. § 23.

9. Attainder of Sir William Sherrington, a great Coiner, 2 If 3 Ed. 6. e. 17. His Rellitution, 3 If 4 Ed. 6. C 13.

to. Of Thomas Lord Seymour, 2 & $ Ed. 6. e. 18.

11. Of the Duke of Northumberland, and others, 1 Mar, ft. 2, e. 16.

12. Of the' Earl of Westmoreland, and others confirmed, 13 EL

e. 16. 18 El. C 4.

13. Of Lord Paget, and others confirmed, 29 El. C i„

14. No pad Attainder of Treason shall be reverfod after the Execution of the Party, 29 EL C 2.

13. Confirmation of the Attainder of Sir Francis Englefeld, 35 El. C 5.

16. Attainder of the Traitors in the Gunpowder Treason, 3 Ja,

I. e. 2.

17. Of Oliver Cromwell, and others, .1.2 Car. 2. C 30.

18. Pains and Penalties of certain Regicides, He. 13 Car. 2. Jl. I. r. 15.

19. Reversal of the Earl of Strafford's Attainder, 13 s 14 Car„ z0 e. 29.

20. Attainder of Thomas Doleman, and others, 17 Car. 2. C 5.

Si. For baniffiing the Earl of Clarendon, 19 Car. 2. C 10.

22. Attainder of the Duke of Monmouth, 1 Ja. 2. e. 2.

23. Of Sir John Fenwick, 8 W. 3. e. 4.

24. Of the Traitors in the Affiilii nation Plot, 8 W. 3. C 3. 9

W. 3. C 4, 10 & 11 W, 3. e. 13. 1 Ann. Ji. 1. C 29.

25. Of the pretended Prince of Wales, 13 W. 3. e. 3.

26. Of Lord Bolinlrokc, I Geo. L ft, 2. e. 16. Enabled to take certain Manors, He. according to a Settlement by a Private Act, 11 Geo. 1.

B 2

27. Of

attaint

27. Of the Duke of Ormonde, I G, o. \. ft. 2. C 17. z8. Of the Earl of Mar, and others, 1 Geo. ft. 2. C 32.

29. Of the Earls of Marifoh all, Seaforth, and others, 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 42. Disability of the Earl of Seaforth removed, 8 Geo.

2. C 22.

30. Of Thi. Forster, junior, and will. Mackintrjh, Esquires, 1 Geo.

1 .ft. 2, e. 53.

31. Of Plunket, fsc, q Geo. T. C 15,

32. Of the Earl of Kelhe, and others for Rebellion, 19 Geo. 2. C 26,

For other Matter.', see jrojfcttutcj £l^ona(lett'e0 11, Iftc.

Crcafon 45.

attaint.

1. To be granted in Plea of Land, St. Weftm. I. 3 Ed. 1. < .'38. 34 Ed. 3. C 7.

2. Two Jufliees sworn to take Assises and Attaints 3 times a Year, 13 Edi. C 30.

3. Attaint may be taken by Default of the Petit Jury at the great Distress, St. de Vic. 14 Ed. 2.

4. Shall be granted in Trespass as well of the Principal as of the Damages, and though the Damages be not paid, 1 Ed. 3.

ft. 1, C 6.

5. eitoin de fervitio, cs'e. and Protection not to be allowed in Attaints, and live Days in the Year shall be given, 5 Ed. 3. C 6.

6. Shall be granted in Trespass fine brewi if the Damages exceed 40j. 5 Ed. 3. C 7. without regard to the Quantity of the Damages, 28 Ed. 3. C 8.

7. Shall be granted on easy Fine, and to the Poor without Fine,

34 Ed. 3. 7.

S. Shall be granted to a Reversioner, 9 R. 2. C 3.

9. In Attaint of a Verdict of the City of Lincoln, the Jury shall be impanelled of the County of Lincoln, 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 18. 3 H. 5. ft. 2. C 5.

10. The Plaintiffs shall recover their Coils and Damages, 11 H.

6. C 4.

11. Jurors in Attaint shall have 20/. a Year in Land, 15 H. C 5.

12. A false foreign Plea shall be peremptory, 1; H. 6. C 5.

13. A Tenant in Gavelkind may be returned in Attaint in Kent, 18 H. 6. C 2.

14. Regulations of Attaints in London, 11 h.j. C 21.

13. Persons convicted in Attaint disabled to be Jurors, 11 H. 7. C 21.

16. Proceedings in Attaint regulated, 11ii. 7. C 24. 19//. 7.

C 3. 23//. 8. C 3.

17. In Attaint, Petty Jury may appear by Attorney, 23 LI 8.

C 3. § 8. _ _

18. Persons worth 400 Marks in Goods may be impanelled in Attaints in London, 37 H. 8. C.

For other Matters, see Abatement 16. Challenge def fot'n 3, communication 6. juries 21. pjtuo

7. 16, £*.

I

anti 0oiici'to?s*

1. Freemen owing Suit to the County or lord's Court, may make

an Attorney, zo H. 3. C 10. 15 H. 6. C 7.

2. Where Barrators not to be Attorneys in County Court, 3 Ed. 1. '-33-

3. Form of Writ of Attorney in Wales, 12 Ed. 1. §47.

4. An Attorney may be made where an Appeal doth not lie,

6 Ed. 1. ft. 1. C 8.

5. Who may make General Attorneys, 13 Edict. ic. 10.

7 R. 2. C 14.

6. Fine to be made in the Exchequer before the granting a Writ de attornato general! faciendo} St. de Libert, ferquirend, 27 Ed. \, ft. 2.

7. A Writ de attornato faciendo for Parties not able to travel, St. de Libert, perquirend. 27 Ed. 1. ft. 2,

8. Tenants in Assise may make Attorneys, 12 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 1.

9. The Judges may admit Attorneys in Pleas before them, St. de Sin. 15 Ed, 2. ft. 1.

10. General Attorneys may. be made in Pramunire, by fuchs pass the'sca with'licence, 7 R. 2. C 14.'

(i. General Attorneys may substitute other Attorneys, 7 R. 2, C 14.

iz. Shall be examined by the Judges and their Names put on the Roll, 4 H, 4. C 18. 2 Get. 2. C 23.

13. Shall be sworn not to bring Suits in foreign Counties, 4 11. 4. C 18.

14. ' No Officer of a Franchise shall be Attorney in a Plea within the Franchise, 4 H. 4. C 19.

15. Impotent Persons being outlawed may make Attorneys, 7 H,

4. C 13.

16. (jnderfheriffs, Ifc. not to be Attorneys while in Office, 1 H.

5- 4-

17. A particular Act for the Duke of Bedford to make his Attorneys, 2 H. 6. C 3.

18. The Number of Attornieis in Norfolk and Suffolk limited, 33‘h; 6. C 7.

19. Attorneys, tftc. not punishable for pleading a forged Deed for

• their Clients, not being privy to the Forgery, 5 El. C 14.

§ 15..

20. Defendants informed against upon a penal Law, may appear by Attorney, 2 g El. C 5. § 21. Restrained to natural born sub jedls and Denizens, 3 1 EL C 10, § 2c.

21. Recusants convidl not to practice as Attorneys or Solicitors,

3 Ja. 1. 5. § S.

22. Aitornies shall take Tickets of their Difburfcments, jai. <7

23. Shall deliver a Bill signed before they charge their Clients

with their Sees, 3 Ja. 1. C 7. 2 Geo. 2. C 23. § 23.

24. None shall be admitted Attorneys but they that are brought

up to it, 3 Ja. 1. C 7. 2 Geo. 2. C 23.'

25. Attorneys shall not suffer others to practice in their Names except

in special Cases, 3 Ja. 1. C 7. § z. 2 Geo. 2. C 23. § 10, 17. • -, •

26. Persons convidtcd of Forgery or Perjury, and practising as Attorneys to be transported, ‘12 Geo. 1. C 29. § 4.

27. Regulations of Attorneys Clcrkfhips, 2 Geo. 2. C 23, § 5, 7, 12, 15, 16. made perpetual, 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 75.

28. Solicitors in Equity to be admitted and sworn, 2 Geo. 2. C 23. § 7, 20, 21.

29. Attorneys and Solicitors to be enrolled without Fee, 2 Geo. 2. C 23. § 18.

30. attorney's Name to be endorsed on every Process for arrelting, 2 Gee. z. C 23. § 22.

31. Directions for the Taxation of Bills, 2 Geo. 2. C 23. §23. not to extend to Cases between Attorney and Agent, 12 Geo. 2, C 13 • § 6.

32. The Six Clerks Attorneys and Clerks, in the Exchequer, and Solicitors of the Treasury, ffte. excepted out of this Act, 2 Geo. 2. C 23'. § 26, 27, 28.

33. Attorneys, Solicitors and Prodlors incapacitated to act as justices of the Peace, 5 Geo. 2. C 18. § 2.

34. Shall take no more than 5/. for serving Copy of Process, 5 Geo. 2. C 27. § 2.

35. Penalty of issuing special Writs in small Suits, 5 Geo. 2. C 27.

§ 5-

36. Attorneys of the superior Courts may be admitted in inferior Courts, 6 Geo, 2. C 27. § 2,

37. Not indorfing attorney's Name on Warrant does not vitiate, 1 2 Geo. 2. C 13. § 4.

38. Attorneys may ufc Abbreviations in their Bills, 12 Geo. 2. C 13. §;.

39. Penalty on Persons not admitted practising in County Courts, 12 Geo. 2. C 13. § 7.

40. Quakers

Sttognment*

M.

40. Quakers may be admitted on their Affirmation, 12 Geo. 2.

fi 1§ 8.

41. Attorneys not to begin any Suit while in Prison, 12 Geo. 2.

C 13. §9.

42. Affidavits to be made of the Articles and Service of Clerks,

22 Gee. 2. C 46. § 3. 27 Geo. 2. C 16. § 6. 28 Geo. 2. C 19.

§ 5. 29 Geo. 2. C 32. § 4. 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 76.

43. Penalties on ailing without being admitted, or on Behalf of Persons not qualified, 22 Geo. 2. C 46. § 12.

44. Exception of Attorneys in ifales and Counties Palatine, 22 Geo. 2. C 46. § 13.

4;. Clerk of the Peace and Underlheriff not to praitife at the Sessions, 22 Geo. 2. C 46. § 14,

46. Solicitors may be admitted Attorneys without Stamp or See,

23 Geo, 2. C 26. § 15.

47. Attorneys, (Sc. fubjeil to the Court of Conscience for weji mivfler, 24 Geo. 2. C 42.

48. Attorneys, (Sc. imbeziilingtheir Clients Money, excepted out of the Insolvent Debtors Ad, 28 Geo. 2. C 13. § 23.

49. Attorneys not to be Commissioners of the land-tax without possessing 100/. a Year, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 90.

50. Where Persons indemnified who have omitted Affidavits of Execution of Contracts to serve as Clerks to Attorneys, 33 Geo.

2. C 16.

51. Attorneys imbeziiling their Clients Money excluded from Ad of Insolvency, 1 Geo. 3. C 17.

For aether Mattery see Appeals I 2. ♦pfltfe 16, Attaint 17. Cevtiojarz 23. Cotts 10. 3e>ebt, (Sc. 11. jdiffctfin 5. ccclecattical Courts, (Sc. 35. £>utlatojp z3, (Sc. Stamps, Title ^ttojuep. ffihartaitt of Jfttojticp,

2. An Avowant recovering shall have Colls, 7 II 8. C 4, § 3. 21 H, 8, C 19.

3. The Lord may avow upon the Land as within his Seigniory, without naming his Tenant, 21 H. 8. C 19. § 2.

4. The Avowant mull allege Seifm within 50 Years, 32 II 8.

r. 2. §4.

5. Writs shall go to inquire of the Sum in Arrear, and the Value of the Dillrefs, on Monfuit of the Plaintiff, or Verdict, or Judgement on Demurrer against him, 17 Car. 2. C 7. § z, 3.

6. 17 Car. 2. extended to Wales and the Counties Palatine, 19 Car. 2. C 3.

7. They who dillrain for Rent or Services may avow generally, 11 Geo. 2. C 19. § 22„

See Limitations,

Sutum Eeguiae*

A Proviso that it Shall not run upon a Grant made By the Corn mons, 15 Ed. 3. ft. 3. C 6. 31 Ed. i.jl. 1. C 13.

^[ut£>0?£a* See Books.

atuattu

Where a Submission to an Award may be made a Rule of Court, 9 Of 10 IF. 3. C 15.

For other Matters, see ircfetcntc,

E.

attorney ©encrai.

1. Shall be paid his Wages at Ealter, (Sc. 10 H.

2. His Residence difpenled with, 2 H. jl 1. C

3. Shall have Conufance of Fines, and Inrolment of Deeds, 32

H. 8. C 20. § 5, 6,

attornment

1. They who claim by Recovery may avow without Attornment, 7 II 8. C 4.

2. Grants to be good without it, 4 Ann. C 16. § 9.

3. Attornment of Tenants except to a Mortgagee, (Sc. void, 11 Geo. 2. C 19* § zz.

See fizzes 25.

atltn'to? Of tl)t &l'ng* See King, Debt to and, from the King. *

Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, see Exchequer.

augmentation

Reservations in Church Leases for the Augmentation of poor Livings established, 29 Car. 2. C 8.

aulnage.

z, The Subsidy discharged for three Years on Clothes of small Value, 1 II 4. C 19.

2, May be let to Farm, 4 H. 4. C 24.

3. Aulnage Duties taken away, 11 (S 12 W. 3. C 20.

See ©japerp,

gfjon* See Rivers, atiotorp*

z. Recoverers in a Recovery may avow for Rent, 7 H. 8. C 4. § 2,

xablaco* See Coventry.

'Bacon anti Po ?&*

1. The Importation [hereof how formerly prohibited, z 8 Car. 2.

C 2. 20 Car. 2. C 7.

2. What Price they mull be at when exported, z2 Car. 2. C 4. § iz.

3. Any Person may export them, 22 Car, 2. C 13. § 4.

4. Pork may be exported to Alien Friends Duty free, 3 WIS M. C 8.

5. Duties upon Bacon imported, \ w.ts M. C 5. §2. 5 ff

(S M. C 2. § 4.

6. What Allowance to be made for faked Pork exported, 3 Geo. 2.

C 20. § z6. 5 Geo. 2. C 6. § 4.

'Banger of Com

z. Where exempted from the Punishment of an Ingroffer, 5 IS 6 Ed. 6. C 14. § 7.

2. To be licensed by the Jullices, 5 El. C 12. 13 El. C 2;.

§ 20.

and 93ajttpji?c*

1. What Persons are bailable, and by whom, 3 Ed, z. C 15. 3 H. 7. C 3. z IS 2 Ph. (S M. C 13. ■ •

2. Where required in Ceffaevit, 6 Ed. z. C 4,

3. Accountants where not bailable, 13 Ed. 1. C 11.

4. Penalty for bailing or not bailing unduly, ibid. (S 27 Ed. 1. Jl. 1. C 3 •

The Marshal of the king's Bench not to bail Felons, 5 Ed. 3.

C 8.

6. The Bail answerable for Delay of Appearance of the Defendant, 7 R. 2. C 17.

7. Where required before granting Writ of Sulfaena, 15 H. 6.

r. 4.

8. Sheriffs and Gaolers Shall let all Persons to Bail that arc in their Cuilody upon Mejne Process, 23 H. 6. C 9,

9. Jullices of Peace may bail Persons arrested on Suspicion of

Felony,

Bai

Felony, i R, 3. C 3. Retlraincd to two Justices, 3 7/. 7. r. 3,

1 y z P. (if AF. 13. § 3. — — Not to rellrain justices in London and Middkfex and Towns Corporate, 1 (if 2 P. 53" M. C 13.

§ 7>.

10. Where the Caufcof Action is not expressed in the Process, Bail shall not be required in more than 40/, 13 Car. 2. ft. 2. C 2. — — Not to extend to Arrefls upon Capias Utlagat', 13 Car, 2, ft. 7. C 2. § 4.

11. Persons committed for Treason or Felony and not indidted the next Term to be bailed, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 7.

12. Excessive Bail not to be required, 1 W. 13 M. ft. 2, C 2.

tj. Commissions to be granted by the Courts at weftmtnjur, to take Bail in the Country, 4 W. (if M. C 4.

14. Bail may be taken by a Judge of Assise, 4 W. (if M. C 4. §3

15. On a Capias Utlagat am Bail may be taken, 4 Csf 5 W. 13 M. r. 18. § 4.

16. Bail Bonds may be assigned to the Plaintiff, 4 Ann. C 16.

§ 20.

17. Special Bail notrequifrte in Causes in the superior Courts under

jo I. nor in inferior Courts under 46 s. nor without Affidavit, 12 Geo. 1, C 29. 21 Gee. 2. C 3.

18. Where Bail may have Writ of Detainer againftprisoner, : Ann.

ft. 2. C 6. § 3.

leg. The Court of King's Bench and Justiciary in Scotland, not refrained from bailing Persons committed for Felonies against: the Daws of Customs orexcife, 9 Geo. 2. C 3;. § 38. 19 Gee. 2. C 34. § 12.

20. Justices of Peace required to bail Officers of Customs and Excise, who kill Persons refiling, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § 33.

For other Matters, see cctttojatt 12. (Eljcftcr 17. cojptls cum Ciiufa, idccr, t3c. 3. (Krtro? 12, 13, 16, 21, ic. fft'eclefiagical Courts, jfclonfcs teutljm ant) tan'thout CL erg p, Title ail, habeas Corpus, fbjjonev, jsfijc nffp 28, (sv. jill 35. Stannaries 2. Cdlalcs,

'Miffs M 'bahftufcus*

t. bailiffs not to hold Picas of the Crown, M. C 9 H, 3, C 17.

2. 'not to attach Persons out of their Jurisdiction, 3 Ed, 1. C 35.

3. Distress to be taken by sworn Bailiffs, 13 Ed. 1. C 37.

4. Indentures to be made between Sheriffs and Bailiffs of Returns, 12 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 5.

5. An Averment may be had againll their false Returns, 1 Ed. 3.

ft >•

6. They are to have sufficient in the Place where they are Officers, 2 Ed. 3. C 4. 4 Ed. 3. C 9. $ Ed. 3. C 4.

7. How Bailiwicks, fife. may be let to Farm, 14 Ed. 3, ft. 1.

Ct Q

8. Bailiwicks not to be let to Farm, 23 H. 6. C 9.

9. There shall be but one Bailiff errant in one County, 14 Ed. 3. jl.i. C 9.

4o. Justices of Assise shall inquire of the Misdemeanours of Bailiffs, 14 Tiff, T, .ft. 1. C 9. 20 EA 3. C 6.

11. A Bailiff shall not be an Attorney, 1 H. 5. C 4.

12. Provisions against their having the same Office within three Years, 1 H. 5. C 4.

13. Laier Provifron for their holding their Offices for the Time they are given them, 27 H. 8. C 24. § 15.

14. How punishable for Defaults in warning Defendants, (iff. r i H. 7. C 1 5.

15. And for inefficient Returns, 27 H. 8, ct 24. § 9,

16. They are to attend Justices of Assise, 27 H. 8. C 24, § 7.

17. Bailiwicks not to be let at excessive Sums, 28 Ed. ft. 3. ‘ C 14.

18. But at the ancient Farm, 14 Ed. 3. ft. 1, cg.

19. Bailiffs that gather Amerciaments how to be sworn, 11 77, 7. C 15.

20. Justices may puniflr Bailiffs of Hundreds, 1 r H. 7. r. 15.

21. bailiffs impanelling Jury, what Oath to.take, pele. 12,

Bank

22. The buying or farming the Office, what to forfeit, 3 Geo, r, C t 3. § 10.

For Accounts of Lords Bailiff's, ft ' <fccot!l!t,

For other Matters, see file'llt, jsffjcttffp,

Not to conspire to sell Bread at certain Prices, 2 b' 3 Ed. 6. C 13.

For other Flatters, see ipjctlt), cctttoiat'f,

Baflnffage.

1. Liberty given to take Ballafl on the Shelps in the Thames, 27 H. 8. C 18.

2. Unlading of Ballafl, (iff. in a Haven or River running to a Port, what to forfeit, 34 (3 33 H, 8, C 9. § 6,

3. Ballastage and Laflage how regulated in the River Thames,

6 Geo. 2. C 29. 11 Geo. 2. C 12. 18 Geo. 2, C 21. 32 Geo,

2. C 16.

4. Prices of Ballafl, 6 Geo. 2. C 29. § 1.

5. Penalty of Frauds by Ballast Men, 6 Geo. 2. C 29. § 3. (if sequent.

6. Permission to carry Dung and Chalk as Ballafl, 6 Geo. 2. C 29, § 14.

7. Penalty of throwing out Ballafl, 19 Geo. 2. C 22.

For other Matters, see (3c. 5. Dpfiflol, t?arit10utij.

'Balloting jto? 'Balloting fo? juries, See Juries. 23all Sopc. See Sope.

Balsam,

Balsam of Peru and Tolu may be imported from the American Plantations, 7 Ann. C 8, §12.

Bambjftge (Cijomas),,

How incapacitated to enjoy the Office of Warden of the Fleet, 2 Geo. 2. C 32.

Banifljmcnt

No Man shall be exiled but by lawful Judgement of his .Peers, er the Law of the Land, 9 H. 1. ft. 1. C 29.

See Spbjtirntfpn.

Bank of Citglani?.

1. Establishment of the Bank, 3 W. (if M. C 20. § 20.

2. Bank Bills may be assigned by Endorsement, 5 IV 13 M. C 20. § 29.

3. Amerciaments on the Bank to be detained by the Officers of the Exchequer out of the annual Fund, 5 W, (if M. C 20. § 31.

4. Not to trade but in Bills, or in Gold and Silver, 5 W, (5 M.

C 20. § 27.

5.. Scheme for a Land Bank, 7 (if 8 W. 3. C 31.

6. Enlargement of the Funds of the Bank, 8 (if 9 W. 3. C 2p,

7 Ann. C 7. 12 Ann. ft. I. C If. I Geo. 1. ft. 2, C 12, 15

Geo, 2. C 13.

7. Exclusive Privilege of the Bank, 8 (if 9 r. 3. r. 20. § 28.

6 Ann. C 22, §9. 7 Ann, C 7. § 6r. 3 Geo. 1. C 8. § 44.

1 3 Geo. 2. C 13. § 3.

8. Eank Stock free of Taxes, 8 (if 9 W, 3. C 20. § 31. 7 Ann,

C 7. § 62. 3 Geo. 1. C 8. § 16.

9. Contrails for Stock not binding unless registered within seven Days, and the Transfer made within fourteen, 8 (if 9 W. 3. C 20. §.34.

4

10. No

obmtft.

'Bankrupts

10. No Aft of the Corporation to subject any Member to Forfeiture, 8 (A 9 IK. 3. C 20. § 35.

11. The Bank shall make their Dividends every 6 Months, 9 IK.

3. C 3. § 4.

.12. Shall not be compelled to make Dividends but by Order of a General Court, 12 (A 13 IV 3. 12. § 14. 7 Ann. C 7.

§ 65.

13. During the Continuance of the Bank of England, there shall not be more than six Bankers in Partnership, 6 Ann. r, 22. § 9. 7 Ann. C 7. §61.

14. Qualifications of the Directors, (Ac. 6 Ann. C 32..

15. Bank to circulate Exchequer Bills, 9 Ann. C 7.

16. None to be Director of the Bank and India Company at the same Time, 9 Ann. cy. § 11.

17. Like Clause for the South Sea Company, 9 Ann. C 21. § 61.

18. Power given to the Bank to lend Money to the Treasurer of the Navy on South Sea Stock, 12 ann.jl. 2. C 3. § 10.

19. Five Sevenths of Excise Duty on Beer appropriated to the Eank, L Gee. 1. C 12.

20. Duty on Spices, (Ac. appropriated to the Bank, 1 Geo. 1.

C 12.

21. Redemption of Bank Annuities, 3 Gee. 1. r. 8. sgeo.i.

C 5. 13 Gee. 1. e. 3. 1 Geo. 7..j1. 2. C 8. § 21. 11 Geo. 2.

C 27. § 16.

22. Members not paying their Shares after Notice in Gazette,

(Ac. Governor, (Ac. may stop Dividends and Transfers, 7 Ann. C 27. § 72. 3 Geo. 1. C 8. § 38.

23. Reduction of the Bank Annuity, 11 Geo. 1. C 9. 15 Geo. 2.

C 13.

24. Annuities granted to the Bank upon the Coal Duties, I Geo. z.fl. 2. C 8.

25. If the Produce be deficient, to be made good out of Sinking

Fund, 1 Geo, 2 .ft. 2. C 8. § 9. 2 Geo, 2. C 3. § 8. over

plus of additional Duties on Soap, Paper, (Ac. charged with Annuity of 50000 /., to Bank free from Taxes, 2 Geo. 2. C 3.

26. Servants of the Company imbezilling Effects, guilty of Felony without Clergy, 15 Geo. 2. C 13. § 12.

27. Directors may choose a Chairman in Absence of the Governor,

15 Geo. 2. C 13. § 13. 24 Geo. 2. C 4. § 22.

28. Additional Annuity granted to the Bank for Exchequer Bills cancelled, igge\2.c.6.

29. General Court of the Bank may proceed without taking the Oaths, 24 Geo. 2, C 4. § 21.

30. Agreement with the Bank for raising certain Sums for the Service of the Year 1764, in consideration of which the Corporation is continued, sr. 4 Geo. 3. C 25.

31. The Bank is to continue a Corporation till the several Annuities

established by Parliament are redeemed, 4 Geo. 2. C 9. §33.. 15 Geo. 2. C 19. § 13. l6gca. 2. C 13. § 32. 17

Gto. 2. C 18. § 28. 18 Geo. 2. C g. § 33. 19 Geo. 2. 0. 6.

§ 15. and C 12.. § 59. 20 Geo. 2. C 3. § 55. and C 10. § 45.

21 Geo. 2. C z 36. 22 Geo, 2. C 23. § 14. 23 Geo. 2. C 16.

§11. 28 Geo. 2. C 15. § 31. 29 Geo. 2. C 7. § 39. 30 Get;.

2. r. 10. §51. 31 Grs. 2, r. 22. 32 Gee. 2. r. 10. 33 Gen.

2.. C 7. 1 Gen. 3, r. 7. 2 G. 3. r. 10. ' 3 Gen. 5. r. 12.

Fnr Annuities transfesred from south-sea Ccmpan; ^ see

soutly^ca Compant'.

For Other Matters, see tumtuftfco per tot. cbattccfb 19.

eat 3!ntta companvj <2*cbcqtter, <$yccuttott 16.

^fclottp boitljcmt Clevgp, Hue oidanlt, fstatliaiucnfsg,

(Ac. i&cap 12.

"Bankers,

Turing the Continuance of the Bank, no other Company of Bankers to be exceeding Six, 6 Ann, C 22. § 9.

See icanbtupts,.

"Bankrupts,

1. The Lord Chancellor to take Order with Bankrupts Bodies, and Goods, 34 (A 35 U. 8. C 4.

2. Who shall be deemed Bankrupts, i$e/.c.j. I Jac. 1. e. IJ.

21 Jac. 1. C 19. 13^ 14 Car, 2. C 24. 5 Gen. 2, C 30.

§ 39> 4°

3. Directions for the ordering of the Effects of Bankrupts, 13

El. C 7. 1 Ja. 1. C 15. 21 Ja. 1. C 19,

4. A Bankrupt absconding shall be proclaimed, 1 Ja. 1. C 15. § 6.

5. Penalty of Pillory, (Ac. on committing wilful Perjury to the

Damage of the Creditors of 10/. 1 Ja. 1. C 15. §. 9.

6. Penalty of others committing Perjury, 1 Ja. 1. C 15. §. It.

7. witneltes to be allowed Colls, 1 Ja. 1. C 15. § 11.

8. Power given to Commissioners to assign Debts, I Ja. 1. C 15. § > 3*

9. The Punishment of Pillory, (Ac. on a fraudulent Bankrupt, 21 Ja. 1. r. 19. § 7.

to. His Goods shall be ratably divided notwithlianding any Judgement, (Ac. 21 Ja. I. C 19. § 9.

11. Commissioners may sell an eltatetail, which Bankrupt could bar by Recovery, 21 Ja. 1. C 19. § 12.

12. Commissioners may redeem Mortgages, 21 Ja. t. C 1 C

§ «3

13. Purchaser not to be impeached after 5 Years, 21 Ja. I. C

• 19. % 14.

14. Members of the India Company, Guinea Company, and Filling Company, not to be deemed Traders within the Statutes, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 24.

15. East India Company farther exempted by 8 9 W. 3. C 44.

§ 74- •

i Members of the Bank not to be deemed Bankrupts on Account of their Stock, 8 (A 9 W. 3. C 20. § 47. 3 Geo. 1. C 8.

§ 43-

17. Stock of South Sea Company exempted in the same Manner,

9 Ann. C 21. § 42. 8 Geo. I. C 21. § 12,

18. For punishing Frauds by Bankrupts, 4 Ann. C 17. 5 Ann.

0. 22. 3 Geo. 1. C 12. 5 Geo. I. C 24.

19. Not paying a Debt in six Months after Process, not to be an Act of Bankruptcy, 10 Ann. C 15.

20. Difchargeof a Bankrupt not to discharge his Partner or Surety,

10 Ann. C 15. § 3.

21. Debt of a Bankrupt payable at a future Day to be allowed, 7 Geo. 1. C 31.

22. Bankrupts since the Expiration of the Aft 5 Geo. 1. discharged, 3 Geo. 2. C 29. § 4.

23. The Aft for preventing Frauds by Bankrupts, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. continued by 4 Gee, 3. C 36.

24. Commissioners to appoint three Meetings in Gazette, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. § 2.

2;. Bankrupt to deliver his Accounts on Oath, and to attend Alfignees, j Geo. 2. C 30. § 4.

26. Bankrupt, after surrender, free from Arrests, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. § 5*

27. Commissioners to attend Bankrupt if in Custody, 5 Geo. 2.

C 30. § 6.

28. On second Bankruptcy, Body only discharged, 5 Geo. 2. 0. 30.

§9,.

29. Bankrupt who has lost 5/. in a Day, or icol. in a Year by Gaming to have no Advantage of rhisaft, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. § iz.

30. Bankrupt after Certificate to be discharged from Prison;;

2.c.30. §13.

31. Reward for discovering bankrupt's Estate, and Punishment for concealing it, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. $ 20, 21.

32. How Debts are to be proved, and Alfignees chosen, 5 Geo.

2. C 30. § 26.

33. Where mutual Credit is given, one Debt may be fet against Another, and the Balance claimed or paid, 5 Geo. 2. C 30,

§ 28.

34. Penalty of claiming Debts fallly, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. $ 29,

35. Chancellor may order new Alfignees, 5 Geo. 2. C 30, § 3;.

36. After Certificate,. Bankrupt to attend as.d be paid, 5 Geo. z. n. 30. § 36..

37. Alfignees

Banfts.

%atou anti ifeuie,

37. Aflignecsnot to commence Suit in Equity without Consent of Majority of Creditors, 5 Geo, 2. C 30. § 38.

38. Bankers, Brokers and Faflors, liable to the Statutes concerning Bankruptcy, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. § 30.

39. Penalty on Commiflioncrs incurring unneceffury Expenses, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. § 42.

40. Payments made by abankrupt in the Way of Trade without Notice valid, 19 Geo, 2. C 32.

41. Demands on Policies of Insurance, fife, may be claimed before the Contingency happens, 19 Geo. z. C 32. § 2.

42. Offences made Felony by; Geo. 2. C 30, excepted out of the General Pardon, 20 Geo. C 32. § 23.

43. Certificate obtained from fictitious Creditors to be void, 24 Geo. 2. C 57. § 9.

44. Power of Attorney from a foreign Creditor to be attelled by a Notary, 24 Geo. 2. C 57. § 10.

45. Bankrupts not obtaining their Certificates, excepted from the

lnfolvent Debtors Aft, 28 Geo. 2. C 13. § 22, 1 Geo. 3. C 17.

§ ?o.

46. Members of Parliament made subject to Bankrupt Laws; but not subject to Arreil, except in Cases made Felony by those Laws, 4 Geo. 3. C 33.

For other Matters, see Abatement 21, 30. l5atctt end Tactile 8. Cambjick 10. Certificate 6. Contrition 3. Chauccrf 25, 26. Coppljolo 1. Cods, Debt, be. 5djobers 3. Cfcapc 17. Cbiocncc 9, 10. ^ffarmevs 3. ^clonp ttrithout Clevgt'j Title ilsan&rupt, Jrift) 37. 3l«furaucc 15.

Banks.

1. Who diftrainable to make them, M. C 9 H. 3. C 15,

2. How they are to be bounded, AI. C 9 H. 3. C 16.

3. Cutting down the Dikes in Marjhland in Norfolk made Felony,

22 H. 8. C 11. 2 b 3 P. b 71/. C 19.

4. The Sea Banks in Norfolk to be repaired at the Charge of the Inhabitants, 27 El. C 24.

5. Commifiions for supporting them, 7 fa. 1. C 20.

6. Removing Materials of Sea or Marsh Banks 20/. Penalty, be. 10 Geo. 2. C 32. § 5. which is made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. C 42. § 5.

7. Penalty on cutting Star or Bent on sand hills, 15 Geo. 2. C 33.

$

For other Matter', see '21bctlfo?t) 3lev)d, ifclolip lxlitljout Clergy, Title Hratths, js'etoetcf.

bails of ^totrfmoitp. See Marriage. baptitm.

Child of Popish Recusant to be baptised within a Month after its Birth, be. 3 Ja. I. C 5. $ 14.

For other Matters, see isiltlls and iscgidef,

Bncbecs fmti ©negeons.

s. How incorporated in London, 32 H. 8. C 4z. § 1.

2. How exempt from bearing Arms, or being put upon Watches or Inquests, 32 H. 8. C 42. § 1.

3. Barber not to exercise the Trade of a Surgeon in London, 32

- H. 8. r. 42. § 3.

4. Nor a Surgeon that of a Barber, 32h. 8. C 42. § 3.

5. And none to (have, but Freemen, 32 H. 8. C 42. § 4.

6. Barbers and Surgeons to pay Scot and Lot, 32 H. 8. C 42.

§ 6.

7. Any Person may keep a Barber or Surgeon as a Servant, 32 H. 8. e. 42. § 7.

8. Four Mailers are to be chosen of the Company, who are to punish Offenders, 32 H. 8. C 42. §

9. Barbers Aprons to what Duties liable, 4 W. b M. C 5. § 2.

'Bargains ana aies

1. Bargains and Sales of Freehold are to be enrolled within six Months, 27 //. 8. C i(.

2. The Power of Corporations to inroll Bargains and Sales by Husband and Wife confirmed, 34 b 3; H. 8. C 22.

3. How to be enrolled in Lancashire, Cheshire and Durham, 5 El. C 26.

4. In all Deeds of Bargain and Sale, the Words grant, bargain and fell amount to express Covenants to the Bargainee, br.

6 Ann. C 35. § 30.

5. A Copy of the Inrolment hall maintain a Plea of the Deed with a Profert, 10 Ann. C 18. § 3.

6. Where Bargains and Sales are to be enrolled in the Hullings of the City of London, 33 Geo. 2. C 30. § 10, be.

For Regijtering comjtjar.cei in Middlesex and Yorkshire, see

iregificr.

For other Matters, see cpccutofc.

Barilla o? @apijo?a.

To what Duties liable, 2 W. b M. fess. 2. C 4. § 46.

Barit.

1. Oaken Bark not to be regrated, 1 Ja. L C 22. § 19.

2. Penalty of selling Oaks to be barked, 1 Ja. 1. C 22. § 20.

Batlep. See Corn,

Bacon aud same.

I,. Where the Wife may be admitted to defend on Default of the

Huftand, 1 3 Ed. 1. C 3.

2. A Wife that continues with her Advowterer shall be barred of her Dower, 13 Ed. 1. ft. 1. e. 34.

3. Nonage not to delay a woman's Suit on the Alienation of her Husband, 13 Ed. 1 .J. I. C 40.

4. W here Alienations by a Woman, of Lands come from the huland, be. shall he void, 11 H. 7. C 20.

5. Husband disabled from discontinuing his wife's Ellate, 32 H. 8. C 28. § 6.

6. Where Leases by Husband and Wife, of her Inheritance, are good, 32 LI 8. C zs. § 7.

7. A Saving of the Custom of inrolling Bargains and Sales, be. • of the Lands of Femes Covert in Cities, be. 34 b 35 H. 8.

C 2 2.

8. Wife of Bankrupt may be examined, 21 Ja. 1. r. 19. § 6.

.9. Of Women carried away with the Goods of their Husbands, the King shall have Suit, 1 3 Ed. 1. C 34.

For Other Matters, see ^dutfulftrattott 10. 3ippc.il 1. Cambjtcb 6. copyliold 6. Cflbitis;. Jfmca 12, 14, be. fjjcttr 1. Jlcafes 4. 2z. jftottcottfojmiftg 6, be. Wccufaitts 35. be. Went 3, be.

Baton). See Peers.

Bacons of tlje Cccsegucc. See Exchequer, 23nccas. See Buckrams. ■-

baccato^s

Howpunifhed, 3 Ed. te.

See 3i; tojntee 2.

Bacceis. See Beer, Measures and Vinegar.

©aflntb

'baffatb.

'Becc anti

25affarti nnb Baffattip.

1. Persons born before Marriage to be deemed Bastards, zo //. 3.

C 9.

2. Bastardy alleged against Persons born beyond Sea shall be tried by Certificate of the Bishop, 2; Edt,. ft. 2.

3. How Proclamations are to be made before the Award of the Writ to certify Bastardy, 9 H. 6. C 11.

4. Causes of Bastardy to be in the king's Name, and tested by the Biftiop, 1 Ed. 6. C 2. § 3.

f. Reputed Parents how chargeable for the Relief of Bastards, and puniihable by the Justices, 18 El. C 3.

6. All Justices to have Jurisdiction to execute, 18f/. C 3. concerning Bastardy, 3 Car. 1. C 4.

7. The Punishment of the lewd Mothers of Bastards, 7 Ja. 1. C 4.

8. Concealing the Death of Ballard Children to be punished as Murder, 21 Ja. 1. C 27.

5. The Expense of maintaining Bastards may be levied on the Goods of the Father and Mother, 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 12. § 19-

10. Women delivered of Bastards in Parishes to which they do not belong, their Settlement deemed the Settlement of the ba ftard, 17 Gee. 2. C 5. § 25.

11. For apprehending the Putative Fathers of Bastard Children, 6 Geo. 2. C 31.

For other Matters, see ccclcfiaotcal psrfolts,

35atf).

t. For paving and lighting the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen and the Watch, 12 Geo. 2. C 20. 30 Geo. 2.' e. 63.

2. For eredling an Hospital there, 12 Geo. 2. C 31.

3. Penalties in the Horse Race Act incurred in Somersetjhire, given to the Hospital at Bath, 13 Geo. 2. C 10. 5 6.

See ©ifljops,

'bflttctp* See Afiault. battle.

1. The champion's Oath in a Writ of Right, 3 Ed. 1. C 41.

2. Battle and the great Afiife does not lie of Lands in Wales, St. Wall. 12 Ed. l.fol. 82.

3. In what Cases Battle and the grand Afiife may be joined, St. de Magnis hjftfts interti temp. 1 Vol. 189.

fo/irape,

Bafofcy Ijoufc0.

1. Directions for profccuting them at the Expense of the Parish, 25 Geo. 2. C 36. § 5. 2s Geo. 2. C 19. § j.

2. Parishioners may be Witnefies, 25 Geo. 2. C 36. § 9.

See Ccrtfojnn 14. Couffablc 14. ©toinciicc 14.

ap. See Drapery.

Beat. See Bugles.

'Beans?. See Corn.

^fautnatls in the County of Angkfea.

Its Quarter sessions how to be adiourned, 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 26.

§ 8.

beaupicauer.

No Fine to be taken for it, 52 H. 3. C 11. 3 Edi. C 8. 1 Edict.

2. C 8.

'Benfto;

I. To what Duties liable, 8 Geo. I. C ic. § 13.

Vol. IX Tab.

2. Being of the Product of the Brltijh Plantations, shall be imported directly into Great Britain, 8 Geo. I. C I 5. f 24.

3. What Drawback on Exportation, 8 Geo. 1. C 13. § 14.

4. Former Duties on Beaver Skins repealed, and other Duties granted in lieu thereof, 4 Geo. 3. C 9.

For other Matters, see j&fctns.

'bctjfojh ichel

1. Adventurers how made a Corporation, and how to aft, 15 Car• 2. e. 17.

2. Their Lands how to be taxed, 20 Car. 2. C 8.

3. Repeat of a Clause in 15 Car. 2. concerning the dividing of Commons, \ Ja. 2. C 21.

4. Conservators of Bedford Level discharged of a Debt to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, 27 Geo. 2. C 19.

5. Executors of Sir C Orhy and T. Orby Hunter discharged from paying too I. per Ann. to the Conservators of Bedford Level, 27 Geo. 2. e. 19.

6. Proprietors of Lands in the North Level enabled to raise Money to discharge their Debt, 27 Geo. 2. C 19.

7. Taxes on Bedford Level regulated, and Directions given for the draining it, 27 Geo. 1. C 19.

8. Maliciously destroying the Works in Bedford Level, Felony without Clergy, 27 Geo. 2. e. 19. § 49.

9. tool. Penalty for maliciously ftopp.ng up any Drain in Bedford Level, 27 Gio. 2. C 19. § 49.

10. A Fund established for Payment of the Bonds of the Conservators of Bedford Level, 29 Geo. 2. C 9.

11. Conservators of Bedford Level empowered to sell invested

Lands, 2cj Geo. 2. C 22. § 29. 30 Geo. 2. C 35. § 26.

12. For draining certain Lands in the South Level between Brandon River and Sam's Cut Drain, 30 Geo. 2. C 35.

13 For draining Lands in the Township of Ely, and in theparifh of Lit tie port in the Isle of Ely, and in the Parishes of milden hall and Lakenheath in Suffolk, and Helgay in Norfolk, between the Rivers of Mildcnhall and Brandon, within Bedford Level, 33 Geo. 2. e. 32.

for other Matters, see £ii)at'(l)c3.

bctlsu See Upholders.

Bcccfj ©iftlqt!. See Fuel.

Bees.

1. What Price it must be at when exported, 12 Car. 2. C 4.

§ II ‘

Beef importedhow seizable, 18 Car. 2. C 2. 20 Car. 2. C 7,

§ 3-

3. Ships importing it forfeited, 20 Car. 2. C 7, § 5, fsv.

4. Persons neglecting to seize forfeit 10ol. and those conspiring to' evade Seizures, incur a Pramunire, 20 Car. 2. C 7. § +>

5. Any Perfbn may export it, z2 Car. 2. C 13. § 4.

6. And to Alien Friends Duty free, 3 (ft 4 W, fif M. C 8.

7. What Allowance on failed Bees exported, 3 Geo. 2, C 20. § 16. s Geo. 2. C 6. § 4.

Beet nnu sue,

1. Prices of Ale, 51 H. 3. ft. 6. § 3.

2. Assize of Ale shall be according to Price of Corn, Or din, for Bakers, Cjf C Temp. H. 3. and Ed. 1 fe' 2,

3. Beer shall not be exported without giving Security to import

clap board, 35 H. 8. C 8. 35 El. C 11.

4. Penalty on brewing with corrupt Hops, 1 Ja. 1. C 18.

5. Beer may be exported when Malt does not exceed 16 s. the Quarter, importing clap board, 3 Ja. 1. C 11.

6. Penalty of selling Beer to unlicensed ale houses. 4 Ja. 1.

7. May

C

Beet anti aic.

7. May be sold at higher Prices than formerly, 22 & 23 Car. 2.

C 5. § 12. 1 IV & M. C 24, § 8.

8. A temporary Permilfion to export Beer and Ale, 22 (st 23 Car. 2. C 13.

9. Beer, Ale, Cyder and Mum may be exported with a Drawback of the Excise, 1 IV if M. C 22.

10. Melalfes not to be used in brewing, 1 It'. if M, C 24. §17.

11. Beer and Ale to be sold in sealed Measures, 11 & 12 IV 3,

'S'.,

12. Saving of the Pvights of the Universities, 11 if 12 IV 3. C 15. § to. 12 Cf *3 tv. 3. C 11, § 19.

13. Melalfes and other unwholesome Ingredients prohibited to be

used in brewing, 13 IV 3. C 5. 5 34- 1 ann.f, 2. C 3. 12

Ann. ft. 1. C 2. § 32.

14. Penalty of using Broom, Wormwood, ifc. 9 Ann. C 12. § 24. _

15. Additional Duty on Strong Beer and Ale, 1 Geo. 3. C 7, in part repealed by 2 Geo. 3. C 14.

16. Price of Strong Beer may be reasonably advanced without fubjedling Vendor to Prosecution, 2 Geo. 3. C 14.

12 Car. 2. C 23. § 2.

12 Car. 2. C 24- § 16-

4 tv. if M. C 3. § 2.

5 IV ism. C 20. § 10.

4 Ann. C 6. § 7.

8 Ann. C 7., § 1.

1 Geo. 3. C J., § 1.

12 Car. 2. c..23. § 3..

I 2 Car. 2. C 24. § 17.

4 tv. if M. C 3, § 2.

5 IV & M. C 20. § 10..

4 C 6. § 8.

8 Ann. C 7. § 1.

12 Ca. 2. r. 23. § 8.

12 Car. 2. C 24. § 22.

4 IV if M., C 3. § 2.

5 tv, if M. C 7. § 27.

5 tv. if M. C 20. § 10.

4 Ann. C 6. § I o.

jfor other Matters, see ©tel3kf5, (coopers, capctfe, d£>au.

gitig, Stamps, misualkrs,

beess shfu*. See Wax;.

Beggfll'g. See Vagrants... beljauiotlt. See Peace. bell^etai. See Metal. beitefitcc0. See Churches.

Benefit Of £letgy. See Clergy. 'Benevolences.

None to be charged with them, 1 R. 3. C 2, 1.3 Car. z. ft. I.

C 4.

Bengal. See Silks..

beilljutrl in Berkjhire.

The Remedy for the Inhabitants of the Hundred of Bevhurft to

s. d.

Earrels above six Shillings |

Say

And

And

And

And

And

And

Parrels of six Shillings or"

under, pay -- -- -- - J

And -- -- -- -• -- -- --

And -- -- -- -■ -- -- --

And -- -- -- -- -- -- --

And — -- -- -- -- -- -- *

And 1 -- -- -- -- -- -- -

Barrels imported pay — —

And -- -- -- -- -- -- - —

And -- -- -- -- — -- -- -

And -- -- -- -- - — —

And -- -- -- -- -- - —

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -

'Billingsgate.

levy Money recovered against them on the Statute of Hue and Cry, 39 El. C 25,

■ Bent.

The Penalty of cutting it,, 15 Geo. 2. C 33.

Betiufck.

1. Merchandises carried into, or brought out of Scotland, to be customed at Berwick or Carljle, 22 Ed. 4. C 8.

2. Freemen of Btrnjoick shall have the Farm of the Fisheries there,

22 Ed. 4. C 8. -- The Aft not to prejudice the Bishop of

. Durham, ibid.

3. Confirmation of a Charter granted to the Mayor and Burgesses,

1 Ja. 1. C 28.

4. Included in England, 20 Geo. 2. C 42. § 3.

For other Matters, See COJH 20. jlcatlpcr 25. sjptlttta 27. 4jlf)ojtttnric6 4.

Befofel. See Cofenage.

Beverly Beck.

How cleanfcd and deepened, 13 Geo. 1. C 4.

bevcr £oool.

To what Duties liable, 2 W. if M. fejf. 2. r. 4. § 38..

bcfouiy.

Made part of tforcejlerjhire, 34 if 33 H. 8. C 26. §116.

rare.

Tranfiated into the Welsh Tongue, 5 El. C 28.

'Bigamy.

1. Whether it oust a Man of Clergy, \ Ed. l.ft. 3. C 3. 1 Ed,.

6. C 1 z. § 16.

2. To be certified by the Ordinary, 18 Ed. 3.7?. 3. C 2.'

3. Causes of Bigamy to be in the king's Name, and teiled by the Arehbilhop, 1 Ed. 6. C 2. § 3.

See felonies toitljiu Clergp.

25igg*

What Premium to be allowed on its Exportation, 5 Ann, C 29. § 10.

'Billeting of Soltu'etjj. See Soldiers.. 'billetss. See Fuel.

Billingsgate.

1. Its Market to be open every Day (except Sundays) for all Sorts of Fish, 1 o if 11 W. 3. C 24. § 1,

2. Provisions against selling the same Fish there more than once,

10 if 11 W. 3. C 24. § 8. 9 Ann. C 26. § 3.

3 Market Hours at Billingsgate, 9 Ann. C z6. § 3.

4. And against Fiflimongers buying all the Fish, and dividing them into Lots, or buying for other Fifhmongcrs,, .10 it IF: 3. C 24. § 11, 1 z.

5. What Toll to be paid at Billingsgate, 1 o if 11 IT. 3. C 24,

§ 2, ifc,

6. Penalty of demanding Toll contrary to 3 El. C 5. 10 if 11

W. 3- Cm 24. §5.

For other Matters, see Coals 44. Jf if!).

Bill Of cjcceptiaiust See Exceptions.

2!3iU8

Mg of cjec&aitffe,

16i'fljop£

23fiig of e.tcljanffe anti p?omtflfo?p ji3oteg/

1. The)' need not be llamped, 5 & 6 W. 13 M. C 21. § 3. i

2. Inland Bills may be protelted for nonpayment, 9 W 10 IV

3. C 17. and for non acceptance, 3 & 4 Ann. C 9. § 4. 7 5 Anti. C 25.;

3. In what Case Drawer is obliged to give another Bill, 9 IB 10

Ti 3. r, 17. § 3. J

4. promiltory Notes assignable, 3 & 4 Ann. C 9. § 1.

5. Where Drawer excused from Payment of Colls or Interell,

3^4 Ann. C 9. § 5. ... f

6. Where Acceptance of a Bill of Exchange, in Satisfattion of a former Debt, shall be deemed Payment, 3b? 4 Ann. C 9. § 7.

7. Bills of Exchange how chargeable with Poll Duties, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 51, 52.

Bills of Fees, see ujttojm'es, Coals 38. felonies toitljout Clergp, Title Jfojgetp ana isobbetp, plantation);.

ibfttljg anti cfotfffenfnffsl

Penalty on erecting Offices of Inffirance of Births and chrillen ings, 10 Ann. C 26. § 109.

For other Matters, see ibegiftev,

'bffctu'tg* See Bread.'

2&fl)0p£.

r. Bishops, (Ac. need not attend the Sheriffs Turn, unless especially required, 52 H. 3. C 10.

2. None shall eat or lodge at their Houses without their Leave, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Edi. C 1.

3. The Order of presenting and elefling Bishops, St. Weftm. 1.

3 Ed. 1. C 5. 9 Ed. 2. C 14. 2; Ed. 3. ft. 6. § 3. 10, 11.2.

ft. 2. e. 2. 25 H. 8. C 20. § 4, tac.

4. Where Bishops are aided on Presentations during Vacancy of See, 13 Ed. ft. 1. C 5.

5. The King shall have the Escheat of their Tenants Lands for Felony during a Vacation, 17 Ed. 2. e. 14.

6. Their Temporaries not to be seized without ju 11 Cause, 1 Ed.

3. ft. 2. C 2. 14&/. 3.7?. 4. r. 3. 2; Ed. 3. ft. 3. C 6.

7. Writs directed to Biihops to accurfe Felons, (Ac. 9 Edo,.

8. How a biffiop's Temporalties shall be used and let during a Vacation, 14 Ed. 3. C 4 (A 5.

9. Contempts on Writs of Ehiare non admifet to be punished by Fine only, 25 Ed. 3. ft. 3. C 6.

10. Bishops shall not fequeller the Fruits of Benefices given to Aliens, 3 R. 2. C 3.'$ z.

11. Bishops how to be elected, 2; H. 8. C 20. § 4.

12. To take Rellitution of spiritual and temporal profits from the King, 23 H. 8. C zo. § 6.

13. For the Nomination and Cocfecration of Suffragans, 26 H. 8. C 14.

14. Authority of Suffragans to be limited by Bishops, 26 H. 8. r. 14. § 6.

15. Suffragans may hold two Benefices, 26 H. 8. C 14. § 8.

)6. The King impowercd to make Bishops by Letters Patent, 31 H. 8. C 9.

17. Bishops discharged from levying of Tenths, 32 H. 8. C 22.

18. The Chapter of Litehfteld shall be the Chapter of the Brlhop of Litchfield and Coventry, 33 H. 8. C 30.

19. The Djocefes of Chester and Man added to the Province of York, 33 H. 8. C 31.

20. The Dean and Chapter of Wells shall be the Chapter of the Biffiop of Bath and Wells, 34 (A 33 H. 8. C 13-.

2t. The five new erefled Bishops to pay their Tenths, (Ac. 34 If 35 H. 8. C 17.

2z. All Bishops to be appointed by the Kin?, 1 Ed. 6. C 2.

23. A Method of making Bishops to be devised by 12 Persons,

3 C 4 Ed. 6. C 12.

24. The Bishopric of Durham re ellablilhed, 1 Mar. ft. 3, C 3.

23. The Queen empowered to take Lands of vacant Bilhopricks in exchange for Impropriations, (Ac. 1 El. C 19.

26. Alienations by Bishops made void, 1 El. C 19. § 5.

27. The Manner of eledting and consecrating Bishops, confirmed, 8 EL C 1.

28. Their Remedy for Dilapidation, againll predcctfforv at fignee by Fraud, 13 El. C 10. § 2.

29. Secret Appeals, 1 (Ac. of deprived Bishops, 39el. C 8.

30. Ellablilhment of the Bishoprick'of Norwich againll a concealed Title, 39 EL C 22.

31. Bishops disabled from conveying their Lands to the Crown, I Ja. t. C 3.

32. Ordinary Jurisdiction of Bishops, (Ac. rellored, 13 Car.. 2.

ft. I • C 12. § I.

For other Matters, fie ©aftard 2. colltclliptf. 2. Cuftc3= irotulojutu 4. ©cclcfiaflual Courts 1, 69, 72, (Ac. Cfcljcat 4, (Ac. ©icftictt of ®ifi)opo, ©jecomnwmca= ttoit to, (Ac. jfftft fvuite, $?ofpi'talo 1. Jtelants, ileafcs 6, 15, (Ac. damages, sdjbttiattoti, l$?cmu» nitre, fjjobatc of cotlls, iscceibcrs 7. isccufants to, (Ac. irome 5. jaierbtccs 6, 8, .(Ac. <3utears, (Ac. 17. Klafte.

Slacks anu islacft 9 Geo• e. 2 2.

lean. See Lead, Mines.

tbuuk sal.

Carrying it where Felony, 43 El. C 1 3. § 2..

qslacfcitrp Ipatociu See Fish. ‘blacfcttiefl.

1. Cloth sealed mull not be searched in Blackwell Hall Market, during the Time of such Market, 4 (A 5 Pb. if M. C 3. § 26.

2. Clothes brought to London to be sold, shall be brought into Blackwell Hall to be searched dry, 39 El. C 20. § 1 2.

3. The Market at Blackwell Hall rellored and regulated, 8 (A 9

W. 3, C 9..

4. Buyer how to give Notice to the Seller of wetting the Cloth, 1 Geo. \. ft. 2. C 15. § 4.

3. And in what Case the Buyer may prove the Cloth in the ab fence of the Seller, 1 Geo. \. ft. 2, C 1 5. § 4.

6. The Keeper of Blackwell Hall how to ascertain and certify the Measure, 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 15. §4.

7. Certificate to be the Rule of Payment to the Buyer, 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 15. §4.

8. A Table for measuring Medley Broad Cloth, how provided,. 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 15. § 3.

For other Matters, see Djapctp,

23{ant!f02U jfojliul in Dorfeljhire.

For rebuilding the Town, 3 Geo. 2. C 16.

‘blanliete anu Coucilcts.

May be made in any Place where they were used to be made, 4 j 1. C 1. § 16.

anti ipiopfjancncfg*

What to be deemed Blasphemy, and how punishable, 3 fa. 1.

'r. 21. 9 (A 10iv. 3. C 32. 1 r

oslcnfjcim 'lpotsfe.

1. The Honour of Woodstock granted to the Duke of Marllcreuyls, in Reward of the Victory at Blenheim, and a Pension of 5000/. per Ann. out of the Poll office, settled on his Family, 3 £3 4 Ann, C 6. 5 Ann, C 3 & C 4.

s C 2 2. nor.e

2. None shall have Power to bar the Limitations, 5 Ann. C 3.

§ 5. 5 Ann. C 4. § 4.

3. Built at the Expense of the Crown, r Geo. fl. 2. C 12. § 34.

imoomgtmrp^arfcet

The Minister of the new Church there how provided for, 3 Geo.

obulbbct* See Whale.

23ont0. See Watermen.

Xoclunry. See Braintree.

n5otflct*j3 mto plllcfog. See Upholders.

15ona i)3otaluiia. See Wills, Probate of Wills 4.

oi3oud0 See Obligations.

lbone=lncc.

1. Foreign Bone Lace not to be imported, 13 if 14 Car. 2. C 1 3.

2. May be exported free to Scotland, Ireland or the Plantation 1 if 32 IV 3. C 3. § 15.

3. Prohibition of importing Bone lace repealed, e, Ann. C 17.

4. Manufactures excused from the Duty upon Hawkers and Pedlars, 4 Geo. 1 C 6. •

For other Matters, see iujjatlttfaftuvcs,

'Boofcg.

1. All Foreigners allowed to import and sell Books, 1 R. 3. C 9.

§ 1 2. Repealed by 2; H. 8. C 15.

2. Importing of Bound Books for Sale prohibited, 25 H. 8. C 15.

3. The Prices of Books to be regulated by the Lord Chancellor,

Treasurer and Chief Justices, 25 H. 8. C 15. § 4. 8 Ann. C

19. § 4. Repealed by 1 2 Geo. 2. C 36. § 3. t

4. The importing, buying and selling of Popish Books prohibited, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. § 2;.

5. For regulating and licensing the Press, 13 if 14 Car. 2. C 33.

16 Car. 2. C 8. 16 £5? 17 Car. 2. C 7. 17 Car. 2. C 4.

6. Three Copies of every new Book to be reserved for the king's Library and the two Universities, 17 Car. 2. C 4. § 2.

7. The Right of Copy prefeived to the Authors, 8 Ann. C 19.

8. Nine Copies of new Books to be reserved, 8 Ann. C 19. \ 3.

• - - Saving of the Rights of theuniverfities, % Ann. C ig. § g.

9. Pamphlets required to be printed with the Name of the true Publiiher, 10 Ann. C 19. § 113.

10. A Duty of 30 percent, on Books and Prints imported, 10 Ann. C 19. § 33- Taken off 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 5.

.11. Duty on Books fixed at 14 s. per hundred Weight, 9 Geo. 1. r. 19. § 6.

12. The Property of an Edition of Thuanus's History secured for 14 Years, 7 Geo. 2. C 24.

13. Property of engraved Prints secured, 8 Geo. 2. C 13.

14. Prohibition of importing Books printed Abroad, which were

originally printed in Great Britain, 12 Geo. 2. C 36. 20 Geo.

2. C 47. 27 Geo. 2. C 18.

15. The Property of Byrom's shorthand secured, 15 Geo. 2. C 23.

j6. The Duties imposed by 12 Ann. made perpetual by 6 Geo. 1. C 4. and part subscribed to the South Sea Company, and part mortgaged to the Bank.

17. Paper Duty on Books printed in the Universities how to be repaid, 10 Ann. r. 19. § 63. 32 Geo. 2. r. 10. § 6.

For other Matters, feehjecufaius 32, js>tmu|ls,

gmpctftttious jujoohs, Cilales.

, Gfc.

03oo& of irntesj, 12 Car. 2. C 4. § 6.

anmnoiuil jook. of jratcg, u Geo. i. C 7.

§ 2;

srootljs.

1. Robbery in them where oulled of Clergy, j 6 Ed. 6. C g.

§ 5*

2. Owners how taxable, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 121, 122.

Of ©cotlmtu. See Northumberland. ^ougjjss. See Corporations.

23otai*go o Catient,

May be imported, 10 if 11 W. 3. C 24. § 14.

- 25ottomit See Insurance.

'Boultcl jrcum,

To what Duties liable, 4 IV if M. C 3. §. 2.

Gottis? aim 'botidffabcsu

1. Four bow staves shall be imported with, every Tonne of Merchandise from Venice, 12 Ed. 4. C 2.

2. Ten Bows for every Butt of Malmefey, 1 R. C 11. 6 AL.

C 11. 13 El. C 14.

3. Archery to be used by all able Men, 17 Ed. 4. C 3.

4. The Price of Bows limited, 22 Ed. 4. C 4. 3 H. 7. r-13.

33 H. 8. C 9. 8 El. C 10.

3. bow staves discharged of Custom, 19 II 7. C 2.

6. Shooting in Cross bows by those who have not 200 Marks

Land, prohibited, 19/4.7. C 4. 3 H. 8. C 13. 6 H. 8. C 13.

14 if 1s FI. 8. C 7.

7. cross bows and hand guns prohibited, 25 H. 8. C 17. 33

H. 8. C 6.

8. Shooting Hail shot, ifc. prohibited, 2 if 3 Ed. 6. C 14. Repealed by 6 if 7 W. 3. C 13. § 3.

9. Every Bowyer in London, ifc. shall keep fifty Bows of Elm, ifc. 8 El. C 10.

to. Strangers bringing Wares from the East, to bring Bows, 13 ' El. C 14.

See let

0501: 3H0£m. See Wood. ooiacclofgi* See Necklaces. 13?amtrec aim 05ockins in Efjex.

Misdemeanours of Spinners there how punished, 7 Ja. i.e.f, §4

05?aimp, Arrack aim ottjci* spirits?.

1. The Excise upon Brandy settled, 22 Car. z. C 4, 9 if 10

TV. 3. C 21? § 27. 6 Geo. 2. C 17.

2. Duties upon Low Wines, 2 IV if m.f. 2. C 9. 12^13

IV 3. r. II 4 Ann. C 2. § 2. 1 Geo. 2. C 16.

3. Allowance of Exportation of Malt Spirits, 2 IV if M, Jl, 2.

C 9. § 6. 12 if 13 W. 3. C 11. § 7.

4. Excise upon Guertfey Brandy, 2 //'. I, fl. 2. C 9. § 12.

5. Penalty on Distillers concealing Spirits, 3 IV if M. C 15.

6. Duties on Brandy how to be levied, 4. IV if M. C 3. § 5.

7. Imported in Vessels of less than 60 Gallons forfeited, 4 II if M. C 5. § 8.

8. Repeal

^jantip, t$c.

os?ahti?, C

8. Repeal of the Prohibition of importing foreign Brandy, 5 W.

(AM. C 2. § 5.

9. Low Wines to be drawn from Drink unmixed, 7 8 W. 3.

f. 30. § 7.

10. Distilled Liquors not to be retailed without Licence, 12 y

13 IV 3. C 11. § 18. 2 Geo; 2. r. 28. § io.

11. Brandy, (Ac. imported in Ships under 15 Tonnes Burden forfeited, i2tsf 13 gt 3. C 11. § 20, 5 Geo. 1. C 11.

12. Distillers permitted to retail Brandy without Licence, I Atm.

fi.l.c.ltf.

13. Brandy unduly imported forfeited, 1 Ann. j1. 2. C 14. § 2.

14. Regulations for securing the Duties upon Spirits, 4 Ann. C

12. §4

15. All Persons permitted to diflil Brandy from British Malt or Cyder, 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 3. § 9.

16. Ldlto Wines not to be carried coastwise without a Certificate, 3 Geo. 1. C 4. § 17.

17. Rum not to be imported in Casks under 20 Gallons, 5 Geo.

1. C I 1. §2. 27 Geo. 2. C 18. § 4.

18. All Dealers in Brandy, (Ac. to enter their Warehouses, (Ac. 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 11.

19. Brandy, not to be imported in Ships less than 30 Tonne, 6 Geo. 1. C 21, § 29. not in Ships less than 40 Tonne, 8 Gre. 2, r. 18.

20. Foreign Brandy to be kept separate from British, 8 Geo. 1 -

C 1 S. § LI

21. Foreign Brandy not to be received without a Permit, 8 Geo.

1. C 18. § 13.

22. Foreign exciseable Liquors may be seized by any Officer of the Customs or Excise, 8 Geo. 1. e. 18. § 24.

23. Where Brandy may be sold, 11 Geo. I. C 30.

24. A Duty on Spirits and on Retailers Licences, 2 Geo. 2. C 17.

23- Retailers to be licensed as alehouse keepers, 2 Geo. 2. C 28. § 10.

26. Excise on foreign Brandy, 6 Geo. 2. C 17, § 3.

27. Not to alter Duties on Plantation Spirits, 6 Geo. 2. e. 17.

§ 9-

28. Penalties on hawking Brandy, (Ac. 6 Geo. 2. C 17. § II

29. Duty on Arrack ascertained, 7 Geo. 2. C 14.

30. Duties on Retailers of Brandy, (Ac. 9 Geo. 2. C 23, 10

Geo. 2. C 17. § 8. Made Part of the aggregate Fund, 9 Geo.

2, C 23. §17.

31. Aqua Vitas in Scotland excepted, 9 Geo. 2. r. 23. $ 22. 24

Gr«. 2. C 40. § 26.

32. Wages not to be paid in Spirits, 9 Geo. 2. C 23. §11.

33. Where Brandy offered to Sale may be flopped, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. §20. _

34. Brandy in small Parcels in hovering Ships forfeited, 9 Geo. 2. C 33. § 22.

35. Where Persons unable to pay Penalties may be whipped, to Geo. 2. C 17, § 9.

36. Occupiers of Houses where Brandy, (Ac. is retailed, deemed Retailers, 11 Geo. 2. C 26.

37. Rescuing unlawful Retailers of Brandy, (Ac. or assaulting Informers, Transportation, 11 Geo. 2. C 26. § 2.

38. Hawkers of Brandy, (Ac. may be apprehended by any Persons, 1 1 Geo. 2. C 26. § 5.

39. Rum of the British Plantations may be landed and warehoused before Payment of the Excise, 13 Geo. 2. C 25. Continued by 4 Geo. 3. C 12.

40. Duties on Retailers of Brandy, (Ac. altered, 16 Geo. 2. C 8.

41. Penalty on retailing without Licence, 16 Gto. 2. C 8. § 9. 24 Gee. 2. C 40. § 9.

42. Retailers of Malt Spirits in Scotland excepted, 16 Geo. 2. C 8. § 13.

43. Penalties to be regulated by the Laws of Excise, 17 Geo. 2. C 17. $ 16.

44. Offenders to be whipped in the Houle of Correflion, 17 Geo. 2. r. 17. § 17.

45. Additional Duty on distilled Spirituous Liquors, 19 Geo. 2.

C 12. § 24. 24 Geo. 2. C 40.

46. Melaffes Spirits excepted, 19 Geo. 2.. C 12. § 27,

47. Duty oil Distillers for Retail Licences, 20 Geo. 2. c..39.

48. Penalty on tippling in Distillers Shops, 20 Geo. 2. C 39. § 4,.

49. Duty of or. yearly on Licences to retail, 24 Gee. 2. C 40. h 5-

50. Debts for Spirituous Liquors under 201. not to be recovered, 24 Geo. 2, C 40. § 12.

51. Spirituous Liquors not to be retailed in Gaols,. Workhouses, (Ac. 24 Geo. 2. C 40. § 1 3.

52. Regulations for preventing Frauds in Distillers.. Geo. 2* C 40. § 18, (Ac. — Afieinbling to refeue Offenders Felony, ibid.

% 28.

53. Distillers, (Ac. where not to at as Justices, 24 Geo. 2. C 40,

§ 22. 26 Geo. 2. C 13. § 12.

54. Penalties of 10/. on Retailers not be mitigated below 5 A 26 Geo. 2. C I 3.. § 9-

53. Licences to retail may be granted where the Houses are not rated to Church and Poor, 26 Gcs, 2. C 13. § 10.

56. The Duty of 20r. per Tonne on Brandy, (Ac., made Part of the Aggregate Fund, by 9 Geo. 2. C 23. declared to have Continuance, 27 Geo. 2. C 11. § 3.

37. No Spirituous Liquors imported in Casks of less than 60 Gallons to be entered for Exportation, 28 Geo. 2. C 21.

58. The making of Low Wines from Wheat, (Ac. prohibited, 30 Geo. 2. C 10.

39. Foreign exciseable Liquors when to be entered, 31 Geo. 2. C 36. § 3. — Plantation Rum excepted, § 6.

60. New Duty on Spirits, 33 Geo. 2. C 9.

61. If Price of Wheat exceed 48 s. King may prohibit making of Spirits, 33 Geo. 2. C 9. § 5.

62. Penalty of using above the due Quantity of Wheat, 33 Geo.

2. C 9. § 15.

63. Duties on.plantation Rum, (Ac. repaid on Exportation, 33. Geo. 2. C 28.

64. Additional Drawback on British Melaffes Spirits exported, -33 Geo. 2. C 28. § 13.

63, Additional Duties on Spirituous Liquors, 2 Geo. 3. C 5.

Single Brandy, Spirits, or Aqua Vita.

Ciaufes charging every 11, s. d. Gallon of Brandy >004 imported with — J

And ■ 004

And -- -- - - • o .0 6

And -- -- - — - 006

And ■■■ — 020

And -- -- -- -- -- -- o 1 o

And — — -- -- -- -- o 1 o

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 006

Double Brandy..

Spirits, or Aqua Vita, /» s % dt, 1

O O 4 12 Car. 2. C 23.

0 0 4 § n. 12 Car. 2. C 24.

0 I 0 § 25. 4 (A 3 W. (A M.

0 I 0 C 3. § 2. 5 (A 6 IV (A M.

0 4. 0 C 20. tj 10. 4 Ann. C 6. § 12.

0 2. 0 (A 13. 6 Gee. 2. C 17. § 3.

O 2 0 33 Geo. 2. r. 9. § 1.

O I 0 2 Geo. 3. C 5. § I.

062

on 8

And every Gallon of

Spirits made with (

Wine and Cyder \° ° 2 ■ 1002

imported with — -*

12 Car.. 2. C 23. § 10.

1 2 Car. 2. r. 24. § 24, 8 Ann. C 7. $ 1.

And

006

/. /. d.

And every Gallon of) Strong Waters or Aqua vtt<s home made with —

And -- -- --

And -- -- --

o o I O O I

Jo O 1

-013

003

For every Gallon of n Low Wines or Spi / tits, if from foreign >0 o 4 Materials, or anyk Mixture therewith y

And -- -- -- -

And -- -- -- -- -

And -- -- -- -

12 Car. 2. C 23. § 7. 12 Car. 2. C 24 § 21. 8 Ann. C 7. § 1.

33 Geo. 2. C 9. § 2.

2 Geo. 3. < .'5. § 2.

12 b 13 IV 3. C n. § 2,

002 o 1 3

o o t

If from Drink brewed? of malted Corn j

And -- -- -- -- -- 005

And -- -- -- -- - o o 1

Iffrom brewerswafh 1 or Tilts, or any >0 o 1 Mixture therewith >

And -- -- -- -- - 005

And ■ ■■ - ■ ■ — o o 1

]ffrom any othereag 1

list Materials, oro o i j Mixture therewith J If from Cyder or any » other britijhl'azvs f rials, except thofev ^,,

before mentioned, }''?

or any mixture'"v therewith -- -- -- J

4 Ann C 12. § 2.

33 Geo. 2. r. §4. 003.2 Geo. 3, C 5. § 4,

12 b 13 3. e. II § 3;

33 Gi 3* r 9 § 2-2 Ges. 3. r. 5. § 2.

And

00 1:

For every Gallon of]

Spirits from any so 1 reign or imported ^>0 o 8 Materials, or any '

Mixture therewith.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 003

For every Gallon ofl Spirits fromcyder / or any britiftma v*o t IJ. terials except those \

. mentioned J.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 002

12 b 13 IV 3. r. 11. § 4,

33 Geo. 2. e. 9. § 2.

2 Gee. 3. e. 5. § 2.

12 b 13 W. 3. e. 11. % 3,

33 Gee. 2. a. § 6.

2 Gaa. 3. a. 5. § 6. 33 Gee. 2. a, 9. § 5. 2 Geo. 3. e. 5. § 5.

33 Geo. 2. a. g. § 7.

2 Geo. 3. r. 5. § 7.

Far other Matters, see uud)0ufcs 22. utlttluitl'cs 43, be.

3>!pott)ccartcs 3. Sobers 16. cljurcbtoar&cns 5 Coffee 12, (Ac. Cuftotns, jdtoulers, Cxctfe, 45aiu rging, £>ljtps 63, 67, be.

Bjafieitf.

j. Their Weights and the Goodness of their Metal limited, 19 h.j.c.6. i'h.&.c. q. 33 H. 8. C 4.

2. Exportation of Brass, be. prohibited, 21 H. 8. e.io. 33 H.

8. C 7. z b 3 •el/. 6. a. 37. Tin and Lead excepted, 33 H.

8. C 7. § 2. z EA 6. C 37. § 2.

3. Penalty of using false Weights, 1 9 H. 7. e. 6. § 4.

4. If Offenders unable to pay, to be fet in the Stocks and Pillory, 19 II 7. C 6. § 4.

5. Penalty of refilling a Search, 33 H. 8. C 4. § 8.

6. The Arrival and Oelivery of Metals to be.tried in the County where lhipped, 33 H. 8. C 7. § 3.

7. Tinkers'to be licensed by the Justices, 3 b6 Ed. 6. C 21.

8. Duties on wrought Brass imparted, 4 W. b M. C 5. § z.

9. Foreign Copper prohibited to be exported, 5 W. b M. C 17. Permitted 9 b 10 IV 3. e. 26. § 19.

10. Penalty of seducing Artificers in Brass, be. 5 Gee. 1. e. 27. For other Makers, see Copper, jfcious, be. 32. isj)etal 1.

psiotevevs, Cut, sluce 5.

cshfce anti c^eatk See Wire. 'Biafen ililofe College See Stepney.

''Bjeati.

1. The Assise of the several Sorts according to the Price of Corn, A ft fa Pan, be. 5 t H. 3 Jl. 1. Ord. pro Pijlor. incerti temp. e. t. Vol. 1. 186.

2. The Penalties of offending against the Assise, Judic. Filler. 51 H. 3. Jl. 6. Ord. pro Pijlor. e, z, Vol. 1. 186.

3. The Assise of Bread regulated, 8 Ann. C 18. 1 Geo. 1. e. 26.

§ 5, be. Extended to Scotland, 12 Geo. z. C 13. ^ 2.

4. Penalty on selling at a higher Price than is fet by the Lord' Mayor, be. 3 Geo. 2. e. 29. § 2.

5. Bakers Marks to be seton their Bread. 22 Geo. 2. e. $6. § 2r.

6. New Regulations concerning the Assise of Bread, and to prevent Adulteration, 31 Geo. 2. C zg.

7. Saving of the Rights of the Universities, 31 Geo. 2. e. 29. § 43.

8. How Penalties not appropriated by 31 Geo. 2. C z9. shall be distributed, 32 Geo. 2. e. 18.

9. Farther Regulations concerning Assise of Bread, and to prevent Adulteration, 3 Geo. 3, C 6 and 11.

See Certiojari 43. frills 3.

Banket of Leagues? anu Ccueejs,

See Safe Conduit and Truce Breakers. •breaking. See Prison.

'Bjetueeg*

1. The Assise of Ueer to be kept by them, afttfapan. be. 31'-

h.^.jl.u

2. Penalties of offending against the Assise, Judic. piuor. 31 H.

3 A 6.

3. Shall not use the Trade of a Cooper, 23 H. 8. C 4.

4. May keep Coopers in their Houses, 23 H. 8. C 4. § 10b 12,

5. The Prices of Beer and Ale shall be afteffcd by the Justices, 23 PI. 8. C § 3.

6. Brewers may be charged for Worts missing, 1 TV. b M. Jl, t.

C 2\. § 6.

7. Private Persons prohibited to brew, where there is a common Brewhouse, 3 TV. b M. C 1.

8. Melafles, be. not to be used by common Brewers, iobti

IV 3, C zl. § 34. 12 Ann. ji. 1. e. z. § 32.

9. Brewers, be. where not to add as Justices, 24 Geo. 2. e. 40. §22. z6 Gee. 2. e. 13. § 12.

Eer Matters, fe 51lie, be. 7, be. ohjcct", be. 13.

Coopers 1. Ccclcfiafttcal f terfons 43. Cycife, au gins, Hops, «hjdftual6.

See Customs 141, C Excise 55, C Juries 53, Gfc. Parliament 78, 81, g?c, Universities 6, V Wool 63, V

Bricks? anti Cfleg*

1. To what Duties Tiles are liable, 4 IV b M. C 3. § 2.

2. How to be made in London, be. 17 E 4, e. 4. 12 Geo. 1.

C 33. '3 Geo. 2. C 22.

3. Proprietors how obliged to take off' the Soil, when any Ground is dug up for making of Bricks, 2 Geo. 2. e. 15. § 3.

4. What Quantity of Bricks may be carried at one Load in London, 6 Geo. 1. e. 6. '

5. Bricks and Tiles may be carried as Ballad, 6 Geo. 1. C 29.

§ 20.

■jsjfdscs.

1. None shall be dillrained to make Bridges but such, Cfc. M, C 9h 3. e. 15.

2. Rochester Bridge, 9, tl.^.ft. 1. C 12. 1 Ann. ft. t.c. 18. § 14.

3. At Burfrd and Culbamjord near Abingdon, 9 H. 3.7?. 2. C 11. 8 H. 6. c.-28.

4. The Lord Chancellor to appoint Receivers of the Tolls of Stones Bridge, 1 H. 8. C 9.

5.. The Justices to make Rates for the Repairs of Bridges, and to inquire of Annoyances, 22 H, 8. 0. 5. 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 18.

6. Wardens of Rochester Bridge to be elected, 18 El. C 17. I ann..ft. I. r. 18. § 14,

7. The Inhabitants of Gloucester and Monmoutbjhire shall repair

Chepftow Bridge, 18 £/. C t8. 3 jfa. 1. C 23.

8. For amending Bridges and Highways near Oxford, 18 El. C

20. 3 3 El. C 7. § 26.

9. For repairing Cardiff Bridge, 23 El. C 11. Repealed by 1 ann.jl. 1. C L 10.

10. For repairing Rochester Bridge, 27 El. C 25,

11. For Newport and Car lion Bridges in monmouthf/ire^. 39 El. C 23.

12. For erecting a Bridge at Wilton in Herefrdshire, 39 EL C 24.

13. For repairing Edon Bridge and Preftbeck Bridge in Cumberland, 43 El. C 16.

14. For repairing the. Bridge at Upton, upon Severn, 3 fa. 1. e. 24.

15. For the Repair of Highways and Bridges, 22 Car. 2. C 12.

16. For building Bridges in Cheshire and Lancajkire, 22 Car. 2. C 12. § 13.

17. Bridges in the County of Blohmoulh, 22 Car. 2. C 12. § 14.

18. For repairing the Bridge at Bridgewater, 10 W. 3. C 12.

19. Justices may make Rates for Repair of Badges, C 1 Ann.

ft. 1. C 18.

20. Preferments for.not repairing Bridges, not to be removed by Certiorari, j Ann. ft. 1. f. 18. § 3. — Inhabitants to be wit nelles, ibid. § 13.

21. For building Stanford Bridge in Yorhjhire, 11 Geo. I. C ic.

22. For building Fulham Bridge, 12 Geo. I, C 36. 1 Geo. 2.

C 18.

23. For repairing Windsor Bridge, 9 Geo. 2. C 13.

24. For building Westminster Bridge, 9 Geo. 2. C 29. to Geo. 2.

C 16. 11 Geo. 2. C 25. 12 Geo. 2. C 33. 13 Gec, z. C 16.

14 Geo. 2. C 40. 15 Geo. 2. C 26. ip Geo. 2, C 32. isgfc.

2. C 29.

25. For repairing the Bridge at Lanark, 10 Geo. 1. C 20.

26. No Money to be expended in the Repair of Bridges without the Presentment of the Grand Jury, 12 G, o. 2. C 29. § 13.

27. For maintaining stares Bridge, 13 Geo. 2. C 23.

28. Justices of Peace may purchase adjoining Grounds for en larging Bridges, 14 Geo. 2. C 33.

29. For building a Bridge at Dorcbefter, 19 Geo. 2. C 24.

30. For building a Bridge at Sbepperton on the: Thames, 20 Geo. 2. C 22.

31. For building a Bridge on the thames at Hampton Court, 23 Geo. 2. C 37.

32. For building a Bridge over the Ribble, 2±geo. 2. C 36.

33. For building a Bridge at Sandwich, 28 g10. 2. C 35.

34. For Building a Bridge cross thej yye, 29 Geo. 2. C 73.

35. For building a Bridge oofs the Thames at Blackfriars in London, 29 Geo. 2. C 86.

36. For building a Bridge over the Lea at Jeremy's Ferry, 30 Geo. 2. C 513.

37. For building a Bridge over the Thames at Old Brentford, 30 Geo. 2. C 63.

38. For widening London Bridge, 29 Geo. 2. C 40. — Destroying the Bridge Felony, ibid. §6.

39'. City to make good the Poor Rate and Land Tax, 29 Geo. 2. C 4q, § 19.

40, Fifteen thousand Pounds granted for rebuilding London Bridge, 31 Geo. 2. C 20. — Wilful Damaging Bridge Death, ibid. § 6.

41., For enlarging and improving the Northeast Avenue of i.cn don Eridge, 2 Geo. 3. C 30.

For other Matters, see cccttojati, 18, 39. cfnquc f0cjts 3.

Countp Bates t, Cfc. jfclonfes toitljtti anb ttritljout Clergp, ^igljtoai's, 12.

xjfaungtolij alias xlttifltstotu

Its Piers how repaired, 8 & 9 W. C 29. i.gee. 1 .ft. 2. C 49,

5 Geo. 1. C to. 7 Geo. 1. ft. 1. C i6. 26 Geo. 2. C to.

03?t$po?t»

Its Haven and Piers how restored, (Ac. 8 Geo. I. C 11..

For other Blatters, see Cables I.

1. charity money how collected, and Abuses in Relation to such' Charities prevented, 4 Ann. C 14.

2. Penalty of Pillory, ifc. for counterfeiting Stamp, 4 c5" 3 Ann. r. 14. § 3.

3. Undertakers to account before a Mailer in Chancery, 4 Ann. r. 14. § 4.

1. May be imported, 16 Car. 1. rv?t.

•2. To what Duties liable, 2 W. & m.fff. 2. C 4. § 51..

To what Duties liable, 4 IV cif M. C 3. § zt.

05? moi.

1. Silver how to be touched and marked in Bristol, Chester, Exeter, neivcaft/e upon Tyne, Norwich and York, isc. 2 H. 6. C 14,.

12 Is' 13 W. 3. C 4..

2. The underfheriff, (sc. of Bristol hall continue in Office in like Manner as in London, 6 H. 8. C 18.

3. Penalty on calling Ballast in Kingrod Road, C leading to Bristol, 34^35 H. 8. r. 9. § 2.

4. Corn shipped in the Severn, to be brought to Bristol' ' £s' 35.:

H. 8. C 9.

3. In what Cases Bristol Merchants may use Strangers Bottoms,. 1 El. C 13. § 3.

6. The .Streets of Bristol how cleansed, paved, lightered and

watched, it IA 12 W. 3. C 23. 22 Geo. 2. C 20. 28 Geo. 2.

C 32. 29 Geo. 2. C 47.

7. Brokers in Bristol how admitted and regulated, 3 Geo. 2. C $1.

For other Matters, see oit) ant) jsitfcr,

05?oati Sttroto,

1. Penalty on Persons other than the Surveyor marking Pine trees in the Colonies of New Hampshire, 13c. g Ann. C <7.

2. And on such as have Naval Stores in their Custody so marked,. 9 Geo. 1. C 8. § 3.

'Bjoati pieces?.

Counterfeiting them made fjigh Treason, 6 Geo. 2. C 26.

For other Blatters, see jsiflonc!'.,

■15?qfcets 0? ipatoimafeecisj antr dtljce

1. There shall be no Brokers in London but those who are admitted and sworn by the Mayor and Aldermen, St. CIV Lend.

13 Ed 5*

3- Sale,

'bjofcct#.

2. Sale, CC to a pawn broker, shall not alter the Property in London, ■ Ja. I. C zt.

3. Pawn brokers shall declare what Goods they have taken, 1 Ja.

1. C 21. § 7.,

4. Fees of Brokers, zi y<j. 1, e. 17. § 3. lz Ann. ft. 2. C 16.

§ 2-

5. Brokers not to buy and sell Bullion, 6 & 7 W. 3- C 17. § 7.

6. The Fees of Brokers in Stocks limited, 8 & q IF. 3. r. zo.

§ 60. 10 /*?;;. r. ig. § izt. — Colls for taking more, ibid.

7. Regulations for.brokers in London, S 9 W. 3. r. 32,

8. To be admitted by the Court of Aldermen, and pay 40/. yearly, 6 Ann. C 16. §4.

9. Penalty on Brokers selling Stock in prohibited Undertakings,

6 Geo. 1. C 13, § 21. — Extended to America, 14 Geo. 2. C 37.

10. Such Undertakings to be deemed public Nufances, and Offenders incurprremunire, 6 Geo. I. e. 18. § 19.

I I. Not to restrain the carrying on any home or foreign Trade in Partnership except as to Insurance, lye. 6 Geo. 1. C 18. § 25. iz. Not to prejudice South Sea Company, 6 Geo. 1. C 18. § z4, 7

13. Not to prejudice east-india Company, 6 Geo. 1. C 18, § 28.

14. Rellraints and Penalties on Stock jobbing, 7 Geo. 2. C 8. i 5. Brokers to enter all their Contrails, 7 Geo. 2. C 8. §9.

16. Penalty on Retailers of Spirituous Liquors taking a Pledge,

24 Geo. 2. C 40. 12.

17. Regulations of pawn brokers, 0, 0 Geo. 2. e. 24.

18. Penalty of pawning or taking in Pawn Goods without the Leave of the Owner, 30 Geo. 2. C 24. § 3 & 6.

19. Penalty of buying, C Linen or Apparel entrulled to wall, 30 Gto. 2. C 24. § 6.

20. Sufpeited Person offering Goods to Pawn may be detained, 30 Geo. 2. C 24. § 7.

21. pawn brokers House may be searched, 30 Geo. 2. C 24. § 9.

22. Goads pawned for small Sums may be recovered within two Years by Order of Justice of Peace, 30 Geo. 2, C 24. § 10.

23. Unredeemed for two Years may be sold, 30 Geo. 2. C 24.

24. pawn brokers trading in Gold and Silver to take out Licences, 32 Geo. 2. C 24. § 2.

For Brokers in Bristol, see 15fiflol,

For Other Matters, see ihjaufenipt 38. cdttlc 26.

©olb 24. flftfurp 58.

'Bronte unto ifui^e*

I Persons taking them away, how to be apprehended and punished, 15 Car. 2. C 2.

2. Heath, Furze, £sk. when not to be burnt, 4 Cf 5 W. & M. 0. 23. § 1.

3. Penalty of; Persons setting fire to Furze, c?r. 28 Geo. 2. C 19. §3

Bjomleg College,

Exempt from Taxes, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 22.

'b^gugljtgu in Lancashire.

The making of cog ware, iftc. here, how encouraged, 7 Ja. j. C 16.

'bluffttita. See Drugs.

(Hereditary Prince of Brunswick)

How naturalised, 4 Geo. 3. 04^5.

xttck(n0tjamflnre»

t, For repairing the Roads there, 9 Geo. 2. C t r. 13 Geo. 2. C 9*.

2. Power given to the Jullices to raise Money for paying the Debts contracted for building the Gaol, to Geo. 2. C 10.

'Bucfetnm#, Canton min 'Barra

1. No Cullom payable for Canvas to pack Wool in, 34 Ed. 3; r. 19.

2. Buckrams imported, to what Duties liable, 4 Wmft M. C 5,

§ 2.

3. Barras, Canvas and Buckrams, not chargeable with Duties granted by to Ann. 12 Ann. Jl. 2. C 19.

x*unt»3lftontu

A Duty of two Pcnies Scot upon Ale there, 6 Geo. u C 3, 20

cjtic'. 2o C 260

'Buff Oitoe#*

To what Duties liable, 4 IF. Iff M. C 5. § 2. 9 Ann. C r 1. t.

For other Matters, see 3leatl; Ct and Shirts,

'btlggcrp* See Felonies without Clergy.

'Bugle auto 'Bento#*

What Time allowed from the Entry for their Exportation, 2 3

Ann, C 9. § 13. 7 Geo. 1. ft. 1. C 21. § 10.

'Bm'ltotng#*

1. Diredlions for rebuilding the City of London, 19 Car. 2. C 3. 22 Car. 2. C II

2. What Party walls to be within the Bills of Mortality, 6 Ann.

C 31. § 4. 7 Ann. C 17. § 8.

3. New Buildings in London to be carried two Foot and a half above the Garret floor, and to have no Timber Corniih, 6 Ann. C 31. § 4.

4. Chimney jambs and Backs, of what Breadth and Thickness, C to be, 7 Ann. 0. 17. § 10.

5. Brick or stonework in the Fronts or Party walls, not to bear upon 7 imber, 7 Ann. C 17. § 12.

6. Door frame or Window frame of Wood, how near to be fet to the outside Face of the Wall, 7 Ann. C 17. § 13.

7. Penalty on Builders leaving their Work,; El. C 4. § 13. — — No new Buildings to be erected within three Miles of London. and Westminster, nor Inmates to be taken in, 35 El. C 6.

8. Notice to be given by Persons intending to pull down Party walls to the Owner of the next House, 11 Geo. I. C 28. §1.

9. Workmen to certify to the Quarter sessions that such Wall is defective, 11 Geo. I. C 28. § 1.

10. A Copy of the Certificate to be delivered to the Owner of the House adjoining, and in what Cases the firll Builder may enter and shore the same, and build up a new Party wall, ti

'Geo. I. C 28. § 2.

11. The Charges of such Building how to be recovered, 11 Gio I. C 28. § 2.

12. No Door case or Window to be in such Wall, 11 Geo. 1.

C 28. § 3. _ '

1 3. The firll Builder may pull down Timber Walls, and build a new Brick one, 11 Geo. 1. r. 28. § 4.

14. Penalty on a second Builder making use of the first builder's Party wall, 11 Geo. 1. C 28. § 7.

15. Water falling from Tops of Houses and Balconies how to be conveyed into Channels, 11 Geo. 1. C 28. § 5.

16. Builders neglecting 10 build according to the Statute, and afterwards making good the Defects, how exempt from Penalties, 11 Geo. 1. r. z8. § 8.

17. Directions for widening the Streets, C within the City of London, 33 Gio. 2. e. 30.

18. Party walls how to be built, ibid. $ 24.

19. The

btijtfatjl 'Butnfitij'. Btttfljets. Butter anti Cljeefc.

ig. The Expenee of Party walls, Hid, § 26.

20. Further Provisions for regulating Buildings and preventing Fires, 4 Geo. 3. C 14.,

For building on Commons, see ^fjjpjobcilieilt.

For other Matters, Jee Jffre3 jjuojtljamthotj.

obuiilom See Gold.

Bull. See Rome.

Butglatp anti @&opufting.

1. Where ousted of Clergy, 25 H. 8. C 3. § z, 3.

2. Clergy taken away from those who rob any Person in their

• Dwelling house or Booth, 5 (A 6 Ed. 6. C 9. 18 EL C 7.

3. From those that ileal Goods in a House, Shop, life, any Person being therein; or in a House, Shop, C to the Value of

5 s. 3 W. & M. C 9. ioy 11 TV. 3. C 33.

4. Reward for apprehending Housebreakers, 5 Ann. C 31.

5. Stealing to 40*. Value in any House, though it be not broke, and though no one be in it, ousted of Clergy, 12 Atm. ft. 1. C 7. § I. ■ And see 6 Geo. 1. C 23.

6. Felon breaking out of ahouse in the night guilty of Burglary, 12 Ann. 'jl. i C 7. § 3.

Fcr other Matters, see 3cpp?cl)etxt)erg Of ^fclolts, clo

nics toftfjout Cletgy,. Title 3ccc(fati>, Carbon 14.

Butfalg.

1. Forfeiture for a Popish Burial, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. § 15.

2. Sites of Churches to be demolished to be enclosed for Burial

places, 22 Car. 2. e. n. § 66. minister to'keep a Register

at Parish Charge, 30 Car. z. ft. 1. C 3. § 7.

3. Provisions for burying in Woollen, 18 Car. z. C 4. 30 Car. 2.

ft f • •

4. No Burials to be in newchurches, 10 Ann. C 11. § 31.

For other Matters, see <spf8dat>it 3. condjcg 11. wegtdcr I, Ac.

Burning

1. Burning Houses in Pursuance of incendiary Letters made High Treason, 8 H. 6. C 6.

2. Wilful burning of Houses where ousted of Clergy, 23 H. 8. C i.

3. Burning loaded Carts or Wood Piles, to be punished with treble Damages and 10/. Fine, 3 7//. 8. C 6. § 4.

4. Penalty of burning Heath, Ac. in Shernuood Forest, 5 Ann. C 14. §5.

5. The Hundred where answerable for the burning Houses, Ac. g Geo. 1. C 22. § 7.

6. Burning of Houses, Coal Mines, (Ac. excepted out of the general Pardon, zogeo.z. C 52. § 12, 24.

For other Matters, see 3]6joottl and 2, 3. ^felotltcs

toitljout Clergy, Title ascceffavy. Felonies teitl; ant toitfoout Clergy, Title burning' Jrire 5. ^atcljes 30. liojt&umbcrlanb 11.

s3utnfns in tfje Isanti See Clergy.

Cables how made there, 21 FI. 8. C 12.

Butroftifounefs.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 17 Geo. z. C 21.

Burp St. ocdmunti.

For eredling Workhouses and paving the Streets there, 21 Geo. 2. <. 21.

vol.ix. Tab.

Bufljcts. See Measures and Weights.

Butcljctg

1. Butchers selling unwholesome Meat to be punished, Ordin. pro. Piftor. incerti temp. C 7. Yol. 1. 187.

2. Shall not kill Beads in any Walled Town, or in Cambridge,

4 H. 7• c• 3-

3. Shall not kill Calves between the first of January and the first of May, 21 H. 8. C 8.

4. Prohibited to keep tan houses, 22 H. 8. C 6.

'5. Butchers Meat to be sold by the Pound, and the Prices limited, 24 f. 8. C 3. 25/7. 8. C 1. zjh.s.c.g.

6. May be sold by Weight or otherwise, 33 H. 8. C 11,

7. Butchers not to spoil Hides, 1 Ja. 1. C 22. § 2.

8. Not to kill Calves under five Weeks old, 1 Ja. 1. C zz. § 3.'

9. Shall not sell live fat Cattle, 3 A 4 Ed. 6. C 19. §3. 15

, Car. 2, C 8.

10. Within 1 o Miles of London not to sell fat Cattle alive or dead to one another, 5 Ann. C 34. § 2.

11. May fell dead Calves or Sheep, 7 Ann. C

12. Penalty on galhing Hides, 9 Ann. C 11. § 11.

For other Matters, see Cattle, Canterbury 1. jfotecau lets, lijolidays 14. 3lcatl)er, banner 7. ©tbtials.

Butler age.

1. The. king's Butler hall take h's Prifage by the View of gool

Men who hall attest it, St at. of Efreats, 16 Ed. 2. 43 Ed. 3.

<••3

2. thepenalty of his exceeding, 25 Ed. 3. ft. 5. C 21.

3. Persons inhabiting Cinque Ports, and others free of Prifage and Eutlerage, not to custom the Wines of others, 1 H. 8. C 5. § 6.

4. The Prifage of Wines Shall not be charged with the Payment of any Custom imposed by 12 Car. 2. C 4. § 15.

For other Matters, see cuftottts, ©hitlcs.

Butter antj Cljcefe.

1. May be exported to any Place, 3 H. 6. C 4. 18 H. 6. C 3.

2. The Weight of a Wey of Cheese, 9 H. 6. C 8,

3. Against regrating them, 3 A i^ed. 6. e. 21. 5 sf 6 Ed. 6.

C 14. Restrained to London, Ac. by 21 Ja, 1. C zz.

4. Butter and Cheese not to be exported without Licence, 1 eff z P. A M. C 5. § 1, z.

3. Buyers and tranlporters of Butter and Cheese how to be licensed, 5 El. C 12. 13 El. C 25. § 20.

6. The Justices of Peace may rellrain the Buyers of Butter and Cheese in any County, zi Ja. \. c.zz.

7. Provisions to prevent Frauds in the weighing and packing of

Butter, it, A 14 Car. 2. C 26. 4 TV. A M. C 7.

8. Foreign Butter, Cheese, Ac. not to be imported, 32 Car. 2. C z. § 9.

q. Regulations of weighing Butter and Cheese, and shipping them for London, 4 w.iam.c.7.

10. Regulations for weighing and packing Butter in New Malton, in Yorkshire, 17 Geo. 2. C 8.

For other Matters, see Cattle 17, jfvclailt) 60. 1 r.

‘buttons.

]. Foreign Hair Buttons prohibited, 13 14 Car. 2. r. 13. § z.

4 TV. A M. C 1 o.

2. Hair Buttons imported to what Duties liable, 4 TV. A AT. C 3.

3. Buttons and Button Holes made of Cloth, (Ac. prohibited,

10'f. 3. r. 2. 8 Ann. C 6. 4 Geo. L c.j. 7 Geo. 1. ft. 1.

• C 12.

Bupei'g of ffolcu See Acceflky.

L

D

libuyutg

calu'cocg. Cnntfylcfeg. Cnittilegj C

Xujnns anti Beilina of <dfftcesf.

See Officers.

23uyf»n; anti @>cl!iit!j of Cities,

See Champerty.

tbp -- llatt)0+

1. Bylaws retraining Freemen of London to go to other Markets, void, 3 h.j. C g.

2. By Laws shall be approved by the Chancellor, Treasurer, and Chief Jullices, or by the Judges of Assise, 19 H. 7. C 7.

3. Shall not be made in Reilraint of suing in the king's Courts, 19 H. 7. C 7.

For olbt'r Matters, see coact)c3, cojpoiiutoils, mata

tions, soatcnuen,

C

Cables?, Jenifers, co?t»ase anti Cabtepartt.

1. For the making of Cables at Burfort in dorfetjlare, 21 II 8. C 12.

z. None to make Cables with overworn Stuff, 35 EL C 8.

3. cable yam and Cordage imported, to what Duties liable, 2 W. (A mess. 2. 0.4. § 33 (A 40.

4. No Drawback on Exportation of foreign Cordage, or cable yarn, 6 Ann. C 19. § 1 3.

5. Twenty Pounds Weight shall be accounted to the Stone, 21 H.

S. C 12. § 4.

Catuy.

The Payment of Confulagc there enforced, 9 Geo. 2. C 2;.

.11. Mixed Stuffs of brittjb Manufacture may be worn if the Warp be Linen, 9 Geo. 2, C 4.

For other Matters, see 3btttlta dpoods.

calbcjs' Ste Cattle.

Cambtfcfc.

1. A Duty on foreign Cambricks, 1; Geo. 2. C 29.

z. Penalty on wearing Cambrick or french Lawn, 18 Geo. 2. C 36, 21 Geo. 2. C 26.

3. Importing Cambrick or French Lawns restrained, 18 Geo. 2. C 36. § 4.

4. May be imported for Exportation, 18 Geo. 2. C 36. § 6.

5. How the Wearer may be discharged of the Penalty, 21 Geo. 2. C 26.

6. Penalty on the Wife to be levied on the Husband, 21 Geo. 2. C 26. § 4.

7. Cambricks how to be imported, 32 Geo. 2. C 32.

8. Manufactory at Winchelfea in Snjfcx how established, 4 Geo. 3.

C 37*

9. The Ertglijh Linen Company incorporated, and may raise a Capital of 100, 000/. 4 Geo. 3. C 37. § 2, 3.

10. Members not liable to Bankruptcy, 4gro. 3. C 37, § 13.

See ifeloates fojittjout Cletgp, Title Jfojgeu'es, And

Linen,

Cambjloge.

1. A Rent given to the Knights of the Shire instead of their Wages, 3 5 Cif 35 H. 8. C 24.

2. The Town of Cambridge shall be paved, 35 H. 8. C 15.

3. The vice-chancellor and Mayor may act.as Jullices for the

County without the landed Qualification, 7 Geo. z, C 10. 18

Geo. 2. C 20. § 15.. •

4. The land-tax how to be raised there, t^geo. 3. C 2. § 122,

For other Matters, ./ffcjmberfftles.

Qtalate.

1. Provision for the Repair of the Works there, zi R. 2. C 18.

2. The Revenues of the Place shall be applied to the Repairs, 1 H. 5. C 9.

3. For the Payment of the Quit rents there, 11 H, j. e. 16.

Calendar

1. Ellablifhment of the New Style, 24 Geo. 2. C 23.

2. The opening Commons, and doing of other things depending on any movable Feast, mull be according to the new Calendar, 25 Geo. 2. C 30.

See jdai'0 i; t 'jisniir, jejcotlrmo,

<£allicoc0.

j Of what Length they are to be, 4 W. (A M. C 5, §11.

2. Duty on Callitoes llained, (Ac. in the Indies, ww.o,. C 3.

3. Wear of printed Calicoes, (Ac. prohibited, 11 (A 12 IV 3. C 10. 7 Geo. 1. C 7.

4. Duty on White Caiiicoes, 3 Eff 4 Ann. C 4. § 8. — Made perpetual and Part of Aggregate Fund, 1 Geo. 1. C 12,

5. What shall be deemed painted Calicoes, 12 W. 3. C 11. § 14. t. Duty on Calicoes, (Ac. llained in Great Britain, 10 Ann. C

19. § 69. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 6.

7. Calicoes within one Eighth of a Yard of yard broad to pay as yard broad, to Ann. C 19. § 99.

8., Entries to be made by the Printers, I Geo. 1. C 36. § 21.

9. Painted Silks, Calicoes, (Ac. found unltamped forfeited, 5 Geo. 1. C 11. § 15. jo. Time foe Sale of Calicoes, (Ac, enlarged, 7 Geo. 1. r. 21. § 13.'

dantilejs anti c&antrtersu

1. Clauses charging everys

Hundred Weight off tallowcandles imported, with -- -- -- -- -- - J

2. And every Pound im 7

ported, with -- -- -- J

And ■■ -- -- -

. And every Pound made 1 in Great Britain, with J And — — — - — —

. And every Pound of wax car.dles import

ed, with -- -- -

And ■ — -- -- -- -•

. And every Pound made 7 in Great Britain, with J And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

s. d.

10.0

o oj o ok o ok o ok

o 4

o 4 o 4 o 4

2 IF. (A m.fejft. 2. C 4, § 37.

8 Ann. C 9. § 1,

9 Ann, C 6. § 11.

8 Ann. C 9. § 1.

9 Ann. C 6. § 11*

8 Ann. C 9. § 1.

9 Ann. C 6. § 11.

8 Ann. C 9. § 1.

9 Ann. C 9. § 1.

6. Candles having paid the Duties may be exported, 12 Car. 2,

C 4. § 11. 22 Car. 2. C 13. § 4. 8 Ann. C 9. § 24 Csf 26.

Duty free, 3 IV (A M. C 8.

7. Duty on Candles imported, 2 IV (A m./eft". 2. C 4. § 37.

8. Duties on the Exportation of foreign Candles, 11 (A 12 IV 3. C 5. § 16.

9. Duties imposed upon Candles, 8 Ann. C 9. 9 Ann. C §11.

10. The 8 Ann. C 9. made perpetual by g Ann. C zi. and Part of the south-sea Fund.

11. The 9 Ann. C 6. made perpetual by 3 Geo. 1. C 7. § 1. and Part of the General Fund.

12. Chandler

iz. Chandler to give Notice to Officer before he begins to make Candles, to Ann. e. 26. § 106.

13. Penalty on ufingan unentered melting honfe, ifc. j 1 Geo. 1. e. 30. § 23.

14. Working Hours for Officers to enter Workhouses, settled, 11 Geo. 1. C 30. § 24..

15. Penalty on making Candles without Notice, 11 Geo. 1. C 30. 527.

16. On removing or mixing Candles before they are surveyed, 11 Geo. 1. e. 30. § 30.

17. Candles, Soap and Starch may be seized by Officers of the Customs or Excise in any Ship or Carriage where there is reasonable Suspicion, 23 Geo. 2. C 21. § 30.

18. Penalties on fraudulently unihipping foreign Candles, ts'e. 23 Geo. 2. e. 21. § 32.

19. Officers may by Warrant search any Place for concealed Candles, fife. 23 Geo. 2. C 21. § 34.

20. No Drawback on Exportation of Candles made in Ireland, or in isle of Man, 23 Geo. 2. C 21. § 36.

21. Seamens Wages may be detained for the Peualties of importing Soap, Starch or Candles, 26 Geo. 2. C 32. § 8.

For other Matters, see cctttojati 34. 3ugj)tb.

Cane anti irattatt#.

To what Duties liable, 4 w.ifm. C 5. § 2.

Canotteer#.

May take one or more Apprentices, 5 El. C 5. § 12.

Canon

1. The Convocation not to enact or promulge Canons without the

king's Licence, 25 H. 8. C 19. § 1. 27 H. 8. C 15.

2. None to be made or executed, that are contrary to the Laws

of the Land, 25 H. 8. C 19. § 2, 7. 3; H. 8. C 16.

3. The Canons of. 1640 or other Ecclejiaftical Laws not allowed by Parliament, ifc. not confirmed, 13 Car. 2. ft. 1. C 12. § 5.

Canterbury.

1. Privileges granted to the Citizens exclusive of Foreigners, 34 if 35 H. 8. C 18. — Exception as to Butchers, ifc. ibid. § 6.

2. A work house erefled there, 1 Geo. 2. ft. 2. C 20.

3. Rules for Elections in Canterbury, I Geo. 2. ft. 2. C zo. § 31.

Canbaf0 See Buckram.

Capiag?. See Outlawry.

Capias? tjtlegatum.

Persons taken upon a Capias Utlegatum not to be discharged without a lawful Superfedeas, 13 Car. 2. ft. 2. C 2. §4.

For other Matters, see £dutiatojp.

Capiatur po fine.

Taken, away, and other Provisions in lieu thereof, 5 W. is' MC. 12.

Its Tenures taken away, 12 Car. 2. e. 24.

Cnpg. See Hats.

Captain. See Soldiers.

Car anti Dice.

1. Importation of Cards and Dice prohibited, 3 Ed. 4. C 4. § L enforced by 10 Ann. C 19. § 167.

2. Every Pack of Cards pays 6 d. 9 Ann. e. 23. § 39.

3. And every Pair of Dice; r. 9 Ann. C 23. § 39.

4. What to be deemed Dice, 10 Ann. C 19. § 168.

5. The Penalty for not giving Notice of the Places where Cards

and Dice arc made, 9 Ann. C 23. § 41. 10 Ann. C 19. '§ ifi6.

6. Or removing Cards or Dice before they are marked, except in order for Exportation, 9 Ann. C 23. { 41. to Ann. C 19. § '70-

7. Or using them in gaming houses before they are marked, 10 Ann. r. 19. § 162.

8. Limitation of the Time of Prorecution upon Bonds for Exporting Cards and Dice, 5 Geo. 1. C 19. § 48.

9. Penalty on defacing the Stamp of Cards or new fpotting Dice, 6 Geo. 1. C 2i. § 55.

10. Card makers to give Bonds for their Duties, 6 Geo. 1. C 21.

§ 57-.

11. Officers may search for private making of Cards and Dice, 6 Geo. 1. f.21. § 59.

12. An additional Duty of 6 d. on every Pack of Cards, and ron every Pair of Dice, 29 Geo. I. C 13.

For other Matters, fee Stamps,

Catsiffe 'Bjitigc. See Bridges. cathfie.

1. The Statute of Carlisle, of Fines, 15 Ed. 2. ft. \.

2. Assises for Cumberland to be held in Car life, 14 H. 6. C 3.

Catmenfa ailoal

To what Duties liable, 4 W. if M. C 5. § 2,

Carolina fit America. See Plantations and Rice.

Carpet.

To what Duties liable, 4 W. is' M. C 5. § z.

Carptmeal#.

The making of them how encouraged, 7 fa. 1. C 16.

Carriage.

1. Carriage for the King shall be paid for, M. C g H. 3. e. zi. St. iveftm. I. 3 Edi. C 32.

2. The Price of Carriage restrained, 23 Ed. 2,. ft. I. C 3.

3. The Price of Carriage to be taken for the King, 2 if 3 Ed. 6. r 3-

4. For providing Carriages for the King, 13, Car. 2. ft. 1. e. 8.

1 fa. 2. C 10.

3. For the Navy and Ordnance, 13 fs? 24 Or. 2. C 20. jfa.z, C II

6. Rates of Carriage to be settled by the Justices, 3 W. if M, C 12. § 24.

7. Penalty of taking more than the Rates, 21 Geo. 2. e. 28. § 3.

8. Commissioners for regulating Navigation of Thames to rate the

Price of Water carriage, 24 Geo. 2. C 8. §9. penalty for

taking above the Price, ibid.

9. Justices of the City of London to afiefs the Rates of carrying Goods between London and LI eftminster, 30 Geo. 2. C 22. § 3.

10. What Rates to be paid for Carriages attending Soldiers on their

March, 33 Geo. 2. C 6. §40. 33 Geo. 2. C 8. § 25.

For aether Matters, see clctk Of tlje j3ctlcc 8. a&jiw 21, ifc.

Cart

1. What Sort of Cart Wheels shall be used in London, ifc. 2 IP.

if M. ft. 2. C 8. § 19. 3 W. if M. C 12. § 16.

v‘ D 2 2. Penalty

Cart.

Cattle.

Certificate.

2. Penalty on Carmen riding on their Carts within the Bills of

Mortality, i Geo. i. ft. z. C 57. § 8. Or within ten Miles of London, 24 Geo. 2. C 43. § S., A general Prohibition of it, 27 Gee. 2. C 16 § 7. 30 Geo. 2. C 22. § 9.

3. The Loads of Carts in London restrained, 6 Geo. 1. C 6.

4. Cart, to be drawn with three Horses only, 5 Geo. 1, e. 12. § 1.

14geo. 2. C 42. § 6. 18 Geo. 2. C 33. § 3. With fourhorfes, 16 Gee, r. 29. With five Horses having broad Wheels, 26 Geo. 2. e. 30. § 4 y 6.

5. Carts to be number'd, and to have the owner's Name upon them, 18 Geo. 2. C 33. § 4.

6. On changing Property new owner's Name to be affixed, 30 Geo. 2. e. zz. § z.

7. Cart Wheels may be bound with Iron, 18 Geo. 2. C 33. § 7. S. Penalty of obstructing the Streets with empty Carts, (fte. 30

Geo. 2. C 22. § 5.

9. Carts not to ply at Weftsninfter Bridge, ifc. 30 Geo. 2. C 22.

h 6.

10. Penalty of obstructing Highways by empty Wagons, C 30 Geo. 2. C 2 2. § 8.

11. Carriages travelling with Goods for Hire, to be deemed Common Stage Wagons, 30 Geo. 2. C 28. §13.

For other Matters, see $tgl)lda t>s, l=>0ulhu>s.

caglilsj. See Beer, C Coopers. cafltcna. See Drugs.'

Castle tsuarti.

1. Purveyance for Cadies regulated, M. C gff. 3. e. 19.

2. None shall be distrained for Cadle Guard who will find a Man, M. C 9 H. 3. C 20.

cafflcjs. See Dover.

The King's Castles to be rejoined to the Counties, 13 F. ft. t. r. ij.

cattjetualjb* See Churches.

Catlings.

To what Duties liable, 4 IV Cf M. C 5. § 2.

Cattle.

J. Calves shall not be killed that fall between the firftof 'january and the first of May, 21 H. 8. C 8. 24 H. 8. C 7.

2. Weanlings under two Years old not to be killed, 24 H. 8. C 9.

3. None to buy Cattle within Wales, out of Market or Fair, unless they can bring Witness of whom and where it was bought, 34 £3" 35 H. 8. C 26. § 105..

4. Penalty of cutting out the Tongue of any tame Bead, 37 H. 8. C 6.

5. Regrating Cattle prohibited, 3 fcf 4 Ed. 6. C 19. 5 & 6

Ed. 6. C 14. § 9.

6. Butchers not to buy Cattle and fell the same alive, 3 4 Ed.

6. C 19. §3.

7. Liccnfed Drovers may buy Cattle to sell again, 5 ^ 6 Ed. 6. e. 14. § 16.

S. May be transported from one place to another with Licence, J y 6 Ed. 6. e. 14. § 12.

9. A milch Cow shall be kept and a Calf reared for every six ■ score Sheep, C 2 & 3 P. & mc. 3. 7 Ja. 1. C 8.

to. Drovers to be licensed by the Justices, 5 El. C 12. it. Duties on foreign Cattle imported, 15 Car. 2. C 7. § 13.

12. Importation of foreign Cattle prohibited, 18 Car. 2. C 2. 20 Car. 2. c.j. 32 Car. 2. C 2.

13. Importation of Cattle declared a public Nuisance, 18 Car. 2, e, 2.. § 1.

14. 1jje of Man excepted, 18 Car. 2. C 2. § 3.

15. Ship in which Cattle is imported forfeited, 20 Car. 2. cy.

§ ?•

16. Persons agreeing to evade the Forfeitures incur, a Framumre, 20 Car. 2. C 7. § 10.

17. Exportation permitted'of Beef, Pork, Bacon, Butter, Cheese

and Candles, 22 Car. 2. C I 3. § 4. 3 w.13 M. C 8.

18. The Duty on Cattle exported, 22 Car. 2. C 13. § 6.

19. Treble Damages for maiming Cattle in the Night, 22 (ft 23 Car. 2. e. 7. § 5.

20. An expired Aft for preventing Frauds in buying and selling

Cattle in Ssnitbfield, fife, and or regulating the licensing of Drovers, 22 & 23 Car. 2. e. 19. 25 Car. 2. C 4. Not to

extend to Salefmen, 1 Ja. 2. C 17. § 10.

21. English Cattle mixed with Irifto may be seized, .32 Car. 2. C 2. § 11.

22. His Majesty to make Regulations for preventing the Spreading of the Ditlemper among the Cattle, 19 Geo. 2. C 5. 20

Geo. 2. C 4. 23 Geo. 2. C 23. 24 Geo. 2. C 54. 25 Geo. 2.

C 31. 26 Geo. 2. C 34. 27 Geo, 2. C 14. 28 Geo, 2. C 18.

29 Geo. 2. C 28. 3cgfo. 2. e. 20.

23. Tanners to give Notice to the Officer before they bring in raw Hides, 22 Geo. 2. e. 46. § 24.

24. His Majesty empowered to prevent the killing of Cow Calves, 22 Geo. 2. C 46.' § 26.

25. Regulations for the selling and driving Cattle, 22 Geo. 2.

e. 46. § 27, C 30 Geo. 2. C 20.

26. Salefman, Broker or Factor not to buy Cattle on his own Account, 31 geo.z.c. 40. §11.

27. Allowance of free Importation of Cattle from Ireland, 32 Geo■ 2. C 11. § t.

For other Matters, see 11i?utcl)cts 2, 3, 8, 9, 10, II Dt ftfefs 2, 20. ©jobers, felonies tottb anti ld/tljout Cicrgp, jfojcfts 22, Iftc. i)?ojfes, jailjeep,

^rtfpafs 9. shoobs 4, 8, tftc.

camnatcr. See Harbour.

cnufepsj. See Highways.

Calient. See Botargo.

Cenfoj of the College of pf>pficfnn&.

See Physicians..

1. In what Cases Remedy by Certificate of Assize, 13 Ed. il C

2. Certificate of Attainders, Indiftments, Outlawries or Convictions,

by whom and where to be made, 34^35 H. 8. C 14. 3 IV £5" Mi C 9. § 7.

3. Certificates from Ecclesiastical Persons to the king's Courts, in whose Name and under whose Seal to be made, 1 Ed. 6, r. 2. §7.

4. Certificates on Convictions for Robberies, C 4 W, & M.

C S. 7 W. 3. C 17. ioy 11 W. 3. C 23. S Amftc. 31.

6 Geo. 1, C 23.

5. Certificates concerning Poor, 13 14 Car. 2. C 12. § 3. 8.

y 9^3.0 30. 9 & 10 IV 3. C 1 k j2 Ann. ft. i„ C t8. § 2.

6. Concerning Allowance of Bankrupt Certificate, r Geo, 2 C 20.

§ to. J

For other Matters, see iibaftatt) 2, 3, ^cloltp ldttbomt Clergy, $•>£)£>£ 16, 30, 36, sv,

cett/ojati,

Certiorari.

Celfafcft.

Cettfojatf*

1. If, on Certiorari, it be returned, that theprisoner is condemned by Judgement, he shall be remanded, dc. z H. II C 2,

2. Certiorari for removing a Recognisance shall be signed by a Judge, 1 P. d M. C 13. § 7.

3. A Certiorari shall not be allowed for a Defendant without finding Security for the Costs, zi Ja. 1. C 8. § 7.

4. Proceedings upon the f.xcife Laws shall not be superseded by Certiorari, iz Car 2. C 2'.. § 36. r. 24. § 50.

5. Indictments for the Repsir of Highways, Pavements, fife, not

removable but in special Cases, 13 d 14 Car. 2. C 6. 22 Car. 2. C 12. § 4. 3 TV. d M. C 12. § 23.

6. The Security to be taken on Allowance of a Certiorari to remove

a Conviction of deer itealing, 3 IV d M. C to. § 6. On the Game Laws, 4 & 5 IF. d M. C 23. § 7. 5 Ann.

C 14. On the act to prevent excessive Gaming, iz Geo. 2. C 28. § 7,

7. Not to. remove Preferments of the Highways, 3 TV. d M.

C 12. § 23. 1 ann.fi. 1. C 18. § 5.

S, No cert' orari to remove an indictment in Term Time, but upon Motion, 5 tv.d M. C 11.

9. Security for Costs, and to try, to be found before the Allowance of a Certiorari to remove an indiftm'cnt,, 5 tv..dm. C 11.

to.' In Vacation may be granted by Judge of B. R. ibid. § 4. "

11. A Cert'orari may be granted to remove an Indictment touching the Highway, Bridges, dc. on a Suggeilion, dc. that the Right to repair may come in Question, 3 TV. d RI. C 11. § 6.

12. Party prosecuting a Certiorari to remove an Indictment, may find Bad in the king's Bench, S d g TV. 3. C 33.

13. No Judgement or Order to be removed by Certiorari without Sureties sound, 5 Geo. 2. C 19. § 2.

14. Certiorari to remove Proceedings of Justices to be applied for within six Calendar Months, and upon six Days Notice to the Justices, 13 Geo. 2. C 18. § 5.

r 12 Car. 2. C 23. § 36.

15. Shall not supersede Proceed) 22 d 23 Car. 2. C 5. -§ 14.

. 1. C 21. §21, 22.

d M. C 7. § 17.

^ * Ullull J1VH 1u pv.1 ivul J.. uv'.vtt ^ 2* V r

ings of Justices on Excise Laws, ] 6 Geo

L C TV.

K

C

f

16. Nor to remove Judgement in Suits for Tithes, unless they Title of such Tithes come in

Question - — - -- -- -- -- -- - -

Nor Proceedings by Virtue

of the act to compel Quakers to pay Tithes, -- -- -

is. Nor on Preferment for not] repairing Bridges, dc., -- - J

19. Nor on Proceedings on thej Act forlayingdutiesonllides, J

dc." -- -- -- -- -- _ -- -- - — I

zo. Nor onproceedings of Com j 9 Ann. C 23. § 15.

‘yds TV. 3. C 6. § 7,

\

yds TV, 3. C 34. § 4.* 1 ann.fi. 1. C 18. § 5..

9 Ann. C tl. § 47.

Geo. i. r. 57. § 6. ann.fi,. 1. C 2. § 37.

'i9

missioners for licensing Coaches, j t 21. Nor on Order of Justices on I

the Malt AS, -- -- -- -- -- - — — j

2z, Nor on Judgments of Com -1

missioner for Inland Duties > 10. Geo. 1. C 10. § 42.

on Coffee, dc. -- -- -- -- -- -- - J

23. Nor on Proceedings on the

Aft for Regulation of the Wol ^13 Geo. 1 len Manufacture, — — — J

24. Nor Convictions on the Aft /}

to prevent Disturbances by Seamen, — -- -- -- -- -- --

25. Nor Proceeding on the Aft

§ 6.

Geo. 2, C 25. § 15.

for the better Regulations of ]

Attorneys, -- -- -- -- -- -- --

26. Nor on the Aft against de } - Turnpikes, dc, J

Geo.

8 Geo,

2. C 23. § 25. z. C 20. § 16,

I "27. Nor on the Aft for more easy T „ — „

assessing County Rates, -- -- -- - \ 12 Geo‘ 2‘ c‘ 29- §

28. Nor on Orders of Justices!

for regulating Houses of Cor > Geo. 2. < .3. 5 rection- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

Nor on Conviction for swear i q -

ing, '' — -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 1 -- -- i }

2. r.

21. § 8.

30.. Nor on Conviction on the

Aft for Preservation of Ha ^19 Geo. 2. C 22. § 5. vens, dc. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - J

31. Nor on Proceedings on the!

Aft to prevent Frauds, dc. in > 19 Geo, 2. C 33.. § the Admeasurement of Coals, }.

32. Nor on Proceedings on the 1

Aft for the more easy Reco J. 20 geo. 2. C 19, § very of Servants Wages, 3

33. Nor on Conviction on the

Aft against seducing Artifi C 23 Geo, 2. C 13. § ga cers, dc. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- S

34. Nor on the Aft against the }

Clandestine Importation of ^23 Geo. 2. C 21. § 33. Soap, Candles and Starch, 3

35. Nor on the Aft for morel speedy Recovery of small 7- 23 Geo. 2. r. 33. § 4, Debts in County Court, }■

36. Nor for removing Indict 1

ment for keeping Bawdy > Geo. 2. C 36. § to., house- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

Nor on Conviction on the 1

Aft for preventing Frauds, 27 Geo. 2. C y. § 4.. dc. in Clocks and Watches, j .•

38. Nor on the Aft against steal 7 icg Lead, Iron, dc. — j 29 Gc0‘ 2‘ f 3° § 7-

39» Nor for Offenders against 'I

the Aft for widening London >29 Gee. 2, r. 40,. $ 39.

Bridge, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 3

40- Nor against the Aft forpre 1

serving Fish in the ‘thames, s 30 Geo..2. C 21. § 13..

dc. — — S

41. Nor on Conviction of Ale 1

housekeepers for permitting >30 Geo. z., C 24. § 20,.. Gaming, -- -- -- - - — » j

42. Nor on Orders of Lieute? 30 Geo. 2. C 25. § V

nants in the Militia, -- -- y fiq.

43. Nor on the Aft for the due? 3< Geo. 2, C 29, .$ yd

making of Bread, dc. -- -- -- J .seq.

44. Nor on the Aft concerning?

Lastage and Ballastage in the > ^2geo, X .i6. ^ 24, 27,. Thames, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - J

45. Nor on the act for widening the Streets, dc. in Lon > 33 Geo..2. C 30. §31,.

46. Nor on Convictions on the)

Aft for preventing Thefts by { „ _ „ „

■nr ‘ n. J A 2 Geo. A, c..28. € 1 r.

Persons navigating Boats 011 f 0 *

the Thames, -- -- -- -- - J

See Counties palatine, habeas Coiptio, 3!tiaiss.

ment,

ceuabftv

1. Granted against Tenant in fee-farm, St. gtouc. 6 Edi. C 4/.

2. And for Ceffer of any Services, and Shall pass to the Heirs,. st.wefim. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 21.

3. For Ceffer of performing Alms, St, Wefirn. 2. 13 Ed, 1. 041,,

Ceffetrimig. See Monasteries.

. cjue See Uses, Life estates -

• Cijafrgi

Cljalleuse.

Chancer

cf)ait£i. See Coaches;

Challenge of Surens*

1. Where Lords of the See shall be admitted to challenge Jurors, 13 Ed. 1. C 32.

2. The Inquest shall not remain for Challenge, that the Jurors are not good for the King, Ord. pro Inquif. 33 Ed. ft. 4.

3. A Juror may be challenged for that he was one of the In

didtors, 25 Ed. 3. Jl. 5. 3.

4. Riens dam le guard shall be no Challenge in London, 7 H. 7. C 5.

5. In Attaint, there shall be no Challenge for Inefficiency of Eilate, 11 H. 7. C 21.

6. Persons arraigned for Felony shall not challenge peremptorily

above twenty, 22 H. 8. C 14. 28 h.s.c.i. 1 Ed. 6. C 12.

§ ir.

7. Peremptory Challenge taken away in hightreafon, 33 H. 8.

C 23.

8. On Trial in personal Action no Challenge for the Hundred, if two Hundredors appear, 27 El. C 6. § 5.

9. Where Reversioner may challenge in Actions wherein Life or Death of Cejlui que lie may come in Question, 19 Car. 2. C 6.

§3

jo. Where Persons peremptorily challenging above the Number of twenty-three, shall be excluded Clergy, lodtf 11 IV 3.

C 2 3* § 1 •

11. Where principal Challenge, for insufficiency of Estate to be admitted in London, 3 Geo. 2. C 25. § 19.

12. No Challenge to any Panel of Jurors for Want of a Knight being returned, 24 Geo. 2. C l8, § 4.

See juries.

Chamberlain.

K The king's Chamberlain what Fines to have of Spiritual Persons, and Earls, and Barons, 13 Ed. Jl. 1. e. 42. z, The Great Chamberlain and the king's Chamberlain what Place to have in the House of Peers, 31 H. 8. C io. §

Chamberlain nnb Chamber of Loubem*

See London.

Champerty.

1. The king'sofficers shall not maintain Pleas, cst. Wejlm. 1. 3 Ed. k C 2;.

2. The King's Clerk shall not accept a Presentation to a Church in Contest, St. iveftm. i. 3 Ed. 1. C 28.

3. Officers in Courts shall not accept of anything in Contest, St. ivejlm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 49.

4. None shall maintain Pleas, nor give nor take anything in

Plea, art.fuper Cart. 28 Ed. 1. Jl. 3. C 11. 7 R. 2. C 15.

5. Who shall be deemed Champertors, 33 Ed. i.ft.2.

6. To be punished by three Years Imprisonment and Ransom, St. Champert. 33 Ed. 1. Jl. 3.

7. The Penalty of buying pretenfed Titles, 32 H. 8. C 9.

For other Matters, see £@aiutcuiulce,

Champion.

A demandant's Champion in a Writ of Right not compellable to swear, 3 Ed. 1. C 41.

5. Chancellor to give Remedy where Subject constrained to answer before Lord, 15 R. 2. C 12,

6. Damages given on untrue Suggeflions, 17 R. 2. e. 6.

7. Commissioners diflrained to return Commissions that never came to their Hands, to be redrefted in Chancery, 4 H. 4. C 9.

8. Chancellor to give redress to Aliens, 14 & 15 H. 8. C 2. § 9.

9. The six Clerks of the Chancery may marry, 14 If 1; H. 8. C 8.

10. Chancellor may pafsthings without Fees, 27!/. 8. C 11. §9.

11. The Authority of a Lord Keeper the same as of a Chancellor, 5 El. C 18,

12. Chancellor, Ac. where disabled, 16 Car. 1. C 10. § 6.

13. Public Office where to be kept, and Hours of Attendance, 13 Car. 2. Jl. I. in Appendix.

14. Mailers Sees, ibid.

15. The Office of Chancellor may be executed by Commissioners,

1 .iv.ttfm.fr/. l.c.21. § 2.

16. One Commissionermay hear Motions, but not make Decrees, 1 W.IA m.fejf. 1. C 2i. § 3.

17. The Tenor Bill going with a Dedimus taken away, and other Fees granted to the Clerks, 4 Ann. C 16. § 23.

18. The Mailers indemnified who had given Money for their Offices, 11 Geo. 1. C 2.

19. Diredlions for securing the Money of the Suitors. 12 Geo, ic. 32.

20. To be paid into the Bank, ibid,

21. A Fund created for Relief of the Suitors in Chancery, 12 Geo. I. C 33. 9 Geo. 2. C 32.

22. Orders and Decrees of the Matter of the Rolls, his predecessors and Successors, confirmed, 3 Geo. 2. C 30.

23. Where Persons abscond to avoid the Process of Courts of Equity, the Bill shall be taken pro confeffo, 5 Geo. 2. C 25.

24. Where Defendants in Custody refuse to appear, the Court to appoint a Clerk to enter their Appearance, 5 Geo. 2. C 2;. § 2.

25. No Suit in Equity by Assignees of Bankrupt without Content of major Part in Value of Creditors, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. § 38.

26. Sollicitors Fees on Bankruptcies to be settled by Mailer in Chancery, 3 Geo. 2. C 30 § 46.

27. Where Persons obliged to answer on Oath for discovering unlawful Contrails, Ac. 7 Geo. 2. C 8. § 2.

28. Part of the Suitors Calli to be placed out at Interest for defraying the Charge of the Accountant general's Office, 12 Geo. 2. C 24.

29. The Matter of the Rolls and Officers of the Chancery, to be aftefled to the land-tax in the Liberty of the Rolls, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 49.

30. King empowered to grant a Sum not exceeding 5000/. per Ann. to the Chancellor, 1 Geo. 3, C 1. § 6.

31. Part of the Suitors Cash to be placed at Interell to be applied to the Accountant general's third Clerk and other Purposes, 4 Geo. 3. r. 32.

For other Matters, jee%ttountant dfrcneral, Appearance 4.' 115atl 7. h5?iefs 3. Charitable 3ufe0 5. conqtmltcnfu. Cuftotns 27, (Ac. Escape, <ffifcljeato?s 6. jfi(l> 1, (Ac. ©aitapcr, jubtots, >etos4. 3!nfuratice 1, (Ac. ^uflices of Aflise iz. 3leafe0 2z. 3lifccftatcs 3. Carriage 14. iswarque atto irepjtfnl 2. ^ojtgages, £>aptfts n. 01aps, (Ac. 18. 5>afe cotidus t. ideals, Sheriff 10, (Ac. s>l)tp0 76. Subpoena, atfnibcrflttco 10, (Ac.

CI ant>iet& See Candles.

I

Chancery anti Chancelio?.

1. The Chancellor to follow the King, 28 Ed. 1. Jl. 3. e. 5,

2. The Oath of the Matters and of the Curfitors, 18 Ed. 3, Jl. 5.

3. Chancellor and Treasurer to correct Errors in Exchequer, 31 Ed. 3. (I. 1. C 12.

4. Relief upon Statutes given in Chancery, 36 Ed. 3. C 9,

Chantry Eents?*

Grants of them where good, 22 Car. 2. C 6.

For other Matters, see ijlf)oltattci: fc.

cljapcljo* See Churches.

Chaplains.

Cfoaplafag.

Cfjan'table ©fcg.

Cfjeffet*.

c&aplafitsk

1. The Wages of Chaplains and Curates limited, 36 EJ. 3. C 8.

2 H. tp.jl. 2. C 2.

2. Their Privileges as to Pluralities and non residence, 21 H. 8. C 13.

3. What Number of Chaplains may be privileged by Peers, C 21 H. 8. C 13. § 14, (Ac.

4. The Judges, the Attorney and Solicitor General may each privilege one Chaplain for non residence, 2; II 8. C 16.

5. The Chancellor of the Duchy and other great Officers may each privilege one Chaplain, 33 H. 8. C 28.

For other Matters, see cljuvcljes, ccclcqridical couttsj Juris 3utrmn, Cheat's, cctinotno*

€&arcoal& See Coals.

cdan'table Cojpojatiom

1. For puniffiing the Frauds of their Managers, 5 Geo. 2. C 3.

(A 32. 6 Geo. 2. C 2.

2. - And for Relief of the Sufferers, 5 Geo. 2. C 31. 6 Geo. 2.

C 35 (A 36. 7 Geo. 2. C 11.

cfjai'itawc <ufeg*

n Lands given to Alms and aliened may be recovered by the Donor, 13 Edi. C 41.

2. Lands, Ac. may be given for'the Maintenance of Houses of Correction, or of the Poor, 35 El. C 7. § 27.

3. Commissions to be awarded to inquire of Lands, Ac. given to Hospitals, and other charitable Uses, 3 9 El. C 6. 43 El. C 4;

4. Exception as to the Universities, 43'el. tv. § 2.

5; Purchasers without Notice protected, 43 El. C 4; § 6.

Where Orders are to be certified into Chancery, 43 El. C 4. §8.

6. Where Appeals lie from the Commissioners to the Chancellor, 43 El. C 4. § 10.

7. Commissioners, Ac. to inquire of Money given' to poor prisoners, 22 A 23 Car 2. C 20. § it. ^zgeo. 2. C 28. § 9, 10.

8. Money given to put out Apprentices, either by Pariffies or public Charities, to pay no Duty, 8 Ann. C 9, § 40.

9. Mr. norton's Will to charitable Uses, 6 Geo. 2. C 32. 11

Geo. 2, C 37*

For other Matters, see %ittts ijoufes, %t)?entfccs 14.

•jbjiefs 1, 2. hospitals, ^ojtmatn, f5}ttoui3j y. ®ajc«

Charley tljc Jrtcff*

His Murderers puniffied, and a yearly Fall appointed, 12 Car. 2. (. 11. § 34. y C 30. 13 Car. 2. C 15.

Charlotte, [Queen.]

His Majesty empowered to grant the Queen an Annuity of 100, 000/. for her Life, to take place from his majesty's de cease, 2 Geo. 3. C 1.

For other Matters, see irtcljluonb, ^omcffet ljotlfe,

Cljatter*

Corporations how punishable for acting under obsolete Charters, 6geo. I. C 18. § 18, Ac.

Cljartct Cf parccm* See Pardon. cfmttei^oufe.

Five of the Governors may aft, 8 Geo. 1. C zg.

See Parks.

Cljatljartn

1. A Moiety of the Duty payable by foreign built Ships to be applied to the Use of the Gheft at Chatham, 1 Ja. 2. C 18,

§ 2.

2. Commissioners to purchase Lands for the better fortifying of Chatham, 7 Ann. C 26.

3. And such Lands how veiled in Truilees for that Purpose, 8 Ann. C 21.

For other Matters, see Justifications 2, 3, Ac.

c^atjg.

1. Penalty of Pillory, (Ac. on Persons getting Money or Goods into their Hands by false Tokens or counterfeit Letters, 33 H,

8. C 1.

2. Farther Penalty of obtaining Money or Goods by false Pretences, 30 Geo. 2. C 24.

Cfjeefe' ann £fjeefeniongct: & see]butter, Cattle 12.

cljclcea ipofpttnt.

1. Water how to be brought from Hackney Marih, for the Use of Chelsea College, 7 Ja. 1. C 9. z. Assignment of Out pensions in Chelsea Hospital before due, made void, 28 Geo. 2. C 1.

3. Pensions to be paid half yearly in advance, without any other " Deduction than one Shilling in the Pound, 28 Geo. 2. C 1.

Cljettcai mater

1. Comissioners of Chelsea Waterworks incorporated, 8 Geo. I. C 26. § 1.

2. Offenders liable to treble Damages and Coils, 8 Geo, t. C 26. § 2.

Cfjemmnp.

In Foreils ascertained, C de F. 9 H. 3' /. 2. C 14.

ohjepffofo.

French Wines may be brought into Chepfttnu in Strangers Bottoms,

5 EC S § 47-

For aether Matters, see li?lfdgc6.

Cfjeft of Cfjatljam. See Chatham. Cbeffcc*

1. When Juilices and Bailiffs to account in the Exchequer, 51

H. 1. ft. 1. '

2. Erected into a Principality, 21 R. 2. C 9. Repealed by 1 H.

4- 3-

3. Outlawries in other Counties against Persons in the County of Chester, to be certified into the County of Ckejler, and proceeded upon there, i H. 4. C 18.

4. Juilices of Peace and of Gaol Delivery, in Chefer and Wales, to be appointed by the Chancellor, 27 H. 8. C 5.'

5. Diocese united to the Province of York, and dissevered from Canterbury, 33 II 8. C 31.

6. In what Manner the County Court of Chester hall be kept,

32/7. 8. C 43. 33 H. 8. C 13.

7. Knights and Citizens to be elected for the County and City of Chester, 34 (A 33 H. 8. C 13.

8. The Protection of course in the Exchequer of Chester prohibited, 34^3' 35 H. 8. C 13. § 2.

9. Huntington Lane to be repaired, 37 H. C 3.

1 o. Process of Outlawry may be ' awarded to Chester, 1 Ed. 6.

, C 10.

11, Fines

(Hjeffei*.

(Jtljurcfj, CI

I. Fines may be levied in the City and County Palatine, 2 fjf 3

Ed. 6. C 28. 43 El. C 15. -- And reversed for Error before

the Chief Justice, ibid, § 6.

1 2- Recognizances may be acknowledged before the Mayor of Chester, 2 if 3 Ed. 6. C 31.

13. The Widows and Children of Citizens of Chester, to be provided for according to the Custom, 4 IV M. C 2.

14. Provisions for the Eleflion of Knights, Ifc. in Chester, to Az.' C 23- § 7‘

15. Where Plaintiff may enter defendant's Appearance, 6 Geo. 2.

C 14. § 1,

I 6. When Defendant to appear on Writs returnable in the Vacation, 22 Geo. 2. C 46. §35.

17, Where special Bail required and Bail bond afiignable, ibid.,

18. Mayor, ifc. when to be elected, 26 Geo. 2. C 34. $ 4.

, 19. Oath to be taken by Sheriff, fife. 3 Geo. ic. 13. § 18, 19.

■ For the Regulation of ■ Silver in Chester, see 153iff 01.

For other Matters, see cotlluicg sefellifttlu, lt) "34, ifc.

Enrolment, 3lr.ikr.bct, ^ojtuatice 6. Kales,

cofcfjefier.

■: i. How paved, 18 El. C 19.

2. The Water to be brought thither, 27 El. C 22.

Cljfatniesff

What Duties payable for small and large Backs for Chimneys, 2 IV If m.fejf. 2. C 4. § 19, 20.

■cfnna anti japan Quote

1. To what Duties liable, 3 fcf 4 Ann. C 4. § 8.

2. Duties how to be ascertained, 3 fcf 4 Ann. C 4. § 9.

3. And repaid on Exportation, 3^4 Ann. C 4. § 12. 7 Geo. 1.

f. 1. C 21. § 1 o.

.For other Matters, fe sbdfd^tulta Coinpatip, and Jillbia

duootsis.

cfjii*cn: i*apl)ei%

1. His Fees, 13 Ed. 1. ft. 1, r. 44. 46 Ed. 3. fit. 342. 2 El, 4.

e. 8.

2. 'Chirographer shall write a Table of the Contents of every Fine, to be setup in the Common Pleas and at the Assizes, 23 El. e 3. §7

For other Matters, see jfttkg,

djfi'urb'conjij* See Physicians. cljocolate. See Coffee. c^lftentngg. See Births.]

(St.) clj^0pljet% See Nevis,

€0utxfj>

: j. The Church of England shall befree, M. C 9 H. 3. C 1. 50 Ed. 3. C 1.

2. Fairs and Markets shall not be kept in churchyards, st.xvint. 1 3 Ed. 1. ft. 2. C 6.

3. Great Charters to be read in Cathedra] Churches, 25 Ed. 1. C 3*.

4*# 1 rets in churchyards shall not be cut down unless for the Repair of the Chancel or of the Church, St. Northeast Re A or projter nat, ifc. 35ed. if. 2.

5. Those who abjure the Realm, protested while in the Church or Highway, Art. Cler. ged.2.fl. 1. C 10.

The King shall not unduly request Corrodies or Penftcns, ■1 Ed. 3.7?. 2, C 10.

7. The Church of England founded in Estate of Prelacy, ''"25 Ed. 3.f.6.

8. The Punishment for quarrelling and fighting in Churches and Church yards, 5 if 6 Ed. 6. C 4.

9. Such Ornaments shall b, e in Churches as in the second Year of King Edward 6. I EL r. 2. § 25.

10. Commissioners for the Union restrained from treating of Alterations in the Church, 3u4 Ann. C 7. § 12.

11. Security of the Church with respect to the Union, 3 Ann. C 3.

12. Burglary and Robbery of Churches excepted out of the general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 32. § 16.

13. Liberties of the Church confirmed, 14 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 1.

2 H. 4. e. 1. 1 W. if M. fl. 2. C 2.

For other Matters, fe 15uvials 2. Clergp, Ccclcffaffl'cal f ferfoits, ifc. <bolb anti isilber, 3!relanb, mg, bi bertieo, : ®}o?tmain, ildonconfo?mi(ls, plague, et: = btcc €itbcs, ^uicar, 2knion of Cfjurclvs, tlluiber* Sties,

cljurctje?*

1. For making the Church of Wbitegatevn Cheflsire a diftin&pa rifh, and appointing a Vicar there, 33 H. 8. C 32.

2. For building a Church at Melcotnbe Regis, I fa. 1. r. 30.

3. The Church of Covent Garden made parochial, 12 Car. 2. C 37.

4. For building St. Paul's, 22 Car. 2. C 11. § 61. tja.2.e.i$.

8 W. 3. C 14. Additional Duties for carrying it on, 1 Ann ft. 2. C 12. Declared to be finished, 9 Ann. C 22. §9.

5. For building the Church cf St. Ann Wefminfer, 1 Ja. 2. C 20.

6. Of St. James Wefminfer, 1 Ja. 2. C 22. Enlarging the churchyard, 20 Geo. 2. C 29.

7. For repairing v/ejlminster Abbey and finishing Greenwich Hof' '

'8'uf 9 W. 3. C 14. 9 Ann. C 22. § 2. 10 Ann. C 11.

§ 32. 6 Geo. 2. C 23. § 20.

8. The Statutes of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches ascertained,,

6 Ann. C 21. __, / :. 1

9. Siibjeft to Revocation, 6 Ann. C 21. § 3.

10. For building 50 Churches about London, 9 Ann. C 22. 10.

Ann. C 11. I Geo. 1. C 23. 5 Geo. 1. C 9.

11. Provision for poor Churches in the West Riding of Yorkshire, by the Enclosure of Commons, 12 Ann, f. 1. C

12. For building St. Mary Woolnolh, 10 Ann. C 11. §33. 1

Geo. 1. C 23. % 5.

13. For building St. Mary le Strand., 12 Ann. ft. ic. 17, 12

Geo'. 1. C 39.

14. For .finishing the Tower of St. Michael's Comb ill in London,

4 Geo. 1. C 5.

15. For St. George's Chapel in Yarmouth, 7 Geo. 1. C 11.

16. Provision for the Curate of St. Catherine. cree Church London., 13 Geo. 1. C 33.

17. Provision for the Restor of the Church at Millhank in St.

margaret's Wefminfer, 1 Geo. 2, C 15. • ' 1

18. For the Reftor of Spilal Fields, 2 Geo. 2. C 10.

19. Trinity Chapel in Leeds made a. perpetual Cure, 2 Geo. 2. C 16.

20. The King may visit the Collegiate Church of Manchefer when the Wardenlhip is held by the Bishop of Chefer, 2 Geo. 2, C 29.

21. tvafping Stepney made a diftinift Parish, 2 Geo. 2. C 30. -

22. Provision for the Minister of Stratford Boys, 3 Geo. 2. C 3.

23. Limeboufe made a distinct Parish, 3 Geo. 2. C 17.

24. Provision for the Minitter of Bloomjbury, and for rebuilding

5. Giles in the Fields, 3 Geo. 2. C 19.

25. For the Minister of ihe new Church at Deptford, 3 Geo. 2. C 33.

26. For rebuilding the Church of Gravesend, 4 Geo, 2. C 20.

27. For rebuilding Woolwich Church, 5 Geo. z. C 4. 12 Geo. 2.

C 9.

z8. For rebuilding St. george's in Southwark, 6 Geo. 2. C 8.

29. For the Maintenance of the Minister of tiofeydown, 6 Geo. 2,

Cinque $ojts«

Ciergp

c&uttd'&atftett#*

30. For making ‘tiverton Chapel a perpetual Cure, 6 Geo, 2. e. 19.

31. For providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Church in old street in the Parish of St. Giles Crifplegate, 6 Geo, 2. C 21.

32. Babtack Church in Coventry made a Parish Church, 7 Geo. 2, C 27.

33. For rebuilding Shoreditch Church, 8 Geo. 2. C 27. n Geo. 2, C 23.

34. For building gainjlurgb.church, 9 Gee, 2. r. 22. 14 Gee. 2.

'5*

35. For rebuilding St. Olaves Church, 10 Geo. 2. C 18.

36. For making the Chapel at Abthorpe in Northamptonshire a Parish church, 10 Geo. 2. C 21.

37. For rebuilding ^// Saints in Worcester, 11 Gee. 2. r. 5.

38. For rebuilding Rotherhithe Church, 11 Gee. 2. e. 13.

39. For rebuilding chrijps Church in Surrey, 11 Gee. 2. r. 21.

40. For Payment of Debts contradled by building St. Nicholas in Worcester, 12 Geo. 2. C 4.

41. For building the Church atealing in Middlesex, 12 Geo. 2. e. 7.

42. For rebuilding St. Catherine Coleman in fer.churchstreet, London, 12 Gee. 2. e. 17. 15 Gee. 2. e. 12.

43. A Chapel at Sheffield made a perpetual Cure, ' 13 Gee. 2. r. 12.

44. The Chapelry of Nether Knutsford in Cheshire made a separate Parish, 14 Gee. 2. e.;.

45. For making the Chapel at Market jlreet in Hertfordshire a perpetual Cure, 14 Gee. 2. C 26.

46. For rebuilding St. Botolph without Aldgate, 14 Gee. 2. C 27.

47. For building Bethnal Green Church, 16 Gee. 2. e. 28. 19

Gee. 2. C 15.

48. For finishing the Church of St. Margaret in Lynn. 18 Geo. 2, e. 3.

49. For building Wednesfeld Chapel near Wolverhampton, 20

Gee. 2. C 27. ' -

50. For purchasing an additional burying Ground for St. Andrew Holborn, Geo. 2. e. 33.

ji. For building a Church at Liverpoole, 21 Gee. 2. e. 24.

52. A Stipend appointed to the Reftor of St. George Southwark in Lieu of Tithes, 23 Gee. 2. C 36.

33. For rebuilding Jftington Church, 24 Gee. 2. C 15.

54. For building St. George's Church in kingwood, 24 Geo. 2.

C 37-.. •

35. For rebuilding the Church at 5/enein stafford/hire, 26 Gee. 2. C 38.

56. For building a Church at Manchester, 26 Gee. 2. e. 45.

57. For building a Chapel at Porfea, 26 Gee. 2. e. 58.

58. For rebuilding alder/gate Church, 26 Gee. 2. e. 94.

59. For building a Chapel in Wolverhampton, 28 Geo. 2. C 34.

60. For rebuilding the Church at Guldeford in Surrey, 28 Gee, 2. e. 56.

61. For enlarging the churchyard of St. Mary Newington Butts in Surrey, 29 Gee. 2. e. 42.

62. For building a Church in the Island of Portland, 29 Gee. 2. e. 73.

63. For rebuilding St. Wapping, 29 Gee. 2. e. 89.

Cljutcljfofltticns.

1. Penalty of keeping Alehouses without Licence to be levied by Churchwardens for the Use of the Poor, 3 Car. 1, r. § 2.

2. Churchwardens Oath enlarged to present Offences, contrary to 1 Jac. I. C 9- for restraining Tipling, 21 Ja. I. C 7. § 5.

3. Where to plead the General Issue, 21 Ja. 1. C 12.

4. parifhioner's Evidence may be admitted in Actions against Churchwardens for roifpending Parish Money, 3 w.sftm.c.

11. § 1 2.

5. Churchwardens, life. required to carry Hawkers of Brandy, life. before Justices of Peace, 11 Geo. 2. C 26. § 5.

For other Matters, see jjionconfojim'fts, $00?.

Ciitamom See Spices,

Vol. IX Tab.

cflltiets, See Coals,

Cinque pots

t. Their Barons to have all their Liberties, M. C 9 H. 3, C 9.

5 El. e. 5. §44. 45- ' ' '

2. The Jurisdiction of the Constable of Dover Calile rellrained, 28 Ed. \. ft. 3. C 7.

3. Wardens, life, have the same Powers as Justices to inquire into Annoyance of Bridges, 22 H. 8. C 5. § 6, 7,

4. Commission how to be airefted to the Lord Warden of the

Cinque Ports for the Trial of Robberies, life, committed on the Sea, 27 H. 8. C 4. § 5 lif 6. 28 H. 8. e. 15. § 5 lif 6. 11 lif

12 W. 3. C 7. §16.

5. Wardens, life, to take Bond of Recusants going beyond Sea,

3 Ja. 1. C 4. § 42.

6. Recommendations from the Lord Wardens of Persons to serve

as Members for the Cinque Ports, declared void, 2 W. lif M. feffi.l.c.p. ■

7. Six Days allowed from the Receipt of the Writ of Summons for calling a Parliament, for the Delivery of theprecept,

11 W. 3. e. 7. § 2.

8. Two Shillings payable by the Returning Officer to the Clferk of the Crown, for every Burgess of the Cinque Ports, 10 lif 11 W. 3. C 7. § 1.

9. Lord Warden, life, to put Militia Laws in Execution within

the Ports, 15 Car. C 4. § 19. 30 Geo., 2. e. 23. § 68.

- For other Matters, see ibutlctagc 3. (ffotirttico palatine, Customs, idobcr, f3s£onaflcvtc0 12. <£albagc 2. crucc=b}tahctsj ffiftool, asteefc 13. farmoutl).

Circuit Courts in ©cotlanu*

See Scotland Courts

Circumfpeffe ngatis, 13 Ed. 1. ji. 4. Citation

1. In what Cases Persons are not to be cited out of their own Dioceses, 23 H. 8. C 9.

2. Threepence only to be taken for the Seal of Citation, 23 H. 8. C 9. § 6.

3. Under what Seal Citations are to be, 1 Ed. 6. C 2. § 3, 4, 6.

Cities. See Corporations.

cioil List See King.

ciap&oattl* See Beer i. Cooper. Cictgy.

1. The Bail shall not be amerced if the accused appear, tho' he claim Privilege of Clergy, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 27.

2. Clerks accused shall not be delivered without due Purgations, St. weftm.y. 3 Ed. 1. C 2.

3. Bigamus shall not have Benefit of Clergy, St. de Big. 4 Ed, 1. ft 3- C 5 •

4. A Clerk fleeing into the Church for Felony, shall not be compelled to abjure, Artie. Cler. 9 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 1 3.

5. Approvers shall have Benefit of Clergy, Artie. Cleri,. 9 Ed. 2,

ft. 1. C 16.

6. Allegation of Bigamy shall be tried by the Ordinary,) 8 Ed. 3.

ft. 3. C 2.

7. Clergy to be allowed in all Cases of Felony except High Treason, 25 Ed. 3. y?. 3. C 4.

8. A Clerk shall be arraigned of all his Offences at once, 25 Edi.

ft. 3. C 5..

9. The Lands and Goods of Clerks convict to be forfeited and

E levied

Cletsy*

CM of tfje Crofetu CM of tfje peace

levied on their escaping out of Prison, 31 Ed. yft. 1. C 14. 23 H. 8. ri 1.

10. The Words injtdiatores viaritm if depopulatores agrorum shall not be put in Indidlments to deprive Clerks of their Privilege, 4 H. 4. C 2,

11. A Clerk convidt of Treason not touching the king's' Majesty, or a common Thief, being delivered to the Ordinary, shall be punished, and not make Purgation, 4 H. 4. C 3. 23 H. 8, C 11.

1 2. Persons not in Orders shall have Clergy but once, 4 Id. 7.

C 13. ■

13. Persons allowed Clergy and not in Holy Orders shall be burnt in the Hand, 4 //. 7, C 13. 5 Ann. C 6.

.14. Clergy taken away from those that commit Murder or Felony in Churches, Highways, be. 4 H. 8. C 2. 23 H. 8. C 1. 25 H. 8. C 3.

15. The Ordinaries authorised to degrade Clerks guilty of Polonies, 23 H. 8. C 1. § 6. 23 H. 8. C 11.

16. It shall be Felony fora Clerk convidt to break the Prison of the Ordinary, 23 //, 8. C 11.

17. Clergy not allowed in certain Felonies, such as Murder, robbing of Churches, ifc. but to Persons in Orders, 23 H. 8. r. 1. § 3.

18. Those that are indidted of Offences for which the Benefit of

Clergy is not' to be allowed, shall not have their Clergy if they (land mute, be. 25 H. 8. C 3. 5 bed. 3, C 10.

19. Persons convidt of dealing Goods in one County which they

took by Robbery, ifc. in another County, not to have Clergy, 25 H. S. C 3. 28 H. 8. C 1.

20. Those who are in Holy Orders to be ordered as other Clerks,

28 H, 8. C 1, § 7. 32 Hi 8.03. § 8.

zi. Clerks of the Peace, (Ac. shall certify (hort Transcripts of the Conviflions of Felons to the Clerk of the Crown in the king's Bench, who shall certify them to other Justices, 34 b 35 H. 8.

14. Or to the Judges in another County, 3 14'. if M. C 9.

§ 7-

zz. A Lord of Parliament shall have Clergy without and tho' he cannot read, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 14.

23. Bigamus diall be allowed his Clergy, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 16.

24. A Clerk delivered to the Ordinary may be arraigned for a former Offence, 8 El. C 4. § 4.

25. A Clerk convict shall not be delivered to the Ordinary, but after burning in the Hand shall be discharged, 18 El. C 7. § 2. unless the Judices think fit to detain him, § 3.

26. He that is allowed his Clergy shall answer to other Felonies, 18 El. C 7. § 3.

27. Where a Man dtould have his Clergy, a Woman shall be

burnt in the Hand, and be farther punished by Imprisonment, Whipping, Stocking, ifc. 21 Ja. 1. C 6. 3 IF. if M. C 9.

§ 6.

28. Offenders dealing Cloth from the Rack, or imbezilling king's Stores, may be transported, 22 Car. 2. C 5. §4.

29. Women shall have the Benefit of the Statute but once, 4 b 5 W. if M. C 24. § 13.

30. Felons to have the Benefit of the Statute without reading, 5 Ann. C 6. § 4.

For other Matters, see ulppicuttccs 40. iii5liming, Cfrl 1=

lengc 10. cletu of tfje Croton 4. felons, Jftcjtljz umbctlatta 14, isffjipc, tabbing, Cranfpojtatiouj caomcn.

cfstjjpttlcn. See Ecclefiaftlcal Courts.

CM of aiufe.

1. Clerk of Assise shall not be of Council in the Circuit, 33 H. 8.

C 24. § 6.

2. To certify the Names of Felons convidt to the king's Bench,

34 if 33 H. 8. C 14. 3 IF. if M. C 9. § 7.

3. Plough punished for concealing, be. an Indictment Rccogni

fance, Fine or forfeiture, 22'b 23 Car. z. C zz. §9. ^geo. 1. C 1 5. § 12.

4. Where to take but 2 s. for drawing a Bill of Indidlment, 10 if 11 IF, 3. C 23, § 7.'

;. And nothing at all where the fird is defective, 10 fj 11 IF. 3. r. 23 § 8.

6. Finable for falsely recording Appearances of Persons returned upon a Jury, 3 Geo. 2. C 23. § 3.

■ For other Matters, see 31urtC6, • '

CM of tfje croum.

1. Shall take but 2 s. for entering the Plea of several Defendants, and for the venire, 2 H. 4. C 1 o.

2. Shall certify the Names of Convidts to Judices of Gaol Delivery or of the Peace, 34 b 3 5 H. 8. C 14. § 4.

3. Shall receive the Certificates of Clerks of Afiife, ifc. without Fee, Ibid. § 2.

4. Certificate of Clerk of the Crown, and of the Peace, ifc. of the Allowance of Clergy, Evidence, 3 JF. if M. C 9. §7.

5. How to inrol Grants of Felons Goods, Deodands and Forfeitures, 4 & 5 if. if M. C zz.

For other Matters, see jjlnfojmattou, parliament 44..

detfvg of tfje c&anrcrp. See Chancery., Cfetfl0 Of tfje cffoulg See Effoins.

Cferftg of tfje extents. Cfetft of tfje 3litwftmeittg. CM of tfje 3!utj{]; ment£..

See Eftreats.

See Indidlments. See Judgments.

CM of tfjt ^arfcet.

1. In what Manner he shall deliver his Eftreats, 16 Ed. 2. § 9.

2. To do his Duty as usual, 14 Ed. 3.7?. I. C iz. § 2. 16 Car,

1. f. 19. § 3.

3. Duty of the Clerk of the Market of the kings House, 13 R.

2. ft. 1. C 4.

4. To have all his Measures and Weight of Erafs according to the Standard of the Exchequer, 16 R. 2. C 3.

5. king's Clerk of the Market may exercise his Office wherever. the King resides, 32 H. 8. C 20. § 7.

6. And within the Verge, 32 H. 8. C 20. § 7. 16 Car. 1, C 19,

§ 3*

7. Penalties on Clerks of the Market allowing any other Weights, be. than according to the Exchequer Standard, or refusing to seal them, 16 Car. 1. C 19. § 4. 22 Car. z. C 8. $ 4.

8. Or taking unufnal Sees, 16 Car. 1. C 19. § 5. 22 Car. 2.

C 8. § 4. _ ' _

9. Or not duly delivering Eftreats and Duplicates, 22 b 23 Car.

2. C 22. § 7, 8. 3 Geo. 1. C 1;. § 12.

See 31rclattb, ollctgljtc aub ftojcafurcs.

CM of tfje Peace

1. Shall be appointed by the Cufos Rctulorum, 37 H. 8. C 1. § 3.

1 W. b M. ft. 1. C 21. § 3. z. Penalty on his not duly delivering Eftreats to the Sheriff and Duplicates into the Exchequer, 22 b 23 Car. 2. C zz. § 7, 8. 3 Geo. 1. C 15. § 12.

3. Presentments of Recusants to be recorded by him, 3 Ja, 1. C 4. § 5. Penalty on Default, ibid.

4. May be discharged by the Justices, 1 if. ism, cz. § 6.

5. Penalty of selling the Place, 1 W. b M. C 21. § 8.

6. The Oath of the Clerk of the Peace, 1 IF. if M. C 21. § 9.

7. To

Clocks anti cmctycs.

Conls.

7. To take no See for discharging Wkneffes Recognizances, io & 11 IF. 3. C 23. §'7.

8. To certify the Rates for Carriage of Goods, 21 Geo. 2. C 28,

9. To register Recognizances taken on

licensing Alehouses, 26

Geo. 2. C 31. § 5.

10. His Certificate where to be Evidence, 24 Geo. 2. C 40. § 17. • 26 Geo. 2. C 31. i II • j

For other Matters, see Abatement zo. scttejmes 45.

Clergp 2i. Clctbof the Ctottut 4. 3dcbt 25- <£?amc 2j. Juries 50. ^ilitia 14, cfr. craitfpo?tatiott 7. £&recfe n.

Cletk of tljc pells

To inrol Letters Patent and Letters of Privy Seal for i (Thing the king's Treasure, 8 9 W. 3. C 28.. § 8.

For other Matters, see dbjctljequcr,

Cletk of ttye petit 15aty,

Penalty on his not receiving and filing an Office or Inquisition 1 H. 8. C 8. § 4.

Clerk Of ttye Pipe See Clerk of the Remembrance.

Cletk Of ttye ftecogn^aticeg. See Statutes. Cletk of tfje ftememfyance.

t. To sit against the Clerk of the Pipe to see; the Discharges made in the Pipe, (Ac. 37 Ed. 3. C 4.

2. The Clerk of the Pipe and Remembrancer to be sworn, toi make a Schedule of Persons discharged in their Offices, 5 R. z. ft >• 15-

3. The Remembrancer to cause the Suit to cease on a Judgement

• of Livery, 5 R. 2. ft. 1. C 16.

For other Matters, yrr lreiuctubjauccv.

Clctk of ttyc ©etuei% See Sewers.

Clerk of ttye €>i'guct.

1. His Fees on passing Patents, 27 H. 8. C 11.

2. His Duty in making Wairants to the Lord privy Seal, 27 h.z.ct 11. § 2.

Clcrkenfocll seen.

The Highway leading from the East Side of c/erieti nvell Green to St. "John's Street to be paved, 2 IF. is M. fejf. 2. C 8. § 24.

Clipper See Counterfeiters.

Clocks? nnn mmctyes.

1. Dial Plates and Cases not to be exported without the Movement, 9 ti? to IF. 3. C 28. § 2.

2. Makers shall engrave their Names on Clocks and Watches, 9 if 10 W. 3. C 28. § 2.

3. Penalties on Workmen, iac. imbezilling Materials of Clocks and Watches, 27 Geo. 2. e.y.

For other Matters, see Ulrtl'jccto 14. cettloj.irt 14.

Clotty* See Drapery.

clqtyes* See Spices,

Coactyeg atm Ctyalts.

1. Coachmakers dwelling in London, isle. shall be under the Survey of the Mailer and Wardens of the Company of Sadlers in London, I Ja. 1. C 22. § 30.

2. For licensing 400 Hackney Coaches, 13 Cf 14 Car. 2. C 2.

3. For licensing Hackney Coaches arid Stage Coaches, 5 IF. if

mc. 22. 6 ia.y W, 3. C t8. § 31..

4. Commissioners appointed for licensing 800 Coaches and 200

Chairs, 9 Ann. C 23. 12 Ann. Jl, 1. C 14. Made perpetual

by 3 Geo. I. C 7. and part o f the General Fund.'

5. Ancient Coachmen and Chairmen and their Widows, to be

preferred in granting Licences, 9 Ann. C 23. § 4. 12 Ann.

7?. ir. 14.

6. Commissioners, 15c. where disabled, 9 Ann: C 23. $ 9,

7. Commissioners ' may make Bylaws, 9 Ann. C 23. § 16. I Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 57.

8. M2V licence too more Chairs, to Ann. C 19. § 158. Made perpetual by 3 Geo. 1. C 7. and Pait of General Fund.

9. Penalty of their soliciting Votes at Elections, 10 Ann. C 19.

§ 182.

10. Powers given to the Commissioners for licensing Coaches,. t Geo. I. C 57.

n. No unlicensed Hackney Coaches to attend Funerals, I Geo. I.

ft. 2. C 57. § 4.

12. Addition of 100 licensed Chairs, 12 Geo. I, C 12. § 15 If 17.

16 Geo. 1. C 26. § 3.

13. A Duty upon Coaches, 20 Geo. 2. C 10.

14. Coaches not to ply at ifcftrr.infer Bridge, isc. 30 Geo. 2 C 22. § 6.

15. Inhabitants to be Witnesses in Proceedings on 30 Geo. 3. C 22. § 14.

16. Justices of Kent and ejjex authorised to execute the Laws "■ concerning Hackney Coaches, 4 Geo. 3. C 36.

For other Matters, see Annuities 38. ccftlqjati 20. V ipcaps 19. Hojfcs 13.

Coals?.,

/. /. d.

1. Clauses laying on every. Tun 3

of Foreign Coals usually sold > o by Weight, -- -- -- -- -- -- - • 3

2. And ■ ■ ■ ■■■ - o

3. And every Chalder of Foreign

Coals usually sold by Measure- -- -- -- -- -- --

« — - — -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - o

1°

5. And every Chalder of such -|

any other Coal or Culm | imported into the Port of Lon Vo 3 don, if usually sold by Mea,, And every Tun if ufu I ally sold by Weight, — J

6. And -- -- -- -- -- — > -- -- -- -- -- -. o 3

7. And every Chalder of Coals 1

carried Coallwife, ..if usually ho 3 sold by Mertfure',. — — -- -- -- - — j

8. And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - o 2

9. And every Tun of Coal car 7

ried Coastwise- -- -- -- -- -- --

0 8 Ann, C 4. § i„.

2.0 9 Ann. C 6, § 8.

46 S Ann. C 4. § u ■ 309 Ann. C 6. § 8„

oi 1 Geo. 1. ft, 2, r,

§ 1.

o o

10. And

11. And every Chalder of Culm

tarried Coastwise, if usually sold by Weight, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 3

12. And - - ■■ - "o

13. And every Chalder of Pit 7 coal cinder carried Coastwise, j

14, And ........ — — —

E 2

o 5 Geo. .1. e. 9. § 1, V

o 8 Ann. C 4. § 1„

o 9 Ann. C 6. § 8.

0 8 Ann. C 4. § 1 „

4 g Ann. C 6. § 8,

.7 725 of a Penny.

8 Ann. C 4. § 1,

4 — 5 of a Penny.

9 Ann. C 6. § 8..

o s ^nn• C 4. § I -

Q Ann.' C 6. § 8.

• 151 .The

Coal;

15. The Keels at Nevscajlle shall be measured by the king's

Commissioners, 9 H. 5. Ji. 1. C 10. 30 Car. 2. C 8. 6 (A 7

W. 3. C 10.

16. The king's Claim to a Duty of twopence a Chaldron at nenvcaji/e, 21 fa. 1. C 2. § 3.

17. The Liberties of thehoall men of Nenucajile in selling Coals, 21 Ja. 1. C 2. § 12.

18. Exporting Coals without Payment of the Duty, forfeits double the Duty, in, (A 14 Car. 2. C 11, §9.

19. The Weight and Measure of Coals in London, 16 Lsf 17 Car.

2. C 2. -- -- Damages, (Ac. for Persons acting under the Aft,

ibid. § 4.

20. Juliices of Peace may fet the Price of Coals in London, 16 (A 17 cr.r. 2. C 2.

.21. A Duty of 12 d. a Chaldron given to the City of London, 19 Car. 2. C 3. ^ 36. 22 Car. 2. C 11. § 38.

22. Boats and Carts carrying Coals at Newicajlle, to be measured,

30 Car. 2. C 8. 6 & 7 W. 3. C 10.

23. A Duty laid upon Coals for the Relief of Orphans, tac. 5 If'. (A M. 10. § ro. The Duty continued, 21 Geo. 2. C 29.

§ 1.

24. A Duty laid upon Coals, 6^7 W. 3. C 18.

25. Allowance of Seamen to Coal Ships free from impressing, 6 iff 7 T. 3. C 1?. § t9.

26. An expired Duty upon Coals, 9^ 10 W. 3. C 13. and upon Cynders, 10 iff 11 TV. 3. C 21. § 28.

27. Additional Duty upon Coals, 8 Ann. C 4. 9 Ann. C 6. § 8.

28. Coals cairied from Stirling to Dunbar exempted, 8 Ann. C 4.

§ 39. 9 Ami. C 6. § 10.

29. Over sea Duty of 3 /. by 6 r. 22. on Coals exported in British Ships taken off. 8 Ann. C 13. § 1 5.

30. A Duty imposed upon exported Coals, 9 Ann. C 6. § 3.

12 Ann. Ji.?, C 9. § 9. 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 28. Made perpetual

by t Geo. 3. C 7. and Part of General Fund.

31. Coals exported to Ireland, isle of Man or Plantations excepted, 12 Ant:, Ji. 2. C 9. § 9.

32. A Duty on Coals for building 30 Churches, 9 Ann. C 22.

33. Coals exported from the Welt ot Scotland to Ireland, (Ac. charged with the same Duties as Coals from the West of England to Ireland, 9 Ann. C 22,. § 9c.

34. Combinations of Coal Owners, (Ac. prohibited, 9 /av. r, 28. 35* Regulations of the several Branches of the Coal Trade, 9 Ann.

C 28. 1 Geo. 1. C 26. § 1.

36. The Contents of the Coal bushel, 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 17. § n.

37. Lottery Annuities granted upon the Coal Duties, $ Geo. 1. C 9. § 13,, and the Surplus to be dilpofed of by Parliament, §42.

38. The Duties imposed by 8 Ann. C 4. made perpetual by 5 Geo. 1. C 19. and Part of South Sea Fund.

39. Exemption of Coals carried from Ellen fool to Bank end, 8 Geo. 1. C 14. § 14.

40. Application of the Surplus of the Coal Duty, 13 Geo. 1.

C 21.

41. Dealers in Coals may use their own Lighters on the Thames, 3 Geo. 2. C 26.

42. Dealers not to aft as Crimps, 3 Geo. 2. C 26. § 3.

43. Penalty on receiving Premium for Contrails for Coals, 3 Geo. 2* C 2i, ^ 4.

44. The Forms prescribed for Contrasts and Notes for Coals, 3 Geo. 2 C 26. § 6, (Ac.

44. Penalty on Mailers of Ships refusing to account, 3 Geo. 2. ' e. 26. §9.

46. On lighter men, fcfc. delivering Coals without the Ingrain,. 3 Geo. 2. C 26. § 10.

47. Sacks and other Cjal Measures to be marked, 3 Geo. 2. C 26. §11.

48. Penalty on Mailers of Coal Ships keeping turn, 4 Geo. 2. C 30.

49. Mailers of Colliers to deliver their Cocquets in four Days,

2. Gee. 2, C 30. § 2.

Coffee, C

30. All Coal Contrasts at Billing fgate to befigned and produced, 11 Geo. 2. C 13. § 6.

51. Wagons at newcajllc,, (Ac. to be measured and marked, tt Geo. 2. C 13. § 8.

52. Damaging Collieries by Water treble Damages, 13 Geo. 2. C z.

33. A Drawback of the Duty on Coals used in Fire Engines for draining the Tin and Coppfer Mines in Cornwall, 14 Gw. 2. r. 41. § 3.

34. Judices of Peace may regulate the Retail Price of Coals, 17 Geo. 2. C 35. -

35. Land Coal metres Office for Wejlminjier erected, 19 Geo. 2. C 33. zo Geo. 2. f. 49. Penalty on Coal metres not attending, 23 Geo. 2. C 26. § 4.

56. Penalty on Ships exporting Coals entered Coastwise, 22 Geo.

2. C 37. § 3.

57. Ships having exported Coals not to be cleared out till the Duty paid, 22 Geo. 2. C 37.

58. Penalty on principal Land Coal metres neglecting to station

labouring Coal metres, as directed by 19 Geo. 2. C 35. 23

Geo. 2. C 26. § 4.

59. Additional Duty on Coals exported, 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 28.

60. Culm may be exported for 13 Years to Lifion, 31 Geo. 2.

C 15. $ 1. ■

6t. Punishment of delivering Coals fraudulently, 32 Gw. 2. r.27,

62. Culm how to be exported from Milford, 33 Geo. 2. C 13.

For other Matters, see 3huutt'tfc£ 10, (Ac. u5artfe 24, 25, (Ac. Ccrtiojari 31. Churches 10. felonies toitfcout Clergp, Title Coals, jfetocl 1. ^ojccs 42. Jldmi= tatioms 6. plantations 5, (Ac. 2>attuoutlj,

coblcf* See Shoemaker.

Cocfnnenl*

t. Statutes for the free Importation of it, 6 Ann. (. 33. 13 Geo. 1. C 25. 7 G o. 2. C 18. 27 Geo. 2. C 18. § 2.

2. Indico may be imported in foreign Ships, 7 Geo. 2. C 18. § 2'.

3. A Premium granted on Plantation Indico, 21 Geo. 2, C 30.

See plantations 1, 7.

cocoa^itt^, pace anti

See Coffee, C

To be liccnfed at the Quarter seliions, 15 Car. 2. C 11. § 13.-

<£offee, 'Cea nnu Cfjocolate*

1. The Duty of 4 d. laid on every Gallon of Coffee, and S d. on every Gallon of Chocolate, Sherbet and Tea, 12 Car. 2. C 24. § 26, 27.

2. The Excise taken off, and Customs imposed, 1 IF. (A m.ji. 2.

C 6.

3. Duties granted on Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and Spices, 6 (A 7 W. 3. C 7. 3^ 4 Ann. C 4. § 5. 10 Ann. C 26. § 32.

4. Dirt, (Ac. in Coffee to bedestroyed, 10 Ann. C 26. § 43.

5. Coffee to be exported in the same or like Bales, 5 Geo. 1. C 11. § to. 27 Geo. 7. C 18. § 4.

6. Penalties on mixing Grease, (Ac. with Coffee, 5 Geo. t. C 11. § 23.

7. Licences for importing Tea repealed, 7 Geo. 1. C 21. § 12.

8. Inland Duties imposed on Coffee, Tea and Chocolate, 10 Gw. 1. C ip. — Penalty of counterfeiting Mark, ibid. § 22.

9. Importation of Chocolate and Cocoa Palle, prohibited, 10

Geo. 1. C to. § 2. — Appropriation of Duties to Aggregate and General Funds, 1 Geo. 1. C 12. 3 Geo. 1. C 7.

jo. Penalty on warehouse keepers on undue Delivery of Coffee, 10 Geo. 1. f. 1 o. § 29.

11, Penalty

Coffee, C

11. Penalty on Officer or Roafter not attending, to Geo, I. e. to.

§ 34.

12. Dealers in Brandy, (Ac. having 6 lb. of Coffee, (Ac. to be reputed Dealers, 11 Geo, 1. C 30. § 4,

13. Penalty of adulterating Tea, 11 Geo. 1. C 30. § 5. 4 Geo. 2. C 14. § I I.

14. Tea to be imported only from the Place of Growth, 11 Geo.

1. C 30. § 8.

15. Dealers in Coconuts not to dilpofe of less than a Quarter of a Hundredweight at a Time, 12 Geo. 1. C 28. § 29.

16- Penalty on importing Coconut Shells, 4 Geo. 2. C 14. § 12. 17. Coffee of the Growth of the British Plantations to pay only I 1. 6 d. per Pound Inland Duty, 5 Geo. 2. C 24. js. Penalty of landing Coffee of foreign Growth in America, except from Great Britain, 5 Geo. 2. C 24. § 4.

19. Penalty of false Oath or Affirmation, 5 Geo. 2. C 24. § 5.

20. The Inland Duties on Tea altered, i8g«e. 2. C 26.

2.|. Drawback on Tea taken off, 18 Geo. 2. C 26. § 5.

22. India Company may import Tea by Licence from European Ports, 18 Geo. 2. C 26. § 10,

23. Tea may be imported to Ireland and the Plantations without paying Inland Duty, 2t Geo. 2. C 14.

24. Tea above 6 lb. in British Ships come from Abroad and not employed by the India Company forfeited, 28 Geo. 2. C 21.

25. Additional Duty on Coffee and Chocolate, 32 Geo. 2. C 10.

§ 10.

For other Mattert, see sjnuultp 43, (Ac. cettiojcui 22.

©uttotiie, Call jnct'a ©ontpanp, ©pcife.

Coin mm Coinage, See Money. Colcfjeffei*.

1. For eredling Hospitals and Workhouses there, 13 Geo. 2. C 18.

2. Collectors of the Profits of the Waterworks in Colckefer, charged with the land-tax, 30 Geo. 2, C 3. § 69,

For other Matters, see jdjapcrp,

colc.^eeo.

To what Duty liable, 2 TV. (A m.fejf. 2. C 4. § 31,

Collets of tfje Cuffomg,

Being sued by any but the King may plead the General Issue, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. e. 17.

For other Matters, see ©itftoms,

coilcgc. See Advowfons, Bribery, Jesuits, Physicians, Recusants, Universities.'

cohufion. See Actions Popular i. conu fance of Pleas.

Commiflioirn mm commtflionn g.

1. In all Inquiries Commissions shall be made to some of the Justices of one of the Benches, or of Assise, or Peace, with others of the moult worthy of the Country, 42 Ed. 3. C 4.

2. Commissions to survey the State of the Government, or,

2. C 1. Repealed 21 R. 2. C 2.

3. Procuring such Commissions made Treason, 21 R. 2. C 2.

4. The Chancellor shall relieve Ccmmissioners that are diilrained to return Commissions which they never received, 4 H. 4. C 9.

5. The Barons of the Exchequer shall have Power to discharge Commissioners on their Oaths of Commissions which never came to their Hands, 7 H. 4. C 11.

6. Commissioners to inquire into the Demeanour of Merchants Strangers, 11 If. 4. C 7,

7. Suits before Justices of Assise, Oyer and Gaol delivery, or

Common.

Peace, shall not be discontinued by a new Commission, 1 t Hm

6. C 6. \ed.6.c.y. §2.

8. Commissioners for Peace and Gaol delivery for a Town Corporate are not superseded by a new Commission for the C unty, .2 #3 ph.ia M. C 18.

9. No greater Number of Commissioners to be appointed for ay Office than usual, 4 Ann. C 8. § 28. 6 Ann. C 7. § 27.

10. Commissions of Excise and the Authority of the Officers da not cease upon the Death of the King, 6 Ann. C 3. § 13.

11. Times of the first Meeting of Commissioners for executing certain Acts enlarged, 30 Geo. 2. e. 27 (A 37. 33 Geo. 2. r. 14.

For other Matters, see sp luntval, Iffc. 9. ©fjauccrp 15, 16,

©uttome, 3dcdimue fjotcttatcm, ©jtct'fc, ^ojefte 38, (Ac. 3hifuraucc 1, (Ac.

Comtm'flioncrg of tlje Stmiirnltp.

See Admiral.

commi'fltonets of Cljaritatrte 0fes.

See Charitable Ules.

dommiflloneco fo? Ccclcfiafitcal Catifc«.

See High commission court.

commissionei s of tlje Customs?.

1. To be appointed in every Port, 1 fa. 2. C 4. §11.

2. thecjfloms may be put under one or more Commissions, 9 Geo, 1. C 21. § 1.

3. The King empowered to increase the Number of Commissioners, 9 Geo. 1. C 21. § 2.

For other Matters, see cuttottls, and the several Sorts of Customablc Goods.

dcmmfflioiicrg Of Crcife. See Excise. Coumuflionets of tlje eat Sfcnl.

How to execute the Power of the Lord Chancellor, and what Place to take, 1 W. iff M. fess. 1. C 21.

For other Matters, see ©ljauccl‘2

Comnufiioners of tlje jlano=cnr.

See land-tax.

Commitment.

What Examination is to be taken upon a Commitment for Felony. 2 (A 3 PAM. C 10.

For aether Matters, see aol, itjabcag ©ojpug, and

foners.

Common

1. By Occasion of a Mill, sheep coat, (Ac. no Assise of Difjeifn of Common shall lie, St. tveflm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 46. Nor foe ahouse with three Acres, 3 (A \ed.6. C 3. § 5 (A 6.

2. Usurpation of Common within the Time of Limitation of a

mortde.vcefer, shall not gain atitle, St. Wejhn. 2. 13 Ed. 1.

C 46.

3. Commons to be driven yearly, and unlikely Horses to be killed, 32 II 8. C 13.

4. How Commons shall be fenced to preserve the Spring of Wood, 3 5 II 8. C 17.

5. Eurning of Ling and Heath prohibited, 7 fa. 1. C 17.

6. Burning of Gofs, Furze, Heath orfern, in Chases or Forests, by disorderly Persons, punifbed, z8 Geo. 2. C 19. § 3.

For other Matter', see ^cmcaftivcmcnt, (Ac. 2jp»j0i>f» ment, ©nlenbar 2. jfc'rils, i^ojfcs 4, (Ac. i^omu ftolb cstootis,

Comment

Contrition.

conffnw*.

Common f9fens.

1. Shall be held in a certain Place, M. C tu. 3. C 11. and r, ot in the Exchequer, 28 Ed. 1. ft. 3. C 4.

2. Shall not be removed without Adjournment, 2 Ed. 3. C 11. Ear aether Matters, fa clju'ogl'njftjcl' 2, <£jcl)cqilcl' 10. ftilkg.

Common Fiapet. See Service and Sacraments.

Common Kecotwp. See Fine. Concealment.

No Title to be impeached on Pretence of Concealment, unless the Title of the Crown appeared within sixty Years before that Parliament, 21 fa. 1, C 2.

For other Matters, see 'hjaftatb 3. customs.

Contsftion.

1. Grantees of Reversions shall have the Benefit of and be subject to Conditions and Covenants, 32 H. 8. C 34.

2. Lessees to have the like Remedy against them, 32 H. 8. C 34.

§ 2.

3. Power of Commissioners with Regard to conditional Conveyances of Bankrupt, 21 fa. I. r. 19. § 13.

a. Plaintiff ibav allien many breaches of the Condition of a Bond, 4 8 IV 3. C 11. § 8..

3. Forfeitures to the King by nonperformance of Conditions and Covenants excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Get. 2. C 52. § 33.

For other Matter, see ©jants Of tl)c ittttg.

conututg in jlonoon.

How to be made and repaired, 35 H. 8. C 10.

Conge o'cfll'te. See Bishops.

Com'eg. See Game.

Confirmation

1. Of judicial Proceedings, 1 Ed. 4. C I. ■ 12 Car. 2. e. 12.

2. Of the Parliament, 12 Car. 2. 13 Car. 2. ft. 1. C 7, it, 14.

Confutation.

Penalty of Pillory, con pretending to Conjuration, 9 Geo. 2. ' (• 5- § 4-

See J'clom'cs teit'oout Clevgp, Title Cftitcl; craft.

Ccnfcfencc. See Court of Conscience and Debt.

Confeetatfon of 2$lfijop£. See Bishops.

Confimflf casu

1. Where a Case in like Reason happens, the Clerks in the Chancery shall agree upon a Writ, or adjourn the plaintiif to Parliament, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 24.

2. Assise of Nuisance lies against Alienee, 13 Ed. 1. C 24.

Confpt'tato^.

1. Judges of Affile, C shall inquire of and punith conspirators, false Informers and Procurers of Juries, Art, super Cartat, 28 Ed. i.jl. 3. C 10. 4 Ed. 3. C 11,

2. Who to be deemed Conspirators, 33 Ed. 1, ft. 2.

3. Conspirators, tsv. to be attached, 33 Edict. 3.

4. Judges to inquire ex ojftcio if there be the place named in the Indictment, 7 H. 5.

5. Conspiracies by Viftuallers and Handicraftlmeo, to raise their Prices, prohibited, 2 & 3 Ed. 6. e. 15.

For Conspiracies against Privy Counfollors, see couttcil.

For other Matters, see Appeal 8. outlaldfp.

Constable.

1. Not to hold Pleas of the Crown, M. C 9 H. 3. C 17.

2. In every Hundred and Franchise two Constables shall be chosen to make the View of Armour, sv. 13 Ed. \. ft. 2. C 6.

3. Penalty on Conflables omitting to execute the Aft against cutting Corn, robbing Orchards, ssy. 43 El. C 7. § 2.

4. High Constables, tffc. may hold Statute Sessions, 5 El. C 4.

§48.

5. Conffable, how to plead the .General fffue and to have Cods,

7 fa. I. C 3. 21 fa. I. C 12.

6. Their Oath enlarged to present all Offences contrary to 1 fa.

1. C 9. 21 fa. I. C 7. $ 3.

7. Penalty on Conltables neglecting to execute Warrant on Offenders keeping Alehouses without Licence, tftc. 3 Car. 1. C 3. §3.

8. May be appointed by two Justices of Peace in Default of the Lord of the Leet, 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 1 z. § 15.

9. Penalty on Constables neglecting to execute Aft against un iicenfed Hawkers, 9 W. 3. C 27. § 7.

10. Penalty on Constables not returning Lists of Jurors, 3 Ann. C >8. § 3.

11. Constables, C to attend Fires, 6 Ann. e. 31. §5.

12. 201. Penalty on Constables neglecting to execute the Acts against retailing Spirituous Liquors, 11 Geo. 2. C 26. § 7.

13. Penalty on Constables omitting to execute the Act against swearing, 19 Geo. 2. C 21. § 7.

14. On Notice of a bawdy house, Constable to prosecute, 25 Geo. 2. C 36. — Penalty on neglecting. ibid. § 7.

15. No Action to be brought against Constable till Demand of Copy of the Warrant, z4 Geo. 2. C 44. § 6.

16. Eighty Constables to be appointed by Leet Jury, for west minster, 29 Geo. 2. C 25. § I.

17. Penalty on Constables neglecting to provide Wagons, Ifc. for the Army, 30 Geo. 2. C 6. § 41. or for the Marines, C 11. § 25. or for the Militia;, C 25. § 50.

18. Penalty on Constables taking Money to excuse from quartering Soldiers, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § z6 & 66, dsy.

19. High Constable to obey the Orders of the Court to be held in Pursuance of 31 Geo. 2. C 17. § 12.

zo. None to be Constables who are sixty three or upwards, 31 Geo. 2. C 17. § 13.

For other Matters, see 33. fti^tlttta 23, C dftott

confojmi&s 11. Cftales, c<heigl)t0.

Conffable nnfi ^atfijal of Cnglanti.

1. Shall not hold Plea of Matters touching the common-law,

8 R. 2. C 5.

2. Shall be restrained by supersedeas under the Privy Seal, 13 R.

2. ft. 1. C 2.

For other Matters, see appeals 3.

Confulnffe.

1. The Duty of Confulage at Liston regulated, 8 Geo. 1. C 17..

2. For collecting the British Confulage at Cadiz, 9 Geo. 2. C 23.

3. For collecting the Confulage at Leghorn, 10 Geo. 2. C 14.

Confutation. See Prohibition.

Contempts,

etoopettf.

Copper.

Cojn, C

* \

1. None shall distrain for Amends without Award of Court, nor refuse to permit the Service of Process on Pain of Ransom, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. r. 1, 2, 3.

2. Bishops to be punished for Contempts by Fine only, 25 Ed. 3. Ji. 3. C

3. Contempts excepted Out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. §58, 59.

Continuance.

1. Days to be given in the Bench, Dies communes in Banco, 51 H. 3. ft. z. Dies communes .in dote, ft. 3.

2. What Days shall be given in Dower unde, C Darrein preferment, and Square imp edit, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 12.

3. General Continuance of Statutes, 1 Car. 1. C 7. 16 Car. 1.

r. 4. '

4. Continuance of judicial Proceedings, 12 Car. 2. C 3. 1 If.

13 M. C 4.

Contra fo?mam Collatfonio

The Writ given, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. ft. 1. C 41..

Conttaffg. See Bank y. Frauds, C

Contribution

Where on Recovery against Hundred, Inhabitants shall make Contribution, 27 El. C 13. § 3.

Conocnticleo. See Nonconformists, Quakers.

conoocaticn.

•1. The Clergy to have the same. Liberty in coming, tarrying and returning, as Members of Parliament, 8 If. 6. C 1.

2 They shall make no Canons without the king's Assent, nor aifemble without his Writ, 25 H. 8. C 19.

comjcpo aim Cnufcrg.

How appointed for the Security of Trade, 6 Ann. C 13.

Couufancc of ipleas.

1, Lords of Ancient Demesne not to lose their Conufance by being named Difleifors, 13c. 9 H. 4. c.j.

2. Lords not to lose their Conufance by Defaults made by col lusion, 8 H. 6. C 26.

coltfuap, (Margaret.)

How provided for, 12 Geo. I. C 33. §29.

Cooprrg.

1. No Brewer shall use thetrade of a Cooper, 23 H. 8. C 4. § 1.

2. The Contents of Barrels, C for Beer, Ale, and Soap, 23 H. 8. C 4. § 3.

3. veitels to be marked by a Cooper, 23 H. 8. C 4. § 4.

4. The Warden to search and gauge veitels in London, 23 H. 8. r. 4. § 7.

5. Penalty on their not being of full Contents, 23 H. 8. C 4.

§8.

6. Mayor, 13 C in other Towns, to search in like Manner, 23 H.

8. C 4. § 9.

7. Penalty of diminiihing veitels, 23 H. 8. C 4. §11.

8. Coopers to Mark their veitels, 23 H. 8. C 4. § 14.

9. The Prices of Caiks fixed, 35 H. 8. C 8. — Shall be fixed by the Head officers of Towns Corporate, 8 El. C 9.

10. No Calks or veitels to be hooped, 13c. in the Streets, 2 If.

& M. ft. 2. C 8. § 4. s

For other Matters, see uurer, dtjjclxicrs 4. dnmgmoj.

Copper.

1. Exportation of Brass, Copper, 13c. prohibited, 33 H. S. C 7. 2b?3 Ed. 6. C 37.

2. Copperplates, and Copper fully wrought, to what Duties liable, 4 !f.l3m. C 3. § 2.

3. All Copper may be exported paying the lawful Duties and Cuiloms, 5 If. 13 M. C 17.

4. Imported Copper may be exported, 9 13 to W. 3. C 26.

12 Ann. ft. 1. C 18. § 4. 26 Geo. 2. C 32. § 2. — No

drawback but on east india or Barb ary Copper, 12 Ann, ft. 1. r. 18. § 5.

5. British Copper and Brass Wire may be exported free, 7 Ann, C 8. § 8.

6. Copper Ore of the Plantations to be brought to Great Britain,

8 Geo. 1. C 18. § 22. 27 Geo. 2. C 18. § 5.

For other Matters, see hijjagci's Q. Coals 53. ^clotltcs

toitb and toftljout delergp, i^tnes, ^onep

79, iftc. f&eldtcvejs,

Coppijolber atm Copying.

1. Vendees of bankrupt's Copyhold Lands to compound with, the Lord, 13 El. C 7. § 3.

2. The Copyhold of a Popish Recusant convict, departing five Miles from the Place of his Abode, forfeited, 3; El. C 2. § 5.

3. Decrees in the Exchequer chamber and Duchy court, concerning'copyholds, confirmed, 7 fa, 1. C 21.

4. Services of Copyhold saved, 12 Car. 2. r. 24, § 7.

5. Copyholds how subjected to the Decrees of Com million ers of Sewers, 7 Ann. C 10.

6. Remedy for the Lords to recover the Fines of Copyholds belonging to Infants or Femes Covert, 9 Geo. 1. C 29, — Guardian orhuiband paying, to be reimbursed, ibid § 4.

7. Copyholders not to vote for Knights of the Shire, 31 Geo. 2.

14. § 1.'

8. Assignees where to'pay Fines for Copyholds, 1 Geo. 3. C 17.

§ 14-

For other Matters, see djfcbotofott 6. jfofcible <£ntrg 6. usecufantc 8. iscgittcr 3. Sellers 13. Stamps,

Cojal aim Cojal 'Beat.

To what Duties liable, 4 W. (3 M. C 5. § 2.

co?ha0c, See Cables.

(kdjtltuaincl'si See Shoemakers;

Cojit aim <£?afn.

1. The Price of Wheat, Barley and Oats, how to be inquired of, 31 FI. 3. ft. 6.

2. Corn shall not be sold heaped, except Oats, Malt and Meal, Or din. fro plftor. incerti temp. C 9. voll. 1s6.

3. Price of a Buihel of Wheat ten Pence, 25 Ed. 3. ft'. 1. C r.

4. Measure of Corn shall be ilricken, without heap, 25 Ed. 3.

ft. 5. r. 10.

5. Exportation of Corn prohibited, 34 Ed. 3. C 20. 1 13 2. P.

13 M. C 5.

6. Eight Buihels of Corn or Malt to the Quarter, 15 R. 2, C 4.

1 H. 5. C 10. § 2. 11 H. 7• e. 4.

7. Exportation of Corn permitted, but the Council may restrain

it, 17 R. 2. C 4#. 6. C 5.

8. Exportation permitted when it does not exceed the Prices mentioned, 15 H. 6. C 2. 20 H. 6. C 6. 23 IF. 6. C 5. 1 13

2 P. 13 M. C 5. t El. C 11. § 11. 5 El. C 5. §26. 13 El.

C 13. 35 El. C 7. $ 23. 1 fa. I. C 2q. §. z6. 21 fa; I.

C 28. § 3. 3 Car. I. C 4. § 24. 12 Car. 2. C 4. § II 15

Car. 2. C 7. 22 Car. 2. C 13.

, 9. Impor

:

Com, C Coroner Cojpojationg.

9. Importation prohibited when the Corn does not exceed certain Prices, 3 Ed. 4. C 2.

10. Contents of the Measure of a Bushel of Wheat, 12 h.j.

‘ %■

i t. Corn shipped in the Severn to be brought to Erifto', 34 (ft 35 H. 8. C 9. § 3. iz. Dealers in Corn, ease. and Drovers to be licensed by the ju (lices, 5 y 6 Ed. 6. C 14. § 7, 12, 16. 5 El. C 1 2.

13. In what Cases Corn may ire regrated or ingrossed, 5 bf 6

Ed. 6. C 14. § 12, 13. 5 El. C iz. § 7.

14. Justices of Peace to compel those who cut down Corn growing to make Satisfadlion, 43 El. C 7.

15. Corn and Salt to be sold by Winch eft er Measure, 22 Car. 2. C 8. §2.

16. Additional Duty on French Barley, 22 Car. 2. C 13. § 3.

17. Corn, (ftc. not to be sold without measuring, 22 Esf 23 Car. 2.

e. 12 § 2.

18. Justices, arid Mayor and Aldermen in London, may determine

the Price of Corn, with respect to Exportation, (ftc. 1 Ja. 2. C 19. 2 Geo. 1. C IS. 5 Geo. 2. C 12.

19. Bounty granted on Exportation of Corn, not exceeding the

Prices mentioned, 1 W. (ft M. C 12. (ft C 24. § 18. 2 Geo. 2.

C 18. § 4.

20. Where Corn exported from Berwick entitled to Bounty, 1 W, (ft M. C 24. § 18.

21. Prohibited to be exported for one Year, 10 W. 3. C 3.

22. Suspension of the Bounty for one Year, 11 fv. 3. C 1.

23. Corn may be exported Dutyfree, n (ft 1 z W. 3. C 20.

24. When the Colledtor of the Port has not Money to pay the Bounty, it shall be paid at the customhouse in London, 12 (ft 13 W. 3. C 10. § 93.

23. Corn may be conveyed on the Thames by Tranftres, 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 26. § r.

26. Fees on small Quantities, 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 26. § 2.

27. Bounty on Oatmeal and Bigg exported, 5 Ann. C 29. 10.

28. On Malt exported,; Ann. C 29. § 15.

29. Exportation of Corn rellrained for a Time, 8 Ann. C 2. (ft C 11.

30. What to be deemed the Price of Corn, when Justices do not certify, 2 Geo. 2. C 18.

31. Corn entitled to Eounty to be measured, 2 Geo. 2. C 18. § 4.

32. Grand Juries at Sessions to present the price of Corn, 5 Geo. 2. C 12.

33. Imported Corn not to be carried Coastwise, 5 Geo. 2. C 12.

§; • ...

34. Penalties of Whipping, (ftc. on riotously hindering the Exportation of Corn, 11 Geo. 2. C 22.

35. Dcftloying Corn in Granary or Ship, Transportation, ji Geo.

2. C 22. § 2.

36. The Damage to be Satisfied by the Hundred, 11 Geo. 2. C 22.

§ 5-

37. Exportation of Corn prohibited for a Time, 14 Geo. 2. C 3.

38. The Bounty on ground Corn to be regulated by Weight, 24 Geo. 2. C 56.

39. Interest to be paid on Debentures for the Bounty of Corn exported, 26 Geo. 2. C 15.

40. Prohibited to be exported before 25 Dec. 1757, 30 Geo. 2. C 1. Except to the isle of Man, 30 Geo. 2. C 9. § I 3.

41. Corn, (ftc. to be imported for a limited Time Duty free, 30 Geo. 2. C 7. (ft C 9. § 14. C 14.

42. Corn and other Vidluals prohibited to be exported from the Plantations during the War with France, 30 Geo. 2. C 9.

43. The making low Wines or Spirits from any Sort of Grain prohibited for two Months, 30 Geo. 2. C 10. till 11 Dec. 1757. 30 Gcc. 2. C 15.

44. Corn market cftablilhed at Weftninfter, 31 Geo. 2. C 25.

§ 1-

45. Forms of the Returns of Prices of Grain, 31 Geo. 2. C 29.

§ u.

46. Penalty of adulterating Corn or Flower, 31 Geo. 2. C 29-§ 22. Explained and amended by 3 Gee. 3. C u.

47. Magiilrate may search Mills, bake houses, (ftc. 31 Geo. 2. C 29. § 29.

48. Appropriation of Penalties for adulterating Bread, 32 Geo. 2. C 18.

For other Matters, fee■ 3h5flt)get Of CH, ffijattdp 58, 61, (ftc. 4. Conftnblcs 3. felonies tottf) ann

totthout tfldcvgv, ante 8. alt n. Itacationa 2. cctfgbl jgc of 2.

1. Power to make Leases of the Duchy of Cornwall, 21 Ja. 1.

C 29. 1 Car. 1. C 2. 13 Car. 2. ft. 2. C 4. 22 Car. 2.

C 7. 25 Car. 2. C 3. I Ja. 2. C 9. 5 W. (ft M. C 18. I 2 If 13 W. 3. C 1 3. I Ann. ft. 1. C 7. § 8. 6 Ann. C 2;.

I z Ann. ft. 2. C 22. 24 Gee. 2. C 50. I g o. 3. C 11.

2. Assizes for Cornwall not confined to Launceston, 1 Geo. 1. e. 45.

3. Leases of Prince of Wales of Lands in Cornwall where good, 10 Geo. 2. C 29. § 9, 10, 11.

4. What Leases and Grants by the King shall be good, 33 Geo. 2. C 10.

For other Matters, see Coals 47. Ijojfcff,

Coroner.

1. Not to hold Pleas of the Crown, MC. 9 H. 3. C 17.

2. Punishment for concealing Felons, St. Weftm. 3 Ed. 1. C 9.

3. Shall be Sufficient, and shall take nothing for doing their Office, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C to.

4. Directions for their Duty, Ojfic. Ccron. 4 ed.'l. ft. 2. St. Wall. 12 Edi. See Appendix.

5. Diredlions for inquiring into the Behaviour of Coroners, St. E 'On. 14 Ed. 1.

6. The Coroner of the County shall adlwith the Coroner of the Houlhold, in Case of Felonies committed within the Houffiold, Art. super Cart. 28 Ed. 1. ft. 3. C 3. — Coroner not tobecho fen, unless he have Land in See Sufficient within the County, 14 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 8.

7. Shall be elected by the Counties, 28 ed.$.c.6.

8. Shall return the Inquest on Riots, where the Sheriffs make Default, 2 E. 5./ 1. C 8. 5 1.

9. The Duty of the Coroner on the View of a Body (lain, 3 H. 7. 0. 1.

10. To have 13/. 4^. of the Goods of the Slayer, 3 h.j. C 1.

11. Shall have no See for the View of a Body (lain by mifedven ture, 1 H. 8. C 7.

I 1 z. Justices of Affwe and of the Peace shall inquire and determine the Faults of Coroners, 1 H. 8. C 7.

13. The king's Coroner shall exercise his Office within the Verge, 32 H. 8., C 20. § 7.

14. Shall put the Evidence in Writing that is given before them, 1 (ft 2 P. (ft M. C 13. § 5. And bind Witnesses to appear, ibid.

15. The Fees of Coroners ascertained, 25 Gee. 2. C 29.

16. Coroners convicted of Extortion or wilful Neglect, maybe removed, 25 Geo. 2 c■ 29. § 6.

For Other Matters, see 3j«cflart> 2. cjtflls,

dltecfe,

co$o?ati'on0.

1. To enjoy their Franchises as ufaal, 1 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 9.

2. To be restrained by Justices of the Peace from making unreasonable Bylaws, 15 H. 6. C 6.

3. Not to make or execute Acts or Ordinances, except the same be approved by Chancellor, (ftc. 28 II 8. C 5.

4. The Majority in all Corporations shall bind the rest, 33 H. 8. C 27.

5. Their Power of inrolling Bargains and Sales by Hulbandand Wife confirmed, 34 (ft 35 H. 8. C 22.

Cojpojfltfoitg*

G. The King may grant Commissions to furrey Corporations,

i Ed. 6. C 14* § io

7. Mayors, (Ac. of Towns Corporate being fufid, may plead the General Issue, and have double Costs, 7 Ja. 1. C 5. 21

Ja. 1. C 12.

g. Corporations confirmed and regulated, 13 Car. 2. ft. 2. e. 1.

In Part repealed by 5 Geo. ic. 6. o: None to be elected into a Corporation Office, unless he have y taken the Sacrament within a Year before, 13 Car. 2. ft. 2. C 1. § 12. And see 5 Geo. t. C 6. § 3. it Geo. 1. C 4 § 6.

10. Officers having the Return of Members of Parliament, Shall not be chosen a second Year, 9 Ann. e. 20. § 8,

11. Prosecutions upon the Corporation Aft 13 Car. 2. to becom

• menced within six Months, 5 Geo. 1. C 6. § 3.

12. A sling as Corporate Bodies to the Prejudice of Trade prohibited, 6 Geo. ic. 18. § 18.

13. Corporation not dissolved for want of an Election of a chief Officer on the Charter day, but may cleft on the Day after,

11 Geo. 1. C 4.

14. Where the Election is omitted, the king's Bench to award a Mandamus, n Geo. I. C 4. $ 2.

For other Matters, see 0i5t' 3ballls 2. Cflatter, cotltmtc cotts 8. (ffilestoug, affairs, Itonton, Monopolies 6.

fto^po^atiou of tfje ©onis of tfje Clerijp.

They and their Tenants how except from the land-tax, 30 Geo.

2. C 3. § 22, 23.

€o?pu$s cum cattfa.

1. Writ of Corpus cum Causa not to discharge Prisoner in Execution, 2 H. 5. ft. 1. C 2.

2. A Writ of Habeas Corpus to an inferior Court, mull be delivered before any of the Jury are sworn, 43 El. C 5.

3. Shall not be allowed unless delivered before Blue or Demurrer joined, so as it be joined within six Weeks after Arrest or Appearance, 21 Ja. 1. C 23.

4 Where the Suit amounts not to 5 I. it shall not be removed, 21 Ja. 1. C 23. Notwirhftanding that there may be other Actions exceeding 5/. 12 Geo. 1. C 29. § 3.

For other Matters, see Bail, Certiorari,

£o?fc jp^cfcnt. See Mortuaries.

Cofinage. See Mortdancefter.

Coftg.

1. Costs shall be.given where Damages are given, St. Gloue. 6 Ed.

1. e. I.

2. Where the Chancellor finds a plaintiff's Suggestion untrue, he shall award Damages to the Defendant, 17 R. 2. C 6.

3. Defendant in Error to have Costs, 3 H. 7. C 10. 19 H. 7.

C 20.

4. Costs given to Avowants, 7 H. 8. C 4. 2: H. 8. C ig, Al

• to the Defendant upon Nonsuit or Verdict in several Species of Actions, 23 H. 8. C 15. In all Actions where the Plaintiff may have Costs, 4 Ja. I. C 3. On a Nonsuit for want of a Declaration in the king's Bench or Common Pleas, 13 Car.

2. ft. 2. C 2. § 3.

5. Plaintiffs that sue to the Use of the King fnall not pay Costs, 24 H. 8. C 8.

6. The King shall recover his Debts with Costs, 33 H. 8. C 39. § 54-

7. If the Plaintiff do not declare or is nonsuit in the king's Bench, marjhal/ea, or any inferior Court, the Defendant shall have Costs, 8 EL e. 2.

8. Costs and Damages to be recovered against an Informer on a penal sta ute, 18 El. C 5. § 3.

j. In personal Actions if'the Judge certifies that the Debt or Da vol. IX Tab.

coffjef.

mages do not amount to 401. the Plaintiff shall have no more in Costs, 43 El. C 6. § z. to. Attorneys where liable to Costs, 3 Jae. 1. r. 7. § I. 2 Geo. 2. e. 23. §23. 12 Geo. 2. C 13. § 7.

11. In Actions for Words, where the Damages do not amount to 40s. the Plaintiff shall have no more in Coils, 21 Ja. 1. C 16. § 6.

12. Defendant to have Costs, where Plaintiff might have had them, 4 Ja. 1. C 3. § 2.

13. Costs to be given in the Stannary Courts, 16 Car. 1 .e. 15- § 5. 14; In Trespass, (Ac. in the Courts at Westminster, wherein the

Damages shall not amount to 40/. and the Judge shall not certify, (Ac. the Plaintiff flail have no more Costs, 22 (A 23 Car. 2. C 9. § 136. Extended to Wales and the Counties Palatine, 11 (A 12 W. 3. C 9.

15. Full Costs against inferior Tradesmen and Apprentices for Trespasses in Hunting, 4 (A 5 W. (A M. C 23. § 10.

16. Six Shillings and eight pence to be taken instead of the Capias pro fine, and added to the Plaintiff's Costs, 5 W. id M. C 12.

17. In Actions against several , where one of the Defendants is acquitted, he may have Costs, 8 W. 3. C 11.

18. A Defendant shall have Costs on a Judgement upon Demurrer, 8 3, C 11. § 2.

19. Costs given against a Plaintiff in Error, 8 W. 3. C 11. § 2.

20. Costs given in Waste, Debt for Tithes, Scire facias and Prohibition, 8 W. 3. C 11. § 3. ^

21. In wilful Trespass'certified by the Judge, 8 W. 3. C 11. § 4. Not to alter Law as to Executors and Adminillrators, ibid. § 3.

22. How Costs shall be awarded to the Plaintiff where the Defendant has pleaded several Pleas, 4 Anr.. C 16. § 5.

23. Court of Equity to give Costs to be taxed on plaintiff's dismissing his own Bill, or on Dismission for want of Prosecution, 4 Ann. C t6. § 23.

24. Costs given on quafhing a Writ of Error, 3 Ann. e. 16. § 75.

25. Costs given for not going on to Trhl, 14 Geo. 2. e. 1 7. $ 4. For other Matters, see Attaint IO. ufottferupts 3. usjouers

6. Certiorari 9. Cbelfea cctater=£ctorfc0 2. Court of Conscience, (Ac. 4. sdantagcs 5. idcbt to ana from 11)2 &tng 2i, - (Ac. sdjapcrp, 71, (Ac. aft- -- 19, (Ac. Crroj 23. Cyctfe 13, (Ac. fioici= ble cntrt'j (Ac. 3. ^fo?tita jstaupcrfs 3. €>ola ana j&tlbcr 39. s?fgl)lx>aps 38. information. 6, 12, 13. ittfurance 11. lotteries 3. mani)amu0 3> 4. fipr* pljans 6. *>tccfe=; obbfng 3. utitljcs 10, 22, 23.

coffs double, tufiece. ‘

1. For Persons wrongfully cited out of their own Diocese, 23 H. 8, C g. § 3.

2. Against Defendant convicted of Forgery, 5 El. C 14. § 2, 3.

3. On Decrees against infu ers, 43 El. C iz. §3.

4. On Actions against Peace Officers, 7 Jac. 1. C 5.

5. Against Monopolizers, 21 Jac. I. C 3. § 4.

b. For Officers executing Excise Laws, 12 Cur. 2. C 23. § 33. And subsequent Acts.

7. On affirmance of Judgement after Verdict, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. ft. 2. C 1. § 9.

8. For Extortion, (Ac. in customhouse Officers, 13 (A 14 Car.

2. C II §34.

9. Where in Appeals in Excise, to be paid by original prosecutors, 15 Car. 2. C II § 19.

10. For Defendant executing the Aft for regulating the Price, (Ac. of Coals, 16(a 17 Car. 2. C 2. §4.

11. For Defendant acting in pursuance of the Aft for rebuilding London, 22 Car. 2. C II § 83.

12. Orof the Aft for regulating the making kiddern.injhr Stuffs, 22 (A 23 Car. 2. C 8. § 16.

13. For Persons executing the Aft for rebuilding Northampton, 27 Car, 2, C I. § 11.

F

14. For

14. For Plaintiff on Aft concerning the Highways, 3 W. 15 M.

C 12. § 25. 1 G 0. if. §13. 24 Geo. 2. C 43. § 1 1.

13. For Perfcns executing the Aft for recovery, of small Tithes, 7 fcj 8 IV 3. C 6. § 13.

16. Against Offenders on the Aft for suppressing Lotteries, iot? 11 W. 3. C 17. § 3.

17. forperfons executing the Aft for better governing Watermen, 11 {5 12 IV 3. C 21. § 11.

18. forperfons making Seizure in pursuance of Aft for prohibiting Importation of Scotch Linen into Inland, 1 Ann ft• 2. C 8. §8.

19. For Persons executing the Aft concerning Salt Duties, 5 Geo. •1. C 18. § 27.

20. For Plaintiffrccovering on Game Law, 8 Geo. 1, C 19. § 1.

21. For Defendant executing Aft f<jr supplying the City with - Water, 8 Geo. 1. C 26. § 12.

22. For Persons sued for anything done in pursuance of Aft for

preventing Abuses in weighing Butter in York, 8 Geo. 1. C 27.

§ 3. _,

23. On recovery for Offences against the Aft for better regulating the Coal Trade, 3 Geo. 2. C 26. § t6.

24. Against Defendant laying Wagers, ts‘c. on Price of Stocks,

7 Geo. 2, C 8. § 1.

25. For Defendant fuecl for diftralning for Rent, 11. Geo. 2. C 19. § 21.

26. For Defendants in Avowry, 11 Geo. 2. C 19. § 22.

27. A gain It Offenders on the Aft for preventing unlawful Gaming, 13 Gio. 2. C 19. § 2.

2 2. For Defendants executing Aft for recovering small Debts in London, l^geo. 2. C 10. §6.

29. For Defendant acting in suppressing Rebellion, 19 Geo. z.. C 39. § 18. '

30. For Plaintiff on the Aft for support of Seamen, 20 Geo. 2. C 38. § 39. For Defendant executing said Act, ibid. § 40.

31. For Persons acting in pursuance of the Aft for the more easy recovery of small Debts in Middlesex, 23 G o. 2. C 33. § 18.

32. forperfons executing the Aft for regulating the Navigation of the Thames, Sec. 24 Geo. 2. C 8. § 24.

33. For Defendants sued for executing the Aft for regulating Drivers of Carts, 30 Geo. 2. C 22. § 15.

34. For Defendants executing the Aft concerning Pawnbrokers, and to prevent Gaming, 30 Geo. 2. C 24. § 22.

35. For Plaintiff against Justice of Peace on judge's certifying, 24 Geo. 2. C 44. § 7.

36. For Defendant acting in pursuance cf the Aft to enforce Attendance of Jurymen, 29 Geo. 2. C ig. § 4.

37. For Defendant acting in pursuance of Aft for preserving Fiflt, 30 Geo. 2. C 21. § 16.

treble tytjctc*

1. Against such as sue in fictitious Name, C 8 El. C 2. § 4.

2. For Defendant executing the Aft for reforming Weights and Measures, 16 Car. 1. C 19. § 9.

3. In Error on Affirmance of Judgement after Verdict, 13 Car. 2. ft r. IO.

4. For Plaintiffs on Aft against Gaming, 16 Car. 2. C 7. §.3.

5. For Defendants executing the Aft against Importation of Foreign Cattle, 20 Car. 2. C 7. § 8.

6. Or the Acts concerning Highways, 22 Car. 2. C 12. § 3.

8 Geo. 2. C 20. § 18.

7. Or the Aft for burying in Woollen, 30 Car. 2. ft. I. C 3. § 11.

8. Where on the Acts concerning Wool, 1 W. <3 M. ft. 1. C 32.

§10. 7 y S LV 3. C 28. -§ 8, ip, 12. g & 10 IV 3. C

40. § 6.

9. ' For Defendants executing the Game Aft, 4 c5 3 W. 15 M.

C 23. § 9.

10. Or the Aft against throwing Squibs, 9 Iff 10 TV. 3. C 7. § 6.

11. Or the Acts concerning Silks, 9 15 10 W. 3. C 43. f 11.

gdoffgf)

8 Geo. 1. C 15. § 23. 23 Geo. 2. 0. 20. § 5. 26 Geo. 2,

C 21. § 9. '

12. Or for executing Excise Laws, 10 W. 3. C 21. § 21.

13. For Defendants sued for executing the Aft for ascertaining the Measures for retailing Ain, sv. 11 £s' 12 IV 3. C 15. § 8.

14. On Acts concerning Workhouse, and Hoprmarket in Wor- _

after, 2 Ann. C 8.'§ 34. 4 Gto., 2. C 2;. $ IO.

15. For the Defendant executing the Aft for preventing. Fire,

6 Ann., C 31.. § 6.

16. Where against particular Members of the Bank, 7, Ann. C 7.

§ 6$.

17. For Defendant executing the Acts for regulating the Cloth

Trade, 7 Ann. C 13. § 9. 10 Ann. C 16. § 10. 1 Geo. I.

C 15. §9. 11 Geo. I. C 24. §20. 11 Geo. 2. C 28. § 15.

18; Against Stamp Officers neglecting Duty, 8 Ann. C 9. §44.

19. Or the Aft concerning Tobacco and Snuff, 1 Geo. 1. C 46.

'§• 6. - •,. ■

20. For Defendants on the Aft against making Cloth Buttons,

4 Geo. 1. C 7. § 7. 7'geo. 1. C 12. § 6.

21. For Defendant executing the Aft against deer stealers, 5 Geo.

1. r. 15. § 3.

22. Or the Acts concerning the Cuftqms, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. ^ 26-

9 Geo. C 35. § 37. - ' -;

23. Or the Acts concerning Coffee and Tea, 10 Geo. 1. C IO.

§ 44. 2 1 Geo. 2. C 14. § 6.

24. Or the Acts concerning gunpowder, 11 Geo. 1. C 23. § j.

4 Geo. 2. C 29. § 7. 15 Geo. 2. C 32. § 5. 22 Geo. 2. C

38. § 8.

25. Or the Aft for preventing Frauds in Dying, 13 Geo. 1. C 24.

§ 7. ■

26. Or the Acts for improving the Fifhcry, 2 Geo. 2. C 19,

§ 16. 33 Gee. 2. C 27. §. 20. 22 Geo. 2. C 49. § 20.

29 Geo. 2. 0. 39. § 16.

27. Or the Salt Aft, 3 Geo. 2. C 20. § 24.

28. Against Offenders against the Aft for regulating Coal Trade,

4 Geo. 2. C 30. § 1.

29. For Defendants executing the Aft against Gaming, 10 Geo. 2.

e. 28. § 8. _ _

30. Or for executing the Acts concerning Spirituous Liquors, 11

Geo. 2. CL 26. § 3. 16 Geo. 2. C 8. §6. 33 Geo. 2. C 9.

§20. 33 Geo. 2. C 28. §16.

31. Or the Acts concerning Gold and Silver, 12 Geo. 2- C 26.

§ 23. 1; Geo. 2. C 20. § 10. 22 Geo. 2. C 36. § 9. 29

Geo. 2. e. 14. § 15.

32. Or the Aft against Lotteries, 12 Geo. 2. C 28. § 12.

33. Or the Aft for the more easy affeffmg County Rates, 12 Geo.

2. C 29. § 24.

34. For Defendants executing Plantation Laws, 12 Geo. C 30.

§ 14. 24 Geo. 2, r. 31. § 9. 30 Geo. 2. e. 9. § 16.

35. Against Sheriff for not paying reward for taking sheep llealers, 14 Geo. 2. C 6. § 2.

36. For Defendants acting under Aft for opening Trade to rujjia, 14 Geo. 2, e. 36. § 5.

37. Against Sheriff for not paying reward on convifting Offenders counterfeiting Money, 15 Geo. 2. C 28. §7,

38. For Defendant acting under the Aftagainft Vagrants, 17 Geo. 2. C s § 34.

39. For Defendant executing the Acts for enlightening and widening the Streets, 17 Geo. 2. C 29. §40. 33 Gto. 2. C 30.

§ 32-

40. For Defendants prosecuted on the Acts concerning Eieftions

of Members of Parliament, 18 Geo. 2. C 18. § 16. 19 Geo.

2. C 28. § 12. 31 Geo. 2. C 14. § 3.

41. On Actions against Jufdces of Peace, 18 Geo. 2. C 20. §8.

42. Or for executing the Excise Laws in general, 18 Gre. 2. r.

26. § 15.

43. Or the Aft granting Duties on Glass, cig Geo. 2. C 12.

§ 82.

44. Or the Aft against ftvearing, 19 Geo. 2. 0. zi. § 11.

45. Or;

Cotton

Council.

45, Or the Aft for laying Duties on Houses, 20 Geo. 2. C 3. § 66«, '

'46. Or the Aft for making Indico, 21 Geo. 2. C 30. § 18.

47. For the Defendants executing the Aft for securing Duties on Coals, 22 Geo. 2. C 37. § '2.

48. Or the Acts for the recovery of. small Debts, 22 Geo. 2. C

47. § 17. 23 Geo. 2. C 27, § 23. 23 Geo. 2. C .30. § 24.

49. Where on the Aft concerning Quarentine, 26 g«h 2. r. 6. § 16, 21,

50. For Defendant executing the Stamp Acts, 29 Geo. 2. C 12.

§ 28. 29 Geo. 2. C 13. § it. 30 Geo. 2. C 19. §74. 32

Geo. 2. C 35. § 23.

51 Or the Acts concerning Linen abd Cambricks, 2g Geo. 2. C 15. § 15. 32 Geo. 2. C 32. § 10.

52. Or the Aft concerning Constables, Jurymen, CC iggeo. 2.

e. 25. § 19. 31 Geo. 2. C 17. § 21.

53. Or the Aft 'against Healing Lead, Iron, iac\ 2g Geo. 2. C 30. §10.

54. Or the Aft for widening London Bridge, zg'geo. 2. C 40.1

§43. 31 Geo, 2. C 20. § 8.

53. Or the Aft against retailing unlicensed Wine, 30 Geo. 2. C j9 § 74

56. Or Militia Aft, 30 Geo. 2. C '25. §72. L Jequent,

57. Or the Aft laying Taxon Houses, tftc. 31 Geo. 2. c.-22. § 31. CM

58. Or the Aft for establishing Corn market, 31 Geo; 2. C 25. § 29*

59. Or for executing the Aft for the due making of Bread, 31 Geo. 2. C 29. §41.

tio. Or the Aft concerning Hay and Straw, r Geo. 2. C '40.

f 19-,

61. Or the Aft permitting the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland. 32 Geoi 2. c.tjv'§ 2.

62, Or the Aft concerning Lastage and Ballastage, '32 Geo. 2. C i6., § 29.

‘63. Against Officers' offending against Aft for the Relief of Debtors, 0, 2 Geo. 2. C 28. §22..

64. For Defendant executing the Aft to prevent Woollen Goods 'of France to be imported into thelevant' Seas, 32 Geo. 2. r/34. §.13... .... rs - -

-6;. Or the land Tax, 4, G. V 2. § 36.

66. Or Malt Acts, 33 Geoe IV efft §'24. ■ $3geo.'2'. e. 7. §61. IA sequent.

67. Or for Officers executing the Aft of Insolvency, 1 Geo, 3. C 17. §28.

68. For Defendant sued after due Discharge, '1 Geo. 3. C 17. §129.

69. Or for Perfors aftingunder Mutiny Aft,, 4 gtc. 3, C 3. § 60,

Cottage

T. Penalty on Persons erecting Cottages, and not laying four Acres of Ground to them, 31 El. C 7. § 1.

2; And on those that maintain such Cottages, 31 El. C 7. $ 2.

3. Or suffer more Families than one to dwell in one Cottage, 31 El. C 7. §3 Offences inquirable at the Leet, ibid.

4. Exceptions in favour, of Cottages, in Boroughs or Market, Towns, and those of, labourers.in Mines or Quarries, or in

Brick, Tile, Lime, or Coals, 31 El. C 7. § 4 Cf 5.

5. And of such as are within a Mile of the Sea, inhabited by Sailors, CM or in a Forest, Chase, ', Warren or Park, and of those of Herdmen, Shepherds, or impotent Persons.. of those made by Order of Affixes 6r Sessions, 31 El. C 7. §'8.

6. Cottages not to pay for window.lighis, 20 Geo. 2. C 2. § 29.

For other Matters, 'fee shtuutfal, CM 7.

• ' iantj, pop?.

Cotton

1. Not within 27 H. 8. concerning the true Making of Cloth, 27 H. 8, C 12, § 3,

, 2. Clauses concerning the Length, Breadth, and Weight of Cottons in general, 43 El. C 10. § 4, 5, 6.

•3. And particularly of Welch and lancaft.irc, or Cheshire Cotton, 5 fcf 6 Ed. 6. C 6. § 16, 25. 4 Cf 5 Ph. IA m. C 5. § 11,

13. 3 Jac> !• C 17. 21 ja. 1* C 28. §5. 3 Car. 1. C 4.

§26.

4. Concerning the putting of Hair, Flocks or Yam in Cotton, 5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 6, § 26., 18 El. C 18. § 3, 43 El. C 10,

§ 1. 21 Ja. 1. C 28. § 3.

3. Restraints on the exporting of Cotton, or offering it to Sale before it is duly fealeil, 5 & 6 Ed. 6, C § 29, 30, 413' 5

ph.lam. C 5. § 21, CM

6. Amends to be made by those that shall export faulty Cottons

5 (A 6 Ed. 6. C 6. § 33,. 4 & 5 P. & Ah C 5. § 18, 43

El. C 10. § 9, 10.

7. Penalties on those that shall counterfeit, or unduly fet to, or

take away Cotton Seals, 3 Cf 6 Ed. 6. C 6, § 48. 4 Cf j

Ph. MC. 5. ^ 20.

8. Those that buy Welch Cottons to sell again, shall put them

$0 Sheermen, Cottoners, or Frizers, to be wrought, 4 y y Ph. Cf M. C 3. § 12. 8 El. C 7. § 4, 3.

9. Cottons to be paid in Money, 8 El. C 7. §6.

10. Penalty on Manufacturers embeziling Cotton, CM i Ann. ft. 2. C 18, § 1.

n. cotton‘manufaftures to what Duties liable on Importation, 4 W. Cf M. C '5. § 2. ft Of 4 Ann. C 4. § 8.

12. Freed from Duties on Exportation, and all Draperies freed from Aulnage Duties, 11 Cf 12 W. 3. C 20.

13. Justices of Peace top'uniffi Workmen in imbezilling Cotton,

and the Receivers, and to hear and determine the Wages, Frauds and Defaults of Workmen, 1 Ann. ft. ic, 18. 13

Geo. 2. C 8.

14. Penalties for wearing Calicoes extended to Stuns made of or

mixed with Cotton, 7 Geo. 1. jl. 1. C y'.'ft 10. 9 graz.

r e 1.

15. Stealing Cotton out of Places used for whitening or drying

it. Felony without Clergy, 4 Geo. 2. C 16. 18 Geo. 2 C 27.

For other Matters, see Artificers 9. 5d; apctp 44, 7s, (Ac.

iunneit, plantations 1, CM

C ■ - V 1

Cottonian lit^arp.

How settled and preserved, 12 Cf 13 W. 3. C 7. 5 Ann. C 30,

26 Geo. 2. C 22. § 9.

Covenant.

1. Sometimes a real Action, St. Wall. 12 Edi. in Appendix.

2. Grantees of Reverfious shall have the Benefit of Covenants and Conditions, 32 H. 8.' C 34.

3. The words grant, bargain and Jell, amount to express Covenants, 6 Arm. C 33. § 30.

4. Implied in Deeds of Bargain and Sale in the North riding of Yorkshire, 8 Geo. 2. C 6. § 35.

For other Matters, see collottlolt I, 5, Obligation 2.

®jfcs,, CM

Coiienttp* See Bishops 13.

'Ballad: made a Parish Church, CM 7 Geo. 2. C 27,

cobenttp Scf*

Made 22 Cf 23 Car. 2. C 1.

See sbjjaimittg.;

ccjfjol'iot#. See Norwichs York,

Council.

1. Cenfpiracies against Privy Counsellors, how to be inquired into, 3 H. 7. C 14.

2. Rioters shall answer before the Council on Certificate of the Justices, 13 II 4. C 7. § 2.

F 2

3. The

County Cours

3. The jurisdiction of the Privy Council over Estates, ifc. taken away, 16 Car. 1. e. 10. § 5.

4. Resolution of the Council to be signed by the Counsellors, 12 IV 3, C 2. Repealed, 4 Ann. C 8. § 24,

For other Matters, see tufblult I. jfclouieg tdl'tt) a tit)

totthout Clergy, &tng, ifc. 49. jfjaturalt^atton 6,

ifc. pti jes 6.

Councils! General.

None to go out of the Realm to Assemblies for Religion, 25 H• 8, C 21. § 20.

Cotmfcllo?*

1. Not puniihable for flicwing a faife Deed in Evidence, 5 El. V 14. §. 13.

2. No Recusant to be acounfellor, 3 fa. 1, C 5. § 8.

Counterfeiters! nut) Clippers of $9oney.

See Money.

Counterfeit letters.

Penalties on Persons getting Money or Goods into their possession by Colour of a counterfeit Letter, 33 H. 8. C 1.

For other Matters, see jlettets.

cottuterfei'tuiq; tfje eat and Pjtoy Seal.

See Seals.

Counter jroifs.

In what Cases Sheriffs shall have Counter Rolls with the Coroner, 3 Ed. 1. C to.

County Court.

1. Shall be held but from Month to Month, MC. 9 H. 3. C 35.

2 if 3 EJ. 6. C 25.

2. Rarretors, ifc. not to be Attorneys in the .County Court,

3 Ed. 1. C 33.

3. Justices may punish Sheriffs for Misdemeanours in the County,

11 H. 7. C 15.

4. The County Court of Suffix shall be held alternately at cbi chsfter and Lewis, 19 H. 7. e. 24.

5. The County Court of Northumberland shall be held at alnwick, 2 if 3 Ed. 6. C 25. § 3.

6. Those which use to be held on the Monday for York, shall be held on the ivedtufday, 7 if 8 IV 3. C 25. § 9.

For other Matters, see spttojtttcs I, z, 39- ©btftet 6. U

betttess, f&itltament 94, ifc. Sheriffs, Curn.

Counties! Palatine.

j. Writs of Capias against Riots, ifc. in such Counties how to be awarded, 2 H. 5. fi. 1. C 9. 8 H. b. C 14.

2. Commissioners of Sewers in the Counties Palatine, 23 FI, 8. r. § 18 if zo.

3. The king's Leases of Lands and Grants of Offices how to pass in the County Palatine of Lancaster, 27 H. 8. C 11. § 6, 7.

4. Writs and Indictments to be in the king's Name, 27 H. 8. C 24, 5 3, 4, 5.

5. The 34 and 3.5 H. 8. concerning Transcripts of Attainders, ifc. extends not to Counties Palatine, 34 if 35 H. 8. C 14. § 5-

6. Fines and Recoveries in them how levied, suffered and exemplified, 37 H. 8. a 19. 2 if 3 Ed. 6. C 28. 5 El. C 27.

27 El. C 9.

jj. Proclamations on Exigents how awarded in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster, j Ed. 6. C IQ. $ if 6 Ed. 6. C 26.

Counties! palatine.

8. Cuflot Rotulorum to be appointed as formerly, 3 fcf 4 £/. 6. C 1. § 5.

g. Writs of Excommunicato Capiendo, how executed, 5 El. C 23.

§ 11.

10. Jurors how returned, 5 El. C 23. 3 Geo. 2. C 2j. § 4, 10,

11, 14.

j 1. And where there may be a Tales, C El. C 23. 14 El. C 9.

12. Where the Jurors shall lose their lflues, and where they shall be discharged, 5 El. C 25. § 3, 4, 3.

13. Penalty upon Sheriffs for returning iftueson Jurors not warned, 5 El. C 23. § 6.

14. Inrolments of Bargains or Sales good, 3 El. C 26.

1 r. Sheriffs to account as formerly, 13 14 Car. 2. C 21. § g.

3 Geo. 1. C 15. § 7 if 23.

16. 17 Car. 2, concerning Replevins and Avowries, and 22 if

23 Car. 2. restraining frivolous Suits, extended to Counties Palatine, 19 Car. 2. C 5. 11 if 12 IV 3. C 9.

17. Sureties to be found on granting Certiorari in Counties Palatine, 5 if 6 IV if M. C 11. § 3.

18. Officers within the Counties Palatine not to hold Persons to

Special Bail upon Writs out of the Courts at Wefminster under 20/. 11 12 fr. 3. C 9. § 2.

19. Regulations in taking the Poll at Eledtions, 10 Ann. C 23.

§ 7-

20. The Sheriffs of Chester to take the usual Oaths, 3 Geo. 1. C

15. § 20.

21. Judgments, how signed, and to what Time they shall relate, 8 Geo. 1. C 25. § 6.

22. Juries how to be summoned in Counties Palatine, 3 Geo. 2. C 23. § 10.

23. Prisoners in Execution within the Precinct of the County Palatine of Chester how relieved, 3 Geo. 2. C 27. § 4.

24. Where a Bill in Equity shall be taken pro Confeffo, 5 Geo. 2. C 23. § 9.

25. Small Debts how recovered, 6 Geo. 2. r. 14. § 1, 2.

26: And special Juries appointed in such Counties, 6 Geo. 2. r. 37. § 2.

27. Infants in Counties Palatine enabled to convey by Order of the respective Courts belonging to those Counties, 4 Geo. 3. C 16.

For other Matters, see 35tt0fttfes 44. Cbeftet, 3duvjwm,

habeas ©ojpus 6. ilancafter, Sheriff 51. Wales,

County Eatcsf.

1. One general Rate directed to be made for Bridges, ifc. 12 Geo. 2. C 29.

2. Justices to contrast for Repairs, 12 Geo. 2. C 29. § 14.

3. Justices to make but one Rate for Middlesex, 12 Geo. 2. C 29,

§ 15.

4. Extended to Franchises having separate Commissions of the Peace, 13 Geo. 2. C 18. § 7.

For other Matters, see hujibgcg 5. ©ctttofati 27.

grants 14, 18, ifc.

County Ctcafutet*

To pay Charges of Transporting Felons, 6 Geo. 1. f. 23. § 3.'

For other Matters, see ^djtfotts 21.

Courier

To what Duties liable, 4 w.if M. C 5,

Couttg*

1. The Court of Augmentations established, 27 H. 8. C 27.

2. The Court of Firstfruits, 32 H. 8. C 45.

3. The Court of Wards, 32 H. 8. C 46. 33 H. 8. C 22.

4. The President and Council of Wales, 32 H. 8. C 30. Taken away, 1 IV if M. C 27. g if 10 IV 3. C 16.

5: The Court of Surveyors of the king's Lands, 33 H, 8. C 39.

6. the

Courts

£• The Courts erefled by King Henry S. may be dissolved or united, 7 Ed, 6. C z. 1 M. ft, 2. C 10.

7. Lands that were Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall remain under the Survey of the Court of the Duchy, 2 £2' 3 P.

(A M. C 20.

8. The Court of the Star■ Chamber, (Ac. taken away, 16 Car. 1, C to.

9. The Court of Wards and Liveries taken away, 12 Car. 2. e. 24.

10. African Company may erect Courts of Judicature, 25 Geo. 2. C 40. § 6.

For other Matters, see citalec,

Court of 9tmu'raltp.

1. His Majesty empowered to give further Rules to the Courts of Admiralty, 29 gs. 2. C 34. §32.

2. Registers of C ourts of Admiralty in America, to transmit yearly to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hoffital, Copies of Letters of Attorney, 29 Geo. 2. C 34. § 35.

For other Matters, see 3pt>mital and J3jt-3C0.

Court Xaron ana Court licet See Leet. Court c&^tfffatu See Ecclesiastical Court. Court Of Cottfci'ence* See Debt. Court of Confrtence In rtje Citp of Ionium.

J, Howto summon Persons indebted under 40 s. except for real Contracts or Matters belonging to the Spiritual Court, and make Orders touching such Debts, 3 fa. 1. C 15. § 2, 6.

2. And administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Defendant, 3 fa.

*• »5 § 3-

3. And punish those that refuse to appear, or obey their Order,

Jja. 1. r. 15, § 4.

4. - Colls, how recoverable against Londoners, for firing in other

Courts for Debts which may be sued for in this Court, 3 fa. 1. C 15. §4.

Court of Delegates

How to determine Appeals, 25 S 8. C 19. §4. 8 El. C 5,

Court of Common plea See Common Pleas.

Court Of c.rcfmurt* See Exchequer. Courts inferfo?.

1. No Foreigner shall be distrained in any City, isc. for Debt, whereof he is not Debtor or Pledge, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 23.

2. Lords or their Bailiffs not to arrell on foreign Pleas, on Pain of double Damages, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 35.

3. Stewards, (Ac. shall pay treble Damages for distraining on Suits procured by them, St. Weftm. 2. 12 Ed. 1. C 36.

4. No dihrefs shall be taken but by Bailiff sworn and known, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 37.

5. Abbots may make Attorneys in the Courts of Staincliffe and Frendles, 3 H. 5. C 2.

6. All Persons may make their Attorneys in County Courts and Courts Baron, 5 H. 5.

7. In Courts of I iepoudre the Plaintiff shall swear that the Cause

of Action accrued within the Time and Jurisdiction of the Fair, 17 Ed. 4. C 2. 1 R. 3. C 6.

For other Matters, see ^ttojltl'es, co?pu0 cuttt Crtltfa 2,

. (Ac. Cotts 7. jdebt, (Ac. stales,

Cretan lanti#.

Court Of iklllg'g 25entf). See king's Bench. Court leet. See Leet.

Court partial.

1. Directions for Trials by court-martial, 22 Geo. 2. e. 33. 30 Geo. 2. C 6. (A C 11.

2. Offences on board of Ships cognizable by a court-martial, to be tried by a court-martial, 29 Geo. 2. C 34. § 34.

3. Officers of the Militia and the ^rmy not to sit indifcriminacely in court-martial, 30 Geo. 2. C 23. § 47.

For other Matters, see Call 3! tibia Company 3 3. 3lil>cr tiee 24. ^ibatcers 4. i&fctp0 85, (Ac. jboldiere,

Court Of pl'powier. See Fairs.

Court of ©efliem fit <gcotlaim. See Scotland Courts.

Court of 0urtcp. See Survey.

Court of ©harti0 an Ltoerteg.

Abolished by 12 Car. 2. C 24.

For other Matter, see tenure.

Cotiertetg.

How made in Yorh, 34 (A 3; H. 8. C 10.

In Norwich, See Iptojfolh,

Coverture. See Baron and Feme, cou&tiaije.

In Writ of Coufinage, (Ac. Plea that Demandant is not next Heir is to be admitted, 13 Ed. 1. C 20.

cra00tf, (James, Esquire.)

His Ellate how forfeited and applied, 7 Geo. 1. ft. 1. C 28.

Crtppiegate. See Churches.

Croton aim Croton jlantig.

1. Tenants of Crown Lands how relieved in Cases of Forfeiture for nonpayment of Rent, 21 fa. t. C 23.

2: south-sea Company purchasing Crown Lands, what to forfeit, 6 Geo. 1. C 4. § 66.

For other Matters, see litittg and j9atctu0,

Crotog aim koo&g.

1. Rewards for destroyir.g them, 24 H. 8. C to.

2. Other Provisions for destroying Vermin, 8 El. C 13,

Crucffirt

How to be searched for and defaced, 3 fa. 1. C 5. § 26,

Crufferg. See Convoys.

Cut lit 2jita

I. Given to the Wife for the Recovery of Lands Lofi by the hat band's Default, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 3.

2. Shall

Ctttfietis*'

■2. Shall not be delayednonage of the Heir that ought to warrant, 13 Ed. 1. C 40.

Culm See Coals,

. •*. cummanti.

1. The Assizes, Where to be held, 14. H. 6. e. 3.

2. The Penalty for relieving Outlaws for Felony, 43 El. C 13,

§ S

v3. The making of Cogware, csv. how encouraged, 7 yvr. 1, C 16.

• felonies tm'tl; cut Clehgl.%

Curated*

How provided for, 12 Aim. ft. 2. C 12«

For other Matters, see cijfcul's.

Curia Cfttfuss aquit'e*

The Right of the Duke of Richmond and Lenox for holding a Court called Curia Cursus Aquae, not prejudiced by 11 if 12 If. 3. 11 If 12 If. 3. el. §14.

‘currant See Grocery Ware. Currier

1. Not to occupy the Mystery of a Shoemaker, 19 H. 7. C 19.

2. How they shall perform their Work, 24 H. 8. C 1. zlf 3.

Ed. 6. C g. .1 Rif ft. 3. C 8. 1 El. C 8. 1 fa. 1. C zz.

§ 22, Ifc.

3. Cutters of Leather in London shall not curry it at hqme, 5 &

6 Ed'. 6. C 15. § 7. 1 j

4. Leather Cutters in London shall give Notice to a Currier of (he Leather that they buy, and deliver it to be curried within three Weeks, 13 ftf 14 Car. 2. C 7. § 13.

-5. The Curriers of London may fearcli for Leather, 13 if 14 Car. 2. C 7. § 14.

6. Penalty on Curriers negletting to curry Leather, 12 Geo. 2. C 23. § 4.

7. Exclusive Privileges given to the Curriers of London, by 1 fa.

1 C 22.' Repealed, 12 Geo. 2. C 23. §7.

For other Matters, see ihcntljcr, jajuins, and tfaitllctc.

Ctttfiltff* See Swearing.

See Chancery.

See Tenant by the Courtesy.

Customs

1. Merchants may buy and fell by the ancient and right cu stems, M. C g H. 3. C 30.

2. The Ancient accounting for Customs, St. de Scac. 51 H. 3.

y.?. § 6.

3. The Customs upon Wine, Cloth, csv. suspended, St. de Siauvford, 2 Ed. 2.

4. Credit shall be given to a merchant's Papers for the Value of his Goods, 27 Ed. 3. ft. z. C 26.

3. No Matter shall lose his Ship for atrifle not customed without his Knowledge, 38 Ed. 3. C 8.

6. No Cullomcror Comptroller shall have'ships, or meddle with the Freight, 14^. 2. C 10.

7. Officers of the Customs shall have their Offices at Will, 14

R. 2. C 10. 17 R. 2. C 5. 1 H. 4. C 13. 31 H. 6. C 5.

8. Cullomers and Comptrollers shall reside upon their Offices,

and not make Deputies, 1 H. 4. C 13. 4 H. 4. C 20.

tfufioittf*

9. Ships shall be laden and discharged in the Great Ports, and not in Creeks, 4 H. 4. C 20.

10. The Searchers shall reside on their Office, and make no Deputy, nor take more'fees than shall be appuinted, 4 H. 4.' C zi.

11. No'common Hottiler shall be an Officer of the Customs,

11 H. 4. C 2.,

iz. The Officers shall not be absent above three Weeks, 13 H. 4. 5-

13. Officers concealing the Moneys received to forfeit treble Value, 3 H. 6. C 3. 18 El. C 9. § 5.

14. Shall give Discharges for'the Customs paid, 11 H. 6. C 13.

15. Sealing blank Cocquets prohibited, 11 H. 6. C 16.

16. Officers not to have Ships, Wharves or Taverns, 20 H.

C 3. -

17. Goods imported into Whales and thence into England without •paying Customs forfeited, 20 H. 6. C 7.

18. Penalty of 40/. on Officers diltraining Ships or Goods unduly, 28 H. 6. e. 3.

19. Offices how to be granted, 31 H. 6. C 3.

20. Subsidies granted to the King for Life, 12 Ed. 4. C 3. 6 H. 8. C 14.

21. One man's Goods not to be entered in another's Name, 3 H. 7. C 7. Repealed, 1. H. 8. C 5.

22. Certificate to be made of Goods removed to another Port,

3 H. 7. C 7. 11 H. 7. C 6.

23. no.common Officer in a Borough to be a Customer, 3 H. 7. '• 7-

24. An Alien made Denizen shall pay Aliens Customs, I H. 7, cz. 11 H. 7. C 14. zz H. 8. C 8.

25. One Englishmon may enter Goods in another englifh/nani Name, 1 U. 8. C 5. But not to defraud the King of his Customs, 2 & Ed. 6. C zz.

26. Subjects sworn to foreign Princes to pay as Aliens, 14 Cs" 15

H. 8. 4.

27. Returning to be restored, And havel a Writ out of. Chancery,

H & ‘5 HE 4- § 3-

28. Penalty on Officers giving a false Certificate, 33 H. 8. C 7.

29. Customable Goods to be laden and landed in the daytime, and in an open Place, le. e.ii.

30. Penalty on Officers concealing Offences, 1 El. C 11. §7.

31. This Aift not to prejudice certain Welch Counties, 1 El. C

11. §12.

32. Grant of the Subsidies of Tonnage and.poundage, 12 Car. z.

C 4.

33. Rates on Merchandise Car. 2. C 4. — -

34. Appropriation of Duties to Aggregate and General Funds,

1 Geo. 1. C 12. 3 Geo. I. C 7. 12 Geo. 2. C 21.

33. Fish exported not to pay, 12 Car. 2. C 4. §3..

36. Goods which may be exported, 12 Car. 2. C 4. § 10.

37. Diverse Goodsimportcd in foreign Ship deemed Aliens Goods, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 11.

38. Penalty on Officers of Customs allowing Privilege to Ships unduly, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § g.

39. A Duty on French Ships, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 17.

40. A Warrant of Aflillance to be granted to search for uncu homed Goods, 12 Car. 2. C 19.

41. For preventing Frauds in the Customs, 13 Cs i\car. 2. C 11j

42. No Ships shall be above three Days in coming from grave send, 1 3 Esf 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 2.

43. Ships not to take on board Goods outward bound before Entry, 13 1 4 Car. 2. C 11. § 3.

44. Officers of the Customs may search Ships, 13 Csf 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 4.

43. The Penalty of abusing Officers, 13 Cif 14 Car. 2. C 11.

§6.

46. Foreign built Ships not to have the Privilege of English, 13 Lj 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 6.

47. Goods not to be landed or waterborne but in presence of an

Officer,

Cuffomsu

Officer. — Nor carried Coastwise without a Cocquet, 13 £jf 14 Car. 2. C 11. ^ 7- King to appoint Ports for landing. Hid. § 14.

48. Officers where disabled, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. e.11. § 8. 4 IV (A M. C 5. § 23.

49. There shall be no Party Jury in Causes of the Customs, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. f. 11. § 1 1. r

50. Penalty oh Officers guilty of Bribery, 13 y 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 19. — Penalty on Persons offering Bribe, 9 Gee. 2. C 25. § 24.

51. Goods not to be brought from the Netherlands or Germany,

13 y 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 23.

52. Penalty on French Ships not paying Duty, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 24.

53. For the rating of Vinegar, Perry, Rape and Cyder, 13 (A

14 Car. 2. C 11. § 23.

54. Defendants may have Commission to examine Witnesses beyond Sea, 13 y 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 29,

55. Penalties of Extortion, 13 ft? 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 34.

56. Duty oii small Ships going to the Mediterranean, 13 y 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 35.

57. Vessels of Fish excepted, 13 y 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 36.

38. Penalty for refilling Officers of the Customs, 15 Car. 2. C 7. §19-

59. Aliens Duty taken off from rfative Commodities, 25 Car. 2. C 6.

61. The Import 1690 laid, 2 IV (A M. ft. 2. C 4.

62. The Import 1690 continued and made perpetual by 9 Ann. C 21. y 3 Geo. 1. C g. and Part of the South Sea Fund.

63. During the Continuance of the Aft 2 IV y M. ft. 2. C 4. there shall be an Office in London to receive the Moneys, z IV y M. ft. 2. C 10. § 20. — officer's Fees for extraordinary Attendance, 6 y 7 IV 3. C 7. § 14.

64. The Import 1692, 4 IV y M. C 5.

65. The Import 1692 continued and made perpetual by 9 Ann. C 21. y 3 Geo. 1. C 9. and Part of South Sea Fund.

66. Notice to be given of importing Foreign Alamodes, 4 W.

yi C 5. § i4.

67. Penalties on enduing prohibited or uncustomed Goods, TV. (am.c. 15. §14.

.68. Commissioners to be sworn before the Earons of the Exchequer, 6 IV y M. C 1. § 3.

69. Any one may sue for Penalty of Insuring uncullomed Goods, 8 y 9 W. 3. C 36.

70. How Debentures are to be allowed, 7 (A 8 W. 3. e. 10. § 12.

71. Additional Duty on French Goods, 7 y 8 W. 3. r. 20. § 3. — Made perpetual, 1 Geo. 1. r. 12. and Part of Aggregate Fund.

72. The new Subsidy and other Duties granted to King Militant

for Life, 9 y 10 IF". 3. C 23. — Drawback on Plantation Sugar, 9 y 10 W. 3. C 23. § 8, 9. 2 Ann. C 9. § 3.

73. Continued, 1 Gre. 3. ft. 1. during his majesty's Life, towards Civil List, and made Part of Aggregate Fund.

74. The export Duties upon Woollen Manufadlures, Corn, (Ac. taken away, 11 (A 12 IV 3. C 20.

75. The One Third Subsidy granted, 2 (A 3 Ann. C 9.

76. The Duties 2 r. 9. made perpetual, and Part of the Aggregate Fund, 1 Ge. 1. C 12. 3 Gr<?. 1. r. 8. 5 Gro. i. C 3.

77. The Two Thirds Subsidy granted, 3 (A 4 Ann. C 5. — Made

perpetual and Part of Aggregate Fund by 7 Ann. C 7. 1 Geo.

1. C 12, Sec.

78. Laws of the Customs extended to Scotland, 6 Ann. a. 26. § 17.

79. Forfeiture of treble Value against Persons to whole Hands uncustomed or prohibited Goods shall come, 8 Ann. C 7. f 17.

80. Claimers of seized Goods to give Security for Colls, 8 Ann. C 7. § 63.

81. Forfeiture of double Drawback on Persons to whose Hands Certificate Goods shall come, 8 Ann, C 13- §16,

s2. Continuance of the Officers Fees, 8 Ann, C 13. § 26.

83. Penalty on Officer imbezilling Goods, % Ann. C 13. §27.

84. Head Offices of Customs, Excise and Stamps perpetuated,. 9 Ann. C 21. § 12.

86. Deputations of the Officers do not cease by the Death or Removal of the Commissioners, 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 8. §13.

^7. Uncustomed Goods that have been warehoused 12 Months, to be publicly sold, 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 8. § 11.

88. Drawbacks to continue as long as Duties, 3 Geo. I. C 7. h 4°

89. Rum not to be imported in Calks of less than 20 Gallons,

5 Geo. 1. r. 11. § 2, 27 Geo. 2. C 18. § 4.

90. Penalty on taking in Goods at Sea to be run, 5 Geo. 1. C 1, 1.

§ 3. 27 Geo. 2, C 18. § 4.

91. Goods not reported and found after clearing forfeited, 5 Geo.

1. C 11. § 4.

92. Certificate to be produced from Ireland of the landing of Goods, 5 Geo. 1. C 11. §5.

93. Forfeiture on landing prohibited or certificate Goods, 5 Geo.

1. C 11. § 6.

94. Package of certificate Goods not to be opened in Port,

5 Geo. i. C II § 7.

95. Officers may enter Ships of 30 Tonnes hovering on the Coast, (Ac. 5 Geo. 1. C 11. § 8.

96. Penalty on collufivc Seizures, 5 Geo. 1. C it. § 24.

97. In Trials relating to Customs and Excise, Evidence may be

given of an officer's Authority, (Ac. as of a haft, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 24. 11 Geo. 1. C 30. § 32.

98. Refilling Officers to the number of eight, to be transported,

6 Geo. 1. c.21. § 34. to the Number of five, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. §6.

99. Officers may Hop and warehouse customablc Goods till claimed, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 39.

100. Where Claimer entitled to Costs, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. §41.•

101. Time for exporting imported Goods enlarged to three Years,

7 Geo. 1, C 21. § io.

102. The export Duties on Goods of British Product, except al lcm, (Ac. taken off, 8 Geo. 1. C 13. § 7.

103. Dying Drugs may be imported free, 8 Geo. 1. C 15. § io„

104. A Duty on dying Drugs exported, 8 Geo. 1. C 15. $ 11. 10;. The Rate on Beavers Skins lelfened, 8gv0. 1. C 15. § 13.

106. The Duty on Pepper reduced, 8 Geo. 1. C 15, § 15.

107. Duties on Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs, ascertained, $ Geo.

1. r. 13. § 17.

108. Boats on the Thames, Scc. with more than four Oars to be forfeited, 8 Geo. 1. C is. § 3.

109. Penalty on receiving run Goods, 8 Geo. 1, C 18. § 10. 27 Geo. 2. C 18. § 5.

no. A Capias to go in the first Instance against Runners of Goods,.

8 Geo. 1. C 18. § 13..

111. Seizures of small Ships, Horses, (Ac. may be proceeded on by Justices of Peace, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. § 16.

112. Goods unshipped from coasting Vessels before the Cocquet produced, (Ac. forfeited, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. §18.

113. Foreign Goods unihipped without the Presence of an Officer forfeited, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. § 18.

114. Additional Duty on Apples, 8 Geo. 1. C 20. §46. 11

Geo. 1. C 7. § II Io Geo. 2. C 27. § I.

115. Purchase of wool key for the customhouse, 8 Geo. 1.

r. 31..

116. The Customs in England and Scotland may be put under one or two Commissions, 9 Geo. 1. C 2 i.

117. Foreign Goods carried Coastwise otherwise than by Certificate forfeited, 9 Geo. I. C 21. § 8.

i is. Goods unrated before rated in a new Book, 11 Geo. 1. C 7. 119. Officer may purchase Goods at ten percent, above the importer's Rate, 11 Geo. 1. C 7. §8. j20. Penalty of concealing run Goods, 11 Geo. 1. C 30.

121. Run Goods offered to s2le may be seized by any Person, II Geo, 1, C 30. § 18.

122. Run.

Customs.

Cutlers.'

cyoetj CI

122. Run Goods sold may be seized by the Seller, it Geo. i. C 30. § 20.

123. Condemned Tea, Coffee, dc. how to be sold, 12 Geo. 1. C 28. § t.

124.. No Officer of Customs or Excise to deal in Tea, Coffee, Brandy, dc. 12 Geo. 1. C 28. § 7.

125. The Onus probnndi to lie on the Claimer of foreign Goods, 12 Geo. 1. C 28. j 8.

126. Condemned Ships may be used by Officers of Culloms, fife. 12 Geo. 1. C 28. § 14.

127. The Jullices to cause Seizures to be appraised, 12 Geo. 1. C

28. § 16.

128. Officers empowered to open the Package of certificate Goods, 12 Geo. t. C 28. § 17.

129. Certificate Goods ffiipped without Warrant or Presence of an Officer forfeited, 12 Geo. 1. C 28. § 18.

130. Warehoused Goods to be sold unless the Duties be paid, dc. within six Months, 1 2 Geo. 1. C 28. § 19.

131. No Drawback to be allowed for Tobacco, or other foreign Commodities exported to the isle of Man, 12 Geo. 1. C 28. § 21.

132. Persons in Prion for Frauds relating to the Customs or Excise to plead within one Term, otherwise Judgement, 12 Geo.

1. C 28. § 27.

133. None but the Attorney General or Officers to file Informations relating to the Customs or Excise, 1 2 Geo. 1. C 28. § 28.

134. Aft of Indemnity for Offences againll the Laws of Customs

and Excite, 9 Geo. 2. e. 3 5. 18 Geo. 2. C 28.

133. Persons deemed Smuglers, and the Penalty on such, 6 Geo.

2. C 35. § 13.

136. Pei Ions loitering near the Coast, dc. to run goods, to be imprisoned, 9 Geo. 2. C 3;. § 18.

137. Tea, Brandy, £iff. offered to Sale may be flopped, 9 Geo. 2. r. 3;. § 20.

138. Penalties on carrying run Goods, 9 Gra. 2. e. 35, §21.

139. Tea or Brandy in small Parcels may be seized on board hovering Ships within two Leagues of the Coast, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § 22.

140. Foreign Goods unlhipped within four Leagues of the Coast forfeited, 9 Geo. 2. C 33. § 23.

141. Penalty of bribing Officers, dc. 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § z4.

142. Concealed Goods not reported forfeited, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § 27.

143. Forcibly obstructing Officers on shipboard, Transportation, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § 28.

144. Officers may search coasting Ships, 9 Geo. 2. C 33. § 29. 143. In Trials of Seizures the Regularity of ihe Seizure iha)l be

admitted, 9 Geo. 2. C 33. § 34.

146. Officers may oppose Force by Force, 9 Geo. 2. e. 33. § 35.

147. Drawback on exporting foreign Paper taken off, 10 Geo. 2. C 27. § 4.

148. Duty on foreign Oysters, logra. 2. <. 30.

149. Claimersof seized Ships to give Security for Colls, 13 Geo. 2. C 31. § 7.

150. Foreign Goods maybe taken out of Warehouses and refreshed, 1 5 Geo. 2. C 3 1. § 8.

151. Glass Beads to pay asgreat Bugles, 17 Geo. 2. C 31.

132. Smuglers before 1 May 1745 indemnified, is Geo. 2. C 28.

h 1.

15 5. Persons charged with being armed and assembled for the Running of Goods, dc. and not surrendering pursuant to Order of Council, attainted of Felony, 19 Geo. 2. C 34. 26 Geo.

2. C 32. (Continued by 4 Geo. 3. t. 12.)

134. Order for Surrender to be published in the Gazelle, rg Geo. 2. C 34. 5 2.

1-5.5. Harbouring Offenders Transportation, 19 Geo. 2. C 34. § 3.

156. Damage forcibly done to customhouse Officers, dc. to be made goodbye the Hundred, 19 Geo, 2. C 34. § 6.

157. Reward of discovering Accomplices, 19 Geo. 2.' C 34. $ 11.

158. Offenders against the Customs indemnified on Condition of entering on board his majesty's Ships, 19 Geo. 2. C 34. § 13. 30 Geo. 2, C 29.

159. On Informations for. Seizures the Person who seized the Goods not to pay Costs, if there was a probable Cause: : in Aflions, dc. for the sel .ire the Defendant excused from Costs, if probable Cause, 19 Geo. 2. C 34. § 16.

160. All Offences against the Laws of the Customs, and all Moneys arising from any Customs, dc. excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 32. § 28, 39.

161. thelaftsubfidy of Poundage granted, 21 Geo. 2. C 2.

162. Drawback on Sugar refined in Great Britain and exported,

21 Gee. 2. C 2. § 7. 32 Geo. 2. C 10. § 8.

163. Candles, Soap, and Starch, to be imported in Package of two Hundredweight at least, 23 Geo. 2. C 21. § 27.

164. No Drawback to be allowed on foreign Candles, Soap, or Starch, 23 Geo. 2. C 21. § 36.

i 65. No Spirituous Liquors imported in Calks less than 60 Gallons to be entered for Exportation, 28 Geo. 2. C zt.

166. Tea above 6 lb. in British Ships come from Abroad, and not employed by the east-india Company, forfeited, 28 Geo. 2. e. 21.

167. Smiglers indemnified from Offences before 1 May 1757, on entering to serve as Sailors, 30 Geo. 2. C 29.

168. Additional Subsidy 1759, 32 Geo. 2. C 10.

169. Allowance to the Importer of Tobacco, 32 Geo. 2. C to.

§4.

170. Vessels or Goods seized to be publicly sold, after Condemnation, at such Places as Commissioners shall appoint, 3 Geo. 3. C 22.

For Customs on particular Commodities, see the refpeilive Heads. And Jet farther, jpfftotls popular 13. uucljoufcs 20. lt ens 7. <5nglcfca 1. 3mtuittes, 12. ai5a£l 19, 20.

ibutlcrage 4. aft 3!to)ia Company 12, dc. ©ftreat 6. ©jteljequer 3. ©icetfe, felonies initi) anb ttu'tljout Clergy, jrity 26 jfo?tna pauperis 4. <e»alt>anh kilter 23. dftjccnlanb, ©jocery ihlarcs, ©uertifcy, dffnnpotobcr, 31 n fur ante, sllflanufatfurcc. ^oney 52. Parliament 58, 59 dc. plantations, pott»£>fiice 2, dc. pjt'jes 14. Sftjtps, ®>ilfe 13, dc. Jilincs, ssiool,

Cuiios Eotuiontm.

1. To be appointed by the King, 37 H. 8. C 1.

2. The Cujios Rotulorum shall appoint the Clerk of the Peace, 37

H. 8. C 1. § 3.

3. The Lord Chancellor shall appoint the Cujios Rotulorum, 3 d

4 Ed. 6. C 1. 1 W. d M. C 21.

4. Saving of Appointments by Archbishop of Tori, Bishop of

Durham, Ely, Sec. 37 H. 8* C 1. § 3. 3 £5* 4 Ed. 6. C I.

§ 5-

5. Penalty of selling Place of Clerk of the Peace, 1 W. d M. ft. r. C it. § 8.

Cutlets.

1. The Cutlers of Halkmjbire in Yorljhire incorporated, 21 Ja.

I. C 31.

2. What Apprentices and for how long Time they may take,

21 Ja. 1. C 31. § 6.

3. Penalty of making Knives, dc. without putting Steel into the Edges, 21 Ja. 1. C 31. § 7.

cumll£>$« See Point.

Cyoer aitu perry.

1. Clauses laying on every Hogshead of Cyder and Perry sold

by Reiale 0 1 3 I 2 Car. 2. C 23. § 4.

2. And — — — 0 1 3 12 Car. 2. C 24. § 18.

3. And ■ ■ 0 I 3 4 W. d M. C 3. § z.

0 1 3 5 W. d M. (. 20, § 10.

Damage

Damage.

6.

7-

And

And

S. By the Malt Adito 7 be paid by the sir £

Buyer, -- -- -- -- -- - J

o. To be paid bt the 7

Maker,, -- - j °

to."' And on every Tori 1

imported from foreign > o

Part?, - '■ -- -- —)

it. And — — ■ ■ — o

And ■ o

4 °

.4 Ann. C 6, § i 4.

8 Ann. C 7. § 1.

12 Ann. ft. I. C 2. § t. 30 Geo. 2. C 4. § 5.

4 jo'.ilj'gie.: 3. C 12. § 2.

3 o 12 Car. 2. C 23. § 9.

12

1.3. And

•4

'5

And

And

4'

4

J

10

1 2 Car. 2. 18 Car. 2.

f. 24. § 23. r. 5. § 6.

16. And if so imported 7

by Englishtnen, — — j"

17. And if by Foreign 7 g

ers, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - $ °

4 10

^w.lam.c. 3. §2.

0 i i gvo. 1. ft. 2. C 12. § .8.

o 5 W.IA M. C 20. § 10.

o • 4 Ann. C 6. § 11.

■I j £5? 14 Car.. 2. C II o 3. T §

12 (A 14 Car. 2. C 11. o T

§ 2s

o 3 Grs. 3. C 12.

18. On Cyder and Perry 7 imported, - — r — J

19. What Allowance to be made per Tonne to the Englifl? Exporter, and what to the Alien, i t (A 24. Car. 2. C II § 25.

go. The Quantity of Cyder to be exported 10 be certified to the

• Commissioners of Excise, and the Excise to be repaid on Exportation, 1 W; £5' m.fejf. 1. C 22.

21. How much shall be charged for Cyder in Victualling Bills, 1 TV. (A m.fejf. 1. C 22.

22. What the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Cyderand Perry, -1 TV. fa M. sets. X ■(. 22. § 1., 4, Geo. 1. C 3. § 8.■.

23. Dealers in Cyder to make Proof that it. is, of .their own

Growth, or that Duty is paid, 4; Gco. 1. C 3. § 11..

24. Penalty on Persons unlading Cyder shipped for ..Exportation, 1 IV (A m.fejf. 1. C 22. § 2.

25. And on the Maker concealing it fram.the Gauger, 7 (A 8 TV.

3. C 30. §16..,

26. Informations for false or mif entries must be brought within three Months after, the Offence,., !2 (A 13 IT'. 3./. 11. §17.

27. 'Additional Duty on.cyder and Perry, 3 Geo. 3. C 12. a1.

tered by 4 Geo. 3. C 7.

Sec Cuftcuts, <£pcifc, f^nlt.

See Chirographer.

Dagcnljam anti Raftering*

1, The Breach in the Levels of - Havering and Dagenham repaired, 12 ann.fi. 2. C 17. z. And Captain Perry how satisfied for such Repairs, 7 Geo. I. Ji. 1. C 20. § 32.

Damage Cleer.

Takenaway, 17 Car. 2. cg.

Damages

1. Damages given for Dower or Quarentain, deforced where the Husband died seized, 20 H, 3. C 1.

2. Where a Lord unjustly impleads the Feoffee of his Tenant suggesting the Feoffment to be by Fraud, to deprive him of ward lhip, the Defendant shall have his Damages and Coils, Si. Marleb. 5 2 H. 3. C 6.

3. Damages shall be given to the Party prevailing in a Plea for Suit or Court, St. Marleb. 3 2 II 3, C 0,

Von. IX Tab.

t

4. Damages shall be given again the Tenant in a Writ of Entry fur Dijfeijin, and in Assise of Mortdancejler, Writ of Ccfi iage, Aiel and Befaiel, St. Glouc. 6 Ed. 1. C 1. Expos Si, Glouc, 6 Ed. 1.

5. Costs shall be given where Damages are given, ibid.

6.. Damages given, in Darrain Presentment and fudre Impedit, S, .ti'ejim. 2;. 13 Ed. 1. C 5. § 3.

.7. Cutting the Heads of Waters and other Trespasses, to be punished with treble Damages, (Ac. 37 El. 8. C 6. § 4.

8. The Recovery of Damages shall not be hindered by a fraudulent Conveyance, 13 El. C 3.

9. Damages to be alfefled upon Breach of Condition of Bonds, 8 TV. 3. C 11. §.8.

For other Matter A See appeal 3. Attaint 4, 6, 10, (Ac. cljaucctt 6. Coals 19. Ceft£, sdiftcicii 3. idotocv 2. Crro? 6. jfift) 31, jflnfarauce 11. %ifc Crates 2, 6, (Ac. ^derjurp 3. isohijcrp,

Damages double, where,

1. In Trespasses againll Ecclesiastical Persons, 3 Ed. 1. C 1.

2. Againff Officers guilty of unwarrantable Diflciftns, 3 Edt, C 24.

3. Againff Bailiffs for attaching Persons out of their jurisdiction,

3 Ed. 1, C 35*

4. Where againff Dijfefors in Assise, 13 Ed. 1. C 25. 1 R. 2. C q.

5. Tri Writs of ke dijfeijin, 13 Ed. 1. C 26.

6. Againff Persons falsely pleading Jointenancy in Abatement of Assise, ' ued. i.jl. 1.

7. Againff Persons disturbing Merchants, 9 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 1.

2 R. z.jl. 1. C 1.

8. Again king's Butler taking more Wine than appointed, 23

Ed. \: ji 5. §21 •

9. Again Officers of the Sore for illegal imprisonir.ents, 7 R, 2. C 4,

10. Again Buyers and Sellers of Wool by undue Weight, 13 R. 2. C 9.

11. For illegal Prosecution. in the Admiralty, 2 H. 4. C 11.

12. Again Difleifor in special Assise, 4 H. 4. C 8.

13. Again Persons assaulting Members of Parliament, 11 H. 6. C 11/

14. Again Persons seizing Goods of Felons before Conviction,

13. Again Officers citing Persons out of their Diocese, 23 H. 8, CC

16. For withdrawing Tithes, (Ac. 2 (A 3 Ed. 6. C 13. § 2.

17. Again Offenders guilty of Forgery, 5 El. C 14. § 2, 3.

18. Again Persons making wrongful Distress, 2 TV. (A M. Jl. 1. '<-• S §5

19. Again Officers making false or double Returns, 7 (A S IT.

3- T. 7. 3 2> 3,

20. Against Officers of Exchequer not keeping Account of Moneys appropriated to Bank, 8 (A 9 TV. .3. C 20. § 37.

21. For Persons fufrering by non attendance of Officers of the Exchequer, 8^9 TV. 3. C 28. § 4.

22. Again Persons making undue Payment to Workmen, 1 Ann,

'Jl. 2. C 18. § 3. and again Workmen guilty of Frauds, ibid.

23. Again Commissioners neglecting to make Payments according to 2 Ann. C 3. §

24. Again Persons hindering the saving a Ship in Distress, 12 Ann. Jl. 2. C 18. § 3.

25. Again Persons concealing Bankrupts Effects, 3 Geo. 2. C 3c.

§ 31. '

26. Again Persons claiming Debts of Bankrupts falsely, 3 Geo. 2. C 30. § 29.

27. Again Workmen in Leather imbezilling Materials, 13 Geo. 2. C 8.

28. Or guilty of Ncglccl, (Ac. ibid. §6,

G idamascfs

3£>amao; e&'

jdfltttflljtls treble, where.

1. For Waste against Tenant for Life, iffc. St. Glot. 6 Edi. C 5. — Against Offenders convicted of Maintenance, 13 Ed. 1. C 36.

2. Against Efcheators taking undue Fees, iffc. 36 Ed. 3. C 13.

3. Against Sheriff's, iffc. not showing Eftreats, zed. 3. C y.]

4- fordiffeifees against Patentees before Title found, 1 H. 4. C 8.

5. Against Cyrographers, iftc. taking more than their See, 2 H.

4. C 8.

6. Against Officers of Marihalfea taking more than their Sees, 2 N. 4 • C 23.

7. Against Accountants guilty of Fraud, 6 H. 4. C 3.

S. For Persons grieved by Provifors, 3 H. C 4.

9. For forcible Entry or Detainer, 8 H. 6. C 9. § 6. to. For Persons fuecl for acting under Commission of Sewers, 23 H. 8. C 3. § 1 2.

11. Against Trefpaffers for cutting off Water, iffc. maiming

Cattle, iffc. 37 H. 8. C 6. § 4. 22 25 Car. 2, C -. § 5.

12. For not setting forth Tithes, 2^3 Ed. 6. C 13. § 1.

13. For undue impounding of Distress, 1 iff 2 P. iff M. C 12. § 1.

14. Against Offenders against Game Laws,; El. C 21. § 2, 3. 22 iff 23 Car. 2. r, 25. § 4, 7.

15. Against such as sue in fictitious Name, or in another's Name without his Confeut, 8 El. C 2. § 4.

16. For Persons sued for acting under Poor Laws, 43 El. C '2.

§ 19. 13 14 Car. 2. C 12. § 20.

17. Against Attorneys delaying Clients Suit, iffc. 3 Ja. 1. C 7.

§ 1.

18. For Persons atting under the Act for conveying Malefadtors, iffc. to Gaol, 3 Ja. 1. r. 10. § 3.

19. Against Offenders unlawfully hunting in Parks, iffc. 3 Ja. 1. «■-13. § 2.

20. Against Monopolists, 21 Ja. 1. C 3. § 4.

21. For Offences against the Aft taking away the star-chamber, 16 Car, 1. C 10. § 7, 8.

22. Against Persons taking unlawful Purveyance, 12 Car. 2. C 24. § 14.

23. For Pound Breach and Refcous, 2 IV iff M. Jl. 1. C 5. $ 4.

24. Against Persons receiving Payments after the Death of their Nominee, 4 IV Iff M. C 3. § 16. 5 W. iff M. C 5..$ 4. 2 Ann. <■ 3* § 25-

23,. Against Officers demanding Fees, iffc. 4 IT. £5* M. C 3. § 17.

2 Ann. C 3. § 26. 3 Ann. C 2, § 12. 6 go. I. C 1 I. § 34.

fj). Against Members of Bank lending Money to the Crown on ■funds, not having Clause of Credit, 5 iff 6 W. iff M. C 20.

4 3°

27. Against Mayors, iffc. not marking Measures, lids' 12 W. 3. r. 15. § 5.

28. Against Controller of Stamp Duties for unjust Charge, 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 22. § 11.

29. Against Register neglecting Duty, 2 Ann. r. § 14. 7 Ann. C 20.. § 4.

30. Against Offenders Healing Goods from Ship in Distress, 12 Ann. jl, 2. C 18 § 4.

31. Against unlawful Undertakers by public Subscriptions, 6 Geo. 1. r. 18. § 20.

32. Extended to America, l4gro. 2. C 37. § I.

33. For destroying Cheljea Waterworks, 8 Geo. I. C 26. § 2,

34. Against Offenders concealing Run Goods, 11 Geo. I. C 30.

§ 16. _

35. Against Offenders drowning Coals, 13 Geo. 2. C 21. §1.

36. Against Officers of Customs, iffc. imbezilling Goods performing Quarentine, 26 Geo. 2. C 6. § 1 r.

idtlulfljjgss quadruple, where.

1. Against Sheriffs, iffc. wrongfully molesting Merchants, 27 Edict. 2. C 26.

2. Against Persons selling by under weight and Measure, 27 Ed. 5. ft. 2. C 10.

fa

3. Against Workmen in Leather imbezilling Materials, the second Offence, 13 Geo. 2. C 8. >

See Rivers.

sdartafa -

1. Assizes of Darrahi Pvefentment shall be taken and determined, before the Justices of the Bench, M. C 9 H. 3. C 13.

2. Shall be taken before one Justice and. one Knight in their proper Counties, 13 Edict. 1. C 3o:

3. What Days shall be given in it, 52 H. 3 C 12. 32//. 8,

C 21. § 7. 16 Car. 1. C 6. § 13.

4. Where it lies after Judgement against a particular Tenant, and where Damages may be recovered, 1 3 Ed. 1. Jl. 1. C 5. § 2, 3.

5. It may be received at any Time before the Departure of the Justices, 13 Ed. \ .Jl. 1. C 10.

6. What the Form of Pleading where the Defendant pleads Ple

narty, 13 Ed. 1 .Jl. 1. C 5. § 2. "

For other Matters, see sto jsjtus,

idntttieut* See Rivers..

Whale fins, iffc. orfifh caught in Davis's Streighls, may be imported by Britiftj Subject?, 12 Geo. I. C 26. § 7.

For other Matters, see (Sjeetliatltt and c£ti}alc5,

Daps fit t5aitfc.

1. The Day in Leap year and the. next before, accounted one, 21 H. 1. ft. 1.

2. The common Days of Continuance in real Addons and in Dower, 51 H. ft. 2. & ft. 3.

3. In Dower unde Nihil habet, Darrain Preferment and £>uare Imp edit. 52 H. 3. C 12.

4. The Abbreviation and Alteration of Trinity Term, 32 H. 8.* C 21.

5. Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term, 16 Car. 1. C

6. In Dower after Issue joined it is fufhcient to have 15 Days between the Teste and Return, 16 Car. I. V § 6.

7. The Return in Craftino Affenftonis made a perfect Return, 16 car 1. C 6. § 7.

8. Personal Adiions may be continued from the Tres Michaelis,. to the Craftino Animarum, 16 Car. I. C 6. § 8.

10. Writs of Summoneas' ad ivarrantizandum for common Recoveries, and Writs cf Right of Advowson, abridged to five Returns, 16 Car. 1. C § 10.

11. In personal Addons after Issue joined there need not be 15 Days between thetcfte and Return, except in Capias to charge the Bail, Or to found an Outlawry, 13 Car. 2; ft, 2. C 2. §6

iff 7.

12. The Feast of Easter, and ail movable Feasts thereupon depending, shall be observed according to the new Calendar, 24 Geo. 2. C 23. § 3.

1 £. The farther Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term, 24 Geo. 2. C 48.

14. In Dower after Issue joined, there need not be above 15 Days between the Teste and Return of the Venire, iffc, z/^gto.z. C 48. §4.

15. Process tested thelaft Day of Eajbr Term may be returnable on the Morrow of Trinity, 24 Geo. 2. C 48. § 3.

16. Writs of Summons to Warranty may have only four Returns inclusive, 24 Geo. 2. C 41. § 3.

For other Matters, see sdoljocr, js>uulluotis,

idsncon.

Must subscribe the Articles, 13 El. C 12. § 5.

For other Matters, see c«tcfi3&ic3l Courts,

peal

j

£>elit, m

Oral 2sontb)s.

Not to be imported from the Netherlands or Germany, 13 c2' 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 23. Repealed 6 Geo. I. C 13. § 1.

For other Matters, see ^intbct.

can

1. The Hundreds shall be charged for Robberies done by Rioters there, 8 H. 6. C 27,

2. Forest of Dean provided for, 20 Car. 2. C 3.

ideait nntj Chapter See Ecclesiastical Courts.

1. Dean of the Free Chapel of St. Martin le Grand.

2. His Privilege not hurt by 3 Ed. 4. 3 Ed. 4. C 4. § 6.

For other Matters, see iptfljops.

sdcatd See Life Estates.

j

Debentures

1. Stealing them made Felony, 2 Geo. 2. C 25. § 3.

2. Debentures for the Drawbacks of the Duties paid on 6, -8,

11, 1 2 ZA 13 W. 3. or 1 Ann. how provided for, 1 Ann. f. t. C 21. § 32. • -• t

For other Matters, see jsdttltlips.

Debt anu Debtor

1. None to be dillrained for Debts not due, 3 Ed. 1. C 23.

2. For Recovery of small Debts in London, 1 Ja. I. C 14. 3 Ja.

1. C 1;. 14 Geo. 2. e. 10.

3. A tradefman's Shop book not to be given in Evidence of a

Debt, unless an Action be brought within a Year, 7 Ja. 1. C 12. ‘ ' "

4. Actions of Debt to be brought within 6 Years, 21 Ja. 1.

e. 16. § 3. • '

5. Debtors cleared on a Composition with their Creditors, S ZA 9 W. 3. C 18. Repealed 9 ZA 10 IF. 3. C 29. 10 Ann. C 20.

6. Prisoners for Debt relieved. 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 25. 2 ZA 3 Ann.

C 16. 6 Geo. 1. C 22: 11 Geo. 1. r. 21. 2 Geo. 2. C 20. 21

Gro. 2. V 31. 28 Gfff. 2. r.13.' '29 Gso. 2. r. 18.

7. Mutual Debts may be fet againll each other, 2 Geo. 2. C 22.

§ 13. 5 Geo. 2. C 30. § 28.

S. Manner of pleading mutual Debts where they accrue by Penalty, 8 Geo. 2. C 24. § 5.

9. A Court erected for Recovery of Small Debts in Southwark, 22 Geo. 2. C 47. Extended by 32 Geo. 2. C to. For Recovery of Small Debts in Wejhninfer, 23 Geo. 2. C 27. 24 Geo. 2. C 42.

11. Attorneys subject to Courts of Conscience in Westminster, 24 Geo. 2. c.42. .§ 1. ■

12. For Recovery of small Debts in the Tower Hamlets, 23 Geo.

2. C 30. • •

13. For recovering Small Debts in the County Court of middle sex, 23 Geo. 2. C 33.

14. For the City of Lincoln, 24 Geo. 2. e. 16.

15. For the Town of Birmingham, 25 Geo. 2. C 34.

16. For the Town of St. Albans, 25 Geo. 2. C 38.

17. For the Town of Liverpoole, 25 Go. 2. C 43.

18. For the City of Canterbury, 25 Geo. 2. C 4 J.

19. For the Borough of Boston, 26 Geo. 2. C 7.

20. For the Hundred of Brixlon, 31 Geo. 2. C 23.

21. For the Borough of Great Yarmouth, 31 Geo. 2. C 24.

22. AH Acts for erecting Courts of Conscience declared public Acts, 27 Geo. 2. C 16. § 2.

23. Debtors confined on 1 Jan. 1755, shall, at the desire of their Creditors, deliver a Schedule of their Effects, or on Refusal suffer Death, 28 Geo. 2. C 13. § 39.

24. Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, 1 Geo. 3. C 17,

Debt, C

25. Effects of insolvent Debtors after Discharge to be veiled in the Clerk of the Peace, who is to assign them to Creditors, 1 Geo. 3. C 17. $ 11.

26. Landlord to be satisfied two Years Rent before Alignment of Goods diflrainable, 1 Geo. 3. C 17. § 16.

27. Penalty on Clerk of the Peace delaying to give Prisoner his Discharge.. Geo. 3. C 17. § 25.

28. Perjury of Prisoner Death without Clergy, 1 Geo. 3. C 17. § 26.

29. Debts to the Crown, or of 1000/. to one Person, not discharged by the insolvent Act, 1 Geo. 3. C 17. § 40.

30. Ellates Tail, which Debtors may bar, to be deemed Estates in Fee, I Geo. 3. C 17. § 42.

31. Refusing to give up his Effects Death without Clergy, t Geo,

3. r. 17. § 46.

32. Compelling Clause in 1 Geo. 3. C 17. repealed by 2 Geo. 3. C 2:

33. For the Recovery of Small Debts in Kingston upon Hull, 7. Geo. 3. C 38.

34. For the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Bradford, Melt foam and Whorlfown in Wilts, 3 Geo. 3. C 19.

3;. Within the Borough of Soke in Tori, 4 Geo. 3. c.40.

36. In the Town, zac. of Kirkby in Wejimorland, 4 Geo. 3. C 41.

For other Matters, see 3htto?ttcp, llpatl, Ilipjanbt! 50. Ccr= tiojari 35. Debt to atib from tl; e ft trig, csfcapc 2. tie. ^fraub 10, 13, zac. £>utlav»|p 8, fare. ^hantatf* one. 37, zac. oft £dffice 8. ^ifons, zac. 2, 7, zac* senti, 3, 6. j^eamett 68, zac. pointers 72, zac.

Debt to anb from tljc fttnn;.

1. The Pledges shall not be dillrained where the Debtor is sufficient, M. C 9 H. 3. C 8.

2. Remedy for the Sureties .againll the principal Debtor, M. C 9 H. 3. C 8.

3. The Debtor dying, the King shall be first paid, M. C 9 H.'

r. 18.

4. Dillrefs for it, may be fed by the Owner, and shall not be sold before 15 Days, zac. De Diftridlione Scaccarii, 51 H. 3.

Z 4...

5. Receivers of the king's Debts shall acquit the Debtors at the Exchequer, De Diftric. Scac. 51 II 3. ft. 4. On Pain of treble Damages, zac. St. weftns. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 19. Prbcefs againll sheriffs.for not acquitting, zac. St. de Vicecons. zac. 14 Ed. 2.

6. The order of accounting at the Exchequer, St. de Scac. 5 r

7. Penalty of delaying Payment of the king's Debts, or taking Money for it, St. jfeftm. I. 3 Edt. C 32.

8. Directions for discharging the Debts that have been paid to Sheriffs, zac. Stat. Rati. 10 Ed. 1. § 3, zac. St. de Sin. levat. 27 Ed. \. ft. 1. C 2.

g. Pleas not to be held in the Exchequer, unless they touch the King or his Ministers, St. Rutl. 10 Ed. 1. § 11.

10. On finding Surety for the king's Debt, the Difirefs shall be released, art.fuper Cart. 28 Ed. \. Jl. 3. C 12.

11. The king's Debts Hailed according to the Ability of the Debtor, and to be levied falmo contenemehto, 1 Ed. 3 .ft.?., C 4.

12. A Prisoner in Execution confessing a Debt to the King, shall be remanded at the plaintiff's Suit, 1 R. 2. C 12.

13. No Recognisance or Bond in the Double shall be taken in the Exchequer for the king's Debt, 13 R. 2. Jl. 1. C 14.

14. Commissions shall be font to inquire into the Truth of Accounts passed in the Exchequer, 611. 4. C 3.

15. Accountants for.difmes not chargeable with other Mens Suits in the Exchequer, 1 R. 3. C 14.

, 16. Bonds to the King of the same Force as the Statute Staple,

33 H 8- 39- ' '

17. Recognizances how discharged, 33 H. 8. C 39. § 12.

18. Auditors, zac. their See, 33/1.8. C 39. § 17, 20.

G 4 19. Penalty

Debt.

default

sdemite.

id. Penalty of Auditors and Receivers hot accounting, 33 H. 8.

m9-§23- _ _ '

20. Plough a Pond given to the King shall be sued - h.s.c. 39.

§ 50, ifc.

21. The King shall recover Cods, 33 II 8. C 39. § 54.

22. The Penalty of not paying a Rent reserved to' the Crown, 33 II S. C 39. § 63 y 72.

23. The king's Prerogative in Suit, 33 II 8. C 39. § 74,

24. Matter of Equity may be pleaded in Discharge of a Debt to

the Kiiig, 33 H. 8. C 39. § 69...

25. At what Time the king's Receivers shall account and make their Payments, 7 Ed. 6. C 1.

26. The Lands of Receivers and Accountants made liable to pay

their Debts to the Crown, 13 El. C 4. 2 je/.c.^. Made

liable to be sold, 39 El. C 7.

27. No Debt to be assigned to the King but such as originally accrued to the king's Debtor, Ja. 1. C 15.

28. The king's Tenant returned in Arrear by Mistake shall be discharged on producing his Receipt, 11 y 12 IV 3." C 2.

§ <54-

to. Accountants to the Crown charged with Interest, 12 IV 3. C 11. 2 IF 3 Ann. C 17.

30. Penalties on Receivers detaining or misapplying Money, ' 9

jjw. C 21'. § 14.

31. Penalties'on not duly discharging'debts received, 3 Gw. 1.

'e. §ij. • ' •"

For other Ma lei's, see 'hfccoultt atltl tfccountnttt 10, ifc. Sttaiatscr 8. 2dcbt nttb 3dcbto: s 29. jdtftrefs 2. idutcbl' Court?. crreats, gejccijcqucr, dpjants of the filing, Jltrelnnti, 31 (nutation, parliament 86. pfotefttonjs 3. ikcc'etbcts, ^ijcriffs.

deceit

t. Sergeants and others shall not consent to any Deceit on the ' Court, on Pain of a year's Jmprisonment, fife. St. ivejltn. \.. 3 Edi. C 29.

2. A Writ of Deceit where maintainable, 2 Ed. 3. C 17,

Decies Catttitm.

C

The Penalty given against Jurors taking Money, and against ■ 3s Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 12. Against Sheriffs taking Reward for arraying a Pannel, 18 II 6. C 14.

Declaration.

1. Sufficient, if good in Subllance, 36 Ed. 3. C 15.

2. How to be delivered to Prisoners, 4 IF 5 W, IF M. C 21.

Dedartion against Popery, see fidatljs*

Decree?.

In the Exchequer Chamber and dit/chy Court, concerning the king's Copyhold Lands, how confirmed, 7 Ja. 1. C 21. Decrees in Chancery, see cljatlcevp and sttattlfs,

Detu'mtig f?oteffatem.

Justices of Peace shall not be obliged to sue out a nevy Dedimus Potestatem on a new Commission, 1 Geo. 3. C 13. § 2.

For other Matters, fe clji'uucvp, ^fitte,

dcc See Rivers.

2. Where a Nobleman may kill Deft in the king's Fared, 9 II 3. ft. 2. C 11.

3. Persons unduly imprisoned for Vert and Veuifan shall have a' Homine Rtplegiando, I Ed. 3. ft.i. C 8.

4. Keeping Deer hays and Buck stalls, and stalking at Deer,

prohibited, 19 H. 7. C L {. 3 Ja. 1. C 13.

5. Penalty of using Gun, ifc. to kill Deer, ifc. 3 Ja. 1. C 13. § 5.

6. Stealing Deer or Conies by Night or in Disguise made Felony, 32 H. 8. C 11. 3 & 4 Ed. 6. C 17. 9 Geo. 1. C 22.

7. Penalty of unlawful hunting Deer or Conies in any Park, idle.

5 ff. C 21. § 3. 3 Ja. 1. C 13. I Ja. 1. C 13. i$car. 2.

ft. 1. C 10.

8. Penalty of 20/. for unlawful hunting, and 30/. for killing or wounding a Deer, 3 IV IF M. C 10.

9. Profccutions on this Act. must be commenced within three Years, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § 13.

10. For Want of Distress Offenders may be fet in Pillory, 3 W.

IF M. C 10. § 2. 5 Geo. i. t. 15. § 5.

11. Owner of Deer in Enclosure may defend them by Force, ifc. 3 IV IF M. C 1 o. § 5.

12. Penalties on deer stealing, 3 IF 4 IV IF M. C 10. 5 Geo. t.

C 15, IF C 23.

13. Second Offence in Forests, ifc. Transportation, to Geo, 2, C 32. § 7.: imade perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. C 42. § 6.

14. deer stealers beating the Keepers, ifc. to be transported, 10 Geo. 2. C 32. § 9.

For other Matters, see sfbjlitattolt I. ^fojeft, ante,

parb,

Defamation.

Whether a Prohibition lies fora Suit for Defamation, 1 $ed. r. ft. 4. 9 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 4. - ■

. >..! • '..!

Default. : J V

1. Seisin to be recovered by Default in communi cuftodid, St.

Marhb. 52 H. 3. C 7.,

2. Lords that distrain for Suit of Court to lose by Default at the Distress upon the Attachment, st.marleb. 42 H. 3. C 9.

3. Suit of Court not to be recovered by Default, St. Marleb. 52

H. 3. C Q. § 2. •

4. Judgement to be by Default in all Writs where Attachments lie

on Default upon the great Distress, 52 H. 3. C i2.. •'

5. Inquests to be taken by Default (after .the first. Default) in

Writs where Attachments lie, 52 H. 3. C 13. ■ ■

6. None bat Justices in Eyre shall amerce for Default on common Summons, 52 H. 3. C 18.

7. Justices in Eyre shall not amerce a Township if.a.sufficient

Number come, except in Inquisitions for the Death of a Man, 5z H. 3. C 24. ...»

8. Judgement by Default on the Statute prohibiting the surcharging

Religious Houses, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. r. C 1. >

9. Inquests shall betaken by Default in Assises, Attaints, and Juris utrum after Appearance, St. Wtftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. r. 42.

10. Judgement to be given in the County Courts in Wales upott three Defaults, St. Wall. 12 Ed. ]. in Appendix.

11. Upon two Defaults before the Justice, St. Wall. zed. 1. in Appendix.

12. Default may be recorded at Nisi Print, I 2 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 4.

For other Matters, see ^itlcrccitlcnt, couufatlce of pleas 2.

Cut in ffilitn, jdolncr 7, ifc. Juries 21. i^efne 1.

pjocefs 1, ifc.

Deetig, See Frauds, Trial.

Delegates!. See Court of Delegates.'

Dm nnu Deer ©tealecg.

I. Killing the king's Deer puniftied by ransom or imprisonment, carde For. 9 II 3. ft. 2. C 10. Corfuetud, IF Afftfa de Forefta luccrti Temp, § io. 5 El. C 2t. $ 3.

dcilijcrp. See Writ of Delivery.

denute of tlje Binty.

1. Shall not discontinue any Writ or Process } 6. C 7. § i 2.

2. Nor

*dcmumi\

<$er«nt

Wccntuiuancc,

?. Nor oblige a Defendant who hath pleaded to an Information to plead again unless he desire it, 4 if 3 W. & M. C 18. § 7.

3. Nor determine a Parliament till after six Months, 7 if 8. IV $.

C 15-

4. Nor determine any Commission Civil or Military, or great Office of State, 7 if 8 W. 3, C 27. § 21. 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 8. 6

Ann. C 7. § 8.

5. On Demise of the King in the Minority of his Succeffior the Parliament shall sit for 3 Years, 24 Geo. 2. C 24. § 18.

■ For other Matters, see 3iuulces Of tljc "pence,

demurrer.

Judgement shall be given on Demurrer according to the Right of the Cause, without regarding Form, unless the want of it be showed for Cause, 27 El. C 5. 4 Ann. C 16. § 1.

For other Matters, see fmeittlltgs*

^culfens,

1. May appear by Attorney, 31 El. C 10. § 20.

2. Made incapable of Offices in the Government, or to be Members of Parliament, ifc. 1 z IV 3. C 2. § 3. 1 Geo. t. C 4.

For other Matters, see «51licltj5 7, 10, 12.

<dcotiantis,

Grants of Deodands how to be enrolled, 3 ts? 4 JT'. if M. C 22, §!•

^etfoenttnatet <£ffnte,

1. Contrails for Sale of die Estate how made void, 5 Geo. 2'. r. 23.

2. Appropriated to Greenwich Hospital, 8 Gto. 2. C 29. n Geo.

2. r. 30.

Percent.

1. Purpreftures on the Crown may be seized while the Usurpers are living, St. de Big. 4 Edict. 3. C 4.

2. Descents shall not take away the Entry of a difteifee, unless the difteifor was in peaceable seifin.for five Years, ' 32 H. 8; C 33-

For other Matters, see ^atutaltssttou.

Descent of tfjc Croluit, See King; Detainer See Forcible Entry. <dci)affapit» See Executors,

tdetieneruttt.

t. Forfeiture of treble Value against Persons to whose Hands un cuflomed or prohibited Goods shall come, 8 Ann. C 7. § 17. z. Of double Drawback for relanding Certificate Goods, 8 Ann. C 16. § 16.

See Wills and Fraudulent Conveyances.

anti Cotntoall.

1. Their Havens, 23 H. 8. r. 8. 27 H. 8. C 23.

2. 'And: Eifheries how'preierved, 1 fa. 1. C 23.

3. The Inhabitants empowered to fetch Sand for bettering their Grounds, 7 fa. 1. C 18.

4. The Pilchard Fishing regulated, 13 14 Car. 2. C 28.

5. The Aflifes in Cornwall to' be held in a convenient Place, 1 Geo. i.ft. 2. C 45.

For other Matters, see cojluball, jdjapcttj and

4

3dfamonti£.

1. Diamonds and precious Stones may be imported and exported Duty free, 6 Geo. 2. C 7. § 1.

2. Saving of the Duty granted to the East india Company on Diamonds imported from any Place within the Limits of their Charter, 6 Geo. 2. C 7. § 2.

jdtcc. See Cards.

sdignltp. See Abatement,

idtfteg.

Broken down secretly to be repaired by the Towns adjoining, / ivefttm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 46. 6 Geo. 1. C 16.

jdflapiuatlonis See Ecclesiastical Courts, idllato$ pica. See Abatement.

Dlmitteg, See cotton.r

3dice&o; £ of tfjeosantt ann 0otttl>^>ca Com pam: •:.

Bank of 'England and south-sea Company. sdifcinuncr.

Where pleadable in Trespass, 21 fa. 1. C 16. § 5.

•. • ■, C

. iditcontmuance of Cffatc,

j. No Aft of Husband shall discontinue his wife's Estate, 32//.

8. C 28. § 6, 7.

2. No Discontinuance by Women of Lands come from their

Husbands, 11 H, 7. C 20. 32 H. 8. C 56. § 2..

3. Nor by Tenants' in Tail of the Gift of the Crown, 34 if 33 H. S. C 20.

4. Nor by Tenants in Tail of fee-farm Rents to bar the Remainder veiled by the Statute, 22 if .23 Car. 2. C 24. § 6.

sdffeoittimiance of p?ocefg,

1. No Suit shall be discontinued by the Death of the King, or by the Death, ifc. of the Justices, 1 Ed. 6. C 7.

2. A new Commission shall not discontinue any Proceedings, 1

Ed. 6. C 7. § 6. 11 H. 6. C 6.

3. Writs not to be discontinued for not holding certain Days of Return in 1660, 12 Car. 2. e. 3.

4. Process not discontinued by king's Death, 1 anti.ft. 1. C 8. § 4.

For other Matters, see cttoj.

jdffffuffeli persons.

1. Not to hunt in Park or Warren, 1 H. 7. C 7.

2. Informations against them, in what Manner to be certified and proceeded upon, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § 4, 6.

3. Concealers, ifc. of them where guilty of Felony, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § 5.

4. Persons wounded or killed in apprehending them, or their Executors and Administrators, how rewarded, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § 12.

5. Prosecutions. mufl be within three Years, and the Trial may be in any County, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § it, 14.

See jfclom'cs hoitljout sdletgp, Title ®lacfe 21s,

jpifpaiwmcnt of rots. See Ward.

jdifpenfatfou,

Diffettfiu

£mfpenfatfcm.:

1. Dispensations in Ecclesiastical Causes not to be sued for at Rome, but to be granted by the Archbithop of Canterbury, 25

H. 8. C 2i. 28 H, 8. C 16. § 6.

2. In case of Refusal, the Archbithop, br. may be enjoined to grant Dispensations, 25 11. 8. C 21. § 17.

3. The Penalty of suing to Rome for Dispensations, 25 H. 8. C zi. § 22.

4. Power granted to the King to reform Indulgences, 25 H. 8.

C 2t.§27,

5. The Law of God not to be dispensed with, 25 H. 8, C 22,

§ 3;

6. Dispensations to be confirmed under the Great Seal, 28 H. 8. C 16. § 6.

7. Dispensations against Statutes declared illegal, 21 Ja. 1, C 3,

I W. b M. ft. 2. C 2. j 1 2. 3 W. b M. C 2, § 17,

For other Matters, see cccleoattical coutts, br. fmuta*

jitp, irefltoence.

t, Remedy against Officer of the King making unwarrantable Difleifin, 3 Ed. 1. C 24.

2. The Penalty of Difleifin with Robbery, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed, 1,

37« ' '

3. Damages given against Diffeifors by Assise in London, 6 Ed. 1.

C 14*.

4. Jmprisonment for Difleifin with armed Force, St. Wall. 12 Ed. 1. in Appendix.

5. Tenants in Novel Difteijin may make Attorneys, 12 Ed. 2. e. L

6. An Assise hall be maintainable against the Pernor of the Profits

notwithftauding any Feoffment for Maintenance, 1 R. 2. C 9. 4 H. 4. C 7. 11 H. 6. C 3.

7. The Chancellor hall grant a special Assise, upon Oath that a Difleifin is made with Force or Robbery, 4 H. 4. C 8.

For other Matters, see 35(gfe 5, 9, 22. Cntrp, ^pojclblc

Cnttp, 3lnfctut 3. jficclatit), liberties 3, br.

See Nonconformifls.

Bittner**

I. All Persons may distill Spirits from malted Corn, 2 W. bfla

ft. 2. e. 9. § 11. 8 b 9 W. 3, C 19. § 13.

2. Penalties on setting up concealed Vessels, or concealing their

Spirits, 3 W. b M. C 15. 8 b 9 W. 3. C 19. § 10. 10 b

11 W. 3. C 4. § 3. r. 21. § 23.

3. Gaugers, be. may break up Ground to search for private Pipes, 10 b 11 W. 3. C q. § 4*

4. Gaugers, be. to keep an Account of Wafti, 10 b 11 W. 3. C 21. § 22,

5. Distilling of Spirits from Corn restrained, 10 b 11 W. 3. C 4.

30 Gra. 2. r. 10, 30 Grr. 2. C 15.

6. Distillers not to take Licences as alehouse keepers, 1 Ann. ft 2- e. 14.

7. Distillers permitted to setup other Trades, 9 Gee. 2. C 23.

§ 21. 10 Geo. 2. C 19.'§ 2.

S. Distillers not to aft as Justices upon the Acts against retailing Spirituous Liquors, ri Geo. 2. C 26. § 8.

9. Duty on Distillers Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, 20 Geo. 1. C 39. Repealed, and an additional Duty imposed, 24 Geo. 2. C 40.

10. Penalty on Distillers selling Spirituous Liquors to be unlawfully retailed, 24 Geo. 2. e. 40. § 11.

ji. Penalty on Distiller not entering his Vessels, 24 Geo. 2. C do. § 18.

j2. Commissioners of excjfe empowered to reward Informers against unlawful Retailers, 24 Geo. 2, C 40. § 32.

sdftfccfo,

3. Justices being Distillers, br. not to gfhnt Licences, 26 Geo. 2;

C 13* § 12.

4. Who are to be deemed common Distillers, i^gco. 2. C g.

§ »3

5. Penalty on Malt Distillers making Gin, be. 33 Geo. 2. C 9,

§ 17- • „

For other Matters, see 3i$jnnt»r to. 13- li^jolictc.

Bifftef**

1. None shall be distrained for more than is due, M. C 9 H. 3.' C 10. St. Westm. I. 3 Edi. C 23.

2. Distress for the Debt of the King or of others not to be outrageous, be, nor of Plough Cattle, be. De Diftric. Seat. 51

H. I, - ft 4-

3. None shall distrain for Amends for an Injury without Award of the Court, St. Marleb, 32 H. 3. C 1.

4. Nor out of his See, C 2. Nor in the Highway, e. 15. <)ed.

2. ft. 1. C 9. Nor in the ancient Fees of the Church, ibid.

5. Distress may be replevied, 52 H. 3. C 3.

6. Distresses shall not be driven out of the County, and shall be reasonable, St. Marleb. 52 II 3. C 4. I b 2 P. b M, C 12. On Pain of Ransom, St, Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 16.

7. None shall distrain his Freeholder to answer concerning his

Freehold, St. Marleb, 32 11. 3. C 22.,

8. None to be distrained for another's Debt, 3 Ed. 1. C 23.

9. Shall not be made for the king's Debts upon Bealls of the Plough, 28 Ed. 1. C 12.

10. Dillrefs shall be driven to a Pound within three Miles, 1 b 2 P. b M. C 12.

11. Sheriffs shall have four Deputies to make Replevins, 1 b z P. bm. C 12. § 3.

12. Where the first Distress is not sufficient it may be repeated,

17 Car. 2. C 7. § 4.,..

13. Goods distrained for Rent may be sold, 2 W. b M. C 5.

14. Corn and Straw loose may be distrained for Rent, 2 W, b M. C 5; § 3.

15. Double Damages given for a wrongful Distress and Sale for Rent, 2 w.'lft M. C 5. § 5.

16. .Goods liable 10 Distress not to be taken in Execution without

paying the Arrears, 8 Ann. C 14..

17. Goods removed may be distrained within five Days, 8 Ann. C 14. § 2. within thirty Days, 11 Geo. 2. C 19..

18. Arrears may be distrained for after the Lease determined, 6 Ann. C 14. § 6.

19. Penalty on fraudulently removing Goods to prevent Distress,

I 1 Geo. 2. C 19. § J.

20. Cattle on the Common and Crops growing may be distrained for Rent, 'll Geo. 2. r. 19. § 8.

21. Distresses may be secured and sold on the Prcmiffes, 11 Geo. 2,

C 19. § 10. ' • -

22. Distress for Rent not deemed a Trespass for any Irregularity,

II Geo. 2, C 19. § 19.

23. Amends may be tendered for any Trespass by a Diftrainer for Rent, 11 Geo. 2. C 19. § 20.

24. The General Issue may be pleaded in an Action for a Distress,

11 Geo. 2, e. 19. § 21.. ...

2;. Regulations for poynding in Scotland, 20 Geo. 2. C 43. § 28, 26. Justices to limit in Warrants of Distress for a Penalty the Time for Sale thereof, 27 Geo. 2. C 20.

For other Matters, see m botoip, oisuiliff 3. be. ft it ft MM Jflcnt 2. 3!tittfccs of j3cacc, ^£>003 32, br. *8eeciber0 6, br. isecobcvp 3, br. ircnt, Iftcplcbfit, jjiesuerj; 13,

Bifttitmffoit of 3lntoffntc crates?.

See Administrator.

3df(u‘in0a& See Juries.

miner;

1 1 1

sdotoetrj

dftrioctto ffihnttatttss.

^elony to Heal them, 2 Geo. 2. e. 25. § 3.

sdi'foflte ©ettu'ce* See Arrests, Churches, and Service and Sacraments,

sdaffojs*

1. Doctors and Bachelors of Divinity and Law may have a dispensation for Non residence, 21 77. 8. C 13. § 23.

2. Doctors of the Civil Law may Exercise Eccleftaftical jurisdiction although Laymen, 37 77. 8. 2. 17, § 4.

Dojrtjeffm

The Eurgeffes shall have their weighing 12 Miles round, 9 77. 6.

C 6.

3do?uecfc. See Norfolk,

sdo^rn*.

To What Duties liable, 4 W. M. C 5. § 2.

holier.

1. ' What Pleas to be held by the Conilable, 28 Ed. 1. (1, 3. e. 7,

2. For Payment of the Rents to Dover Cajlle, 32 H. 8. C 48.

3. What Offenders may be committed to Dover Cajlle, 32 H. 8, 2. 48. § 6.

jdouclaisj alias [Kfoer.] See Rivers.

Dcmlag anh jlocrcrann

Under what Penalty the Contents of every Piece or halfpiece put to Sale, muss be set upon the Cloth, 28 H, 8, 2, 4. § 2.

. For other Matters, see ilfllclw

sdotuer.

*. A Woman shall be endowed without Delay, 71/. C 9 77. 3. 2. 7. z. Widows shall recover Damages for their Dower or Quarentain deforced, where their Husbands died seized, 20 H. 3. C 1.

3. Days to be given in Plea of Dower, Dies communes in dote, 51 7f. 3./. 3.

4. Four Days shall be given in the Year at lead, St. Marleb. 52

77. 3. C 12.

3. The Tenant pleading that the Demandant hath received her Dower, mud show that Ihe hath received Part of himself in the same Ville, st.wejlm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 49.

6. If Tenant in Dower alien, the Heir shall have a Writ of Entry in casu proviso, St. Glouc. 6 Ed. 1. C 7.

7. Dower shall be recovered notwithstanding a feigned Recovery againflthe Husband by Default, St. Wtftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 4.

8. A Wife eloping with her Adulterer shall lose her Dower, St. Wtftm. 2. 13 Edi. C 34.

rj. In a Writ of Dower for Land which the Husband aliened. View shall not be granted, St. Weftm. z. 13 Ed. 1. C 48.

10. If Tenant in Dower alien, he in Reversion may enter, 11 H. 7. C 20.

11. Dower may be barred by a Jointure, 27 7f. 8. C 10. §6, ftfr.

12. The Wife of one attainted of Treason or Felony shall be endowed nevertheless, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 17.

13. The Wife fhalllofe her Dower where the husband is attainted of Treason, 5 & 6ed.b. C 11. § 13.

14. A Popish recufant.shall not be endowed, 3 fa. 1. C 5. § 13.

15. Widow of a. Mortgagor not barred of her Dower if she did not join in the Mortgage, 4 W. fsf 71/. C 16. § 5.

For other Matters, see Abatement i. tsthuenfutctnent of

sjoteer, <jc. jdats in ulotmu 3. Emblements, Erro; ' • 3

jdtapqjj.

17. eftoftt it. <s>atoel&in& 3. 3iotnture, 2ljjonc£.47. isapc 3. isecufants 30, (Ac. dreafon 24, (sc. cstafte

4. <raitob}0.

jdjapn: }/.

1. The Measure and Aulnage of Clothes, 2 Ed. 3. C 14. 47 Ed*

3. C 1. 4 Ed. 4. C 1. 1 R. 3. C 8. 3 H. 8. C 6.

2. The Wearing of foreign Cloth prohibited, it Ed. 3. C 2.

3. Importation of foreign Cloth prohibited, 11 TV. 3.2. 3. tf Ed. 4. C 1.

4. Foreign Clothiers may settle in England, 11 Ed. 3. C y,

5. Penalties of defective Clothes, and of Neglcfts in the Aul

nager, 23 Ed. 3.7?. 4. C 1. 3 R. 2. C 2. 7 R. 2. C 9., 12:

R. 2. C 14. 11 H. 6. C 9. 4 Ed. 4. C 1.

6. Subsidy on Clothes sold, 27 Ed. i.jl. 1. C 4. Certain Clothes exempted for three Years, 1 H. 4. C 19.

7. Allowance to be made to Buyer for defective Clothes, 27 edj 3.7?.:. 2. 4.

8. Clothes shall not be exported before they be fulled, (Ac. 50 Ed,

3.2.7. 3//. 8.2.7.

9. Frise free of Subsidy, 50 Ed. 3. 2. 8„

10. Cogvoare and Kendal Clothes may be of less .Assise as ufuat,

13/2.2.77.1.2.10. 977.4. 2. 2..

ri. Clothes shall be opened in the Counties of Somerset, do*fet, and Gloucester, before they be sold,, as in Essex, 13 R. 2.7?. 1. * 2. 11.

12. None shall buy Guilford Clothes before they be fulled and sealed, 15 R. 2. 2. 10.

13. Clothes may be made of any Length and Breadth, 17 R. 2. 2.2j

14. The Penalty of making deceitful Clothes, or selling then without the aulnager's Seal, 17 R. 2. 2.. 2.

15. The Aulnager shall have no assured Estate in his Office, 17,

R. 2. 2. 5. 31 H. 6. 2. 5.

16. Clothes made in London shall be sealed before Sale as formerly, 4 77. 4. 2. 6. 17 Ed. 4. 2. 5.

17. Aulnage of Clothes may be let to Farm, 4 //. 4. C 24. 1 /

Ed. 4. 2. y.

18. The Assise of Clothes established, 7 H. 4. 2, 10. Repealed

9 H. 4. 2. 6. Confirmed 13 77. 4. 2. 4. 4 Ed. 4. 2. 1. 8 Ed..

4. 2. 1. 4 fa. 1. 2. 2..

19. Clothes not to be tacked or plaited before they be sealed, 11 77. 4. 2. 6.

20. Clothes cut into small Garments to pay Custom according to the Rate, 11 77. 4. 2. 7.

21. How the Word Cloth shall be interpreted, 11 77. 6. 2. 9.

22. Wages to be paid in Money, 4 Ed. 4. 2. 1. § 5. 10 Ann.

2. 16. §6. 1 g20. 1. 2. 15. § 12..

23. Liberty to put Flocks in certain Clothes in Devonshire, 7 Ed,

4. 2. 2.

24.. Woollen Yarn and Clothes unfulled not to be exported, 7 Ed,

4. 2. 3. 3 H. 8. 2. 7.

25. The Length and Breadth of Clothes, and the Order of dying them, 1 R. 3. 2. 8. z6. Italian Merchants prohibited to occupy Drapery, 1 R. 3..2. 9* § 8, 10.

27. Woollen Clothes, not to be exported till, they are rowed, barbed, and shorn, 3 H. 7. 2. 11. 3 77. 8. 2. 7. 5 77. 8.-2. 3. ■

z8. Certain cheap Clothes excepted, 3 77. 8. 2, 7. § 2.

29. The Price of Cloth limited, the Fined to 16s. Yard, (At..

4 H. 7. 2. 8.

30. Where custom shall be paid when Clothes are packed in one Port and fnipped in another, 11 H. 7. 2. 6.

3 1. For sealing of Cloth of Gold and Silver, 4 77. 8. 2. 6.

32. For the making of Devonshire White Streits, 5 77„ 8. 2. z

6 77. 8. 2. 8. 7 £7.6. 2. 9. 27 El. 2. 18.

33. Regulations to prevent Deceits in making Cloth, 6 77.8,.

2. 9. 27 77. 8. 2. lz. 3 y 4 7?/. 6. 2. 2.. 5 ftf 6 Ed..6-

C 6. 4 5 P. tif 71/. 2.. 5. 4 1.2. z.. 21 1. 2. 1-8*3

34. The selling of White Clothes to Strangers rellrained, 14

iy/7. S. r. 1. 27/7.8.2, 13.. „

3 Veffes;

vlwty

35. Veffes arid Set Clothes made in Suffolk not to be within the Assise, 14 is? 15 H, 3. C 11.

36. Regulations of the Clothing Trade in worcefterft.irc, 25 II 8. C 18.

37. Rents of Houses not to be raised in the Clothing Towns in worcefter/hire, 25 II 8. C 18. § 3.

38. Clothier to weave his Mark and fel his Seal, 27 H. 8. C 12.

39. Worccfterjbire Clothes to be sealed by the Searehers, 27 II 8.

C 1 2. § 5. -- Packing of Welsh Whites, 33 H. 8. C 3.

40. Clothes of small Value may be expoited unrowed, 27 II 8.

>3*

41. thealfifeof the Breadth of Kerfeys repealed, 33 ff. 8. C 18.

42. Exportation of Clothes uniovved, C above the Value of 3 I. prohibited, 33 H, 8. C 19.

43. Eor the making of Coverlets in yorkftare, 34 ck 33 II 8. C to.

44. For Welsh Frifes and Cottons, 34^ 35 H. 8. C II 34 {s'

35 IT. 2. C 26. §121. 1 fa. 1. C 25. § 28.

'4 5. Length to be marked on the Seal, 3 £3 "4 Ed. 6. C 2.

46. Shrinking Cloth not to be sold, 3 & ted. 6. C 2. § 3.'

47. Measure and Weight of Clothes in Kent and Suffix, 5 ta 6

• • Ed. 6. C 6. § 3.

48. Of long Worcefters and Short Worcefters, ibid. •§ 3 £5' 7.

1)9. The Meafute in Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Wiltjhhe, Gloucester and Somcrf't, ibid. § 8 if i.

50. Of Denjonjhire Kerfeys, Taunton and Bridgewater Clothes, Welsh Frizes, Cheshire Cottons, lac. ibid. § 14, 17 ff 21.

5 t. Who may make Broad Cloth,; is 6 Ed. 6. C 8.

52. The Ufeof Gig Mills prohibited, 5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 22.

55, Inhabitants of Cities, sv. may make Cloth tbo' they have not been Apprentices, 1 M. ft. 3. C 7.

54. A Clothier shall keep but one Loom, 2 & 3 P. ism, C 11. § 2. '

53. Where Woollen Cloth may be Woven, 2 3 P. & M. C 11.

§ 6. 4 {S' 5 P. sf M. C. § 32.

5'5. For viewing and sealing Bridgwater Clothes, 2 ck 3 P. £5 M, C 1 2..

57. None to make Woollen Clothes unless they have been Ap. prentice, 4 y 5 P. £s' M. C 5. § 33.

58. Where Woollen Cloth may be made, 1 El. e. 14.

59. Clothiers not to hire Workmen for less than a Year, 5 £/. C 4- § 3*

60. Suffolk and Kentiftj Clothes not to be exported unwrought, 8 El. C 6.

61. Regulations of the Drapers, Cottoners and Frizers of shrewsbury, 8 El, C 7. Repealed 14 El. t. 12.

62. Drapers where disabled, 8 El. C 7. $ 6.

63. The Duty of the Aulnager in the County of Lancaster, 8 El. C 12.

64. Kerfeys not to be above the Length of 18 Yards, 14 El. C 10. Repealed 3 fa. 1. C 16.

65. Inhabitants of Somefet, Gloucesterftire and Wilts may make Cloth out of Market towns, 18 El. C 16.

66. The Breadth of West Country Clothes, 27 El. C 17. Made perpetual, 35 EL C 7.

67. For the making of Woollen Clothes in Denton and Cornvsal, called Plain White Straight, C 27 El. C 18.

68. For the Clothiers in Boxftead in Essex, 27 El. C 23.

69. The Assise of coloured Clothes in Somersetjhire, ikc. 35 El. c■ 9-

70. Of eeajcnjhhe Kerfeys, C 3; El. C JO. 3 fa, 1. C 16.

71. So: feitures, V to be recovered with Cods, 35 EL C 10.

§ 6, 10.

72. The Lord Mayor and Mailer and Wardens of the Cloth Workers, may feareh the Work of all Persons occupying the broad Shears in London, 39 El. C 13.

73. Against tentering of No, them Cloth, 39 EL C 2c.

74. Clothes not to be wrought deceitfully nor llretched, 43 El. C 10.

75. Penalty on Clothiers, £s'c. refusing to obey the Order of Wages, 1 fa. I. C 6. § 7.

76. Clothier, being Juilice of Peace, not to rate Wages of Weaver, 1 f a. 1. C 6. § 9.

77. None to incur Penalty for want of Length, Breadth, cof Weff Cottons under 15./. per Yard, 1 fa. 1. C 25. § 28. 21 fa. I. r. 28. § 5.

78. Welsh Cottons not to be searched or sealed, 3 fa. 1. C 17, 3 Car. 1. C § 26.

79. Cloth sealed to be fearehed only by the Buyer, 4 fa. t. C z. § 22.

80. Buyer to have half the Penalty of Faults not certified, 4 fa,

1. C 2. § 23.

8 1. Cogware and other eoarfe Clothes made in the Northern Counties, need not be searched, 7 fa. 1. C 16.

82. For the free vending of Welsh Cloth, 21 fa. 1. C 9.

'83. Hot pressing of Cloth prohibited, -21 fa. 1. C 18.

84. Regulations of Bay making in the Dutch Bay hall at Colcheff ter, 12 Car, 2, c..22. 1 Geo. 1. C 41.

85. For the making of Cloth in the Well riding of Yorkshire,

13 Cf 14 Car. 2. C 32., 11 Geo. I. C 24. 7- Geo. 2, C 2 J. 11

Geo. 2. C 28. 14 Geo. 2. C 3;.,, _,

86. For the making of Kiddermirfter Stuff', 22 y 23 Car. 2. C 8.

87. The Market of Blaekwell hall regulated, 8 W. 3. C 9.

88. The Duty on Exportation taken away, 11 (ft 12 C 20, § I

89. The Aulnage Duty taken away, 11 y 12 W. 3. C 20. § 2.

90. A Duty on Broad Clothes exported White, 6 Ann, C 8. 9

Ann. C 6. § 18.

91. White Woollen Cloth may be exported by any Person, 6

Ann. C 9. _! YJ. C

92. For the true making of Yorkshire Clothes, 7 Ann. (. 13. 1

Geo. 1. C 15. § 14. u Geo. 1. C 24.

93. For the true making of Medley Broad Cloth, 10 Ann. C 16. 1 Geo. 1. C 15.

94. Penalties to be recovered with Colls, 1 Geo. 1, e, 15. § 16.

94. Who may be Bay weavers at cclchyjier, 1 Geo. 1. C 41.

96. Inspectors to be elected for the Western Counties, 13 Geo. I. r 2 j.

97. Penalty of Millman, fife, .not llamping the true Length, ifc. of Broad Cloth before it goes to the Mill, 7 Geo. z. C 25. § i.

98. Regulation of the Manufacture of.narrow Woollen Cloth in the Weil Riding of York, 11 Geo. 2, C 28.

95, Justices to ehufe additional Number of Meafurers and Searchers of Cloth, 14 Geo. 2. r._35.

For other Matters, see umaclitoclu^all., 2DPCI'0, jfafrs,

Felonies toitl; and boitbeut Ciergp, jlonooit, sa nufafhttcs, etutcolicti d^anufacturc, tciool 21, (do.

0 jllcb ♦

jd?nsu&a£ft£.

The Remedy against fraudulently landing Goods which have had a Drawback, 8 Ann. C 13. § 16.

For other Matters, see the federal Sorts of Cvftomalle Goodst

anti See Carts.

£nttre+

t. To be licensed by the justices, 5 EL C 12. § 4, 5, 6.

2. What Recognisance Drovers are to give, 22 if 23 Car. 2. C 19. § 5.

3. Drovers not to be deemed Bankrupts, 5 Geo, 2. C 30. § 40.

d?ttn; et

Not to be exported from Ireland unless to England and Wales,

1 o Csf 11 W. 3- i0 § 1 •

For other Matters, see 2djapcfp »

'jdjugs.

£>nts&

I. Drugs rated or unrated to what Duties liable on Importation,

2 tv. (A m.feff. 2. C 4. § 12. 3^4 Ann. C 4. § 8.

S, Drugs for Dying excepted, 3 Ann. C 4. § 8. 8 Geo. 1. C 15.

§ 10.

3. Drugs imported in engli/h Shipping where to pay the full Value mentioned in the Book of Rates, and those otherwise imported, treble the Value, 8 £2? g W, 3, C 34, "Made perpetual, 7 Ann, C 7. § zb.

4. What Time allowed for Exportation, 2 (A 3 Ann. cg. § 13. 7 G. 1. ft. 1. r. 21. §.10.

5. American Drugs may be.imported from any of the British Plantations, 7 Ami. C 8..§ 12..

The Value of Drugs how to be ascertained in order to fix the Duty, 1 oann. C 26. § 33. .11 Geo. 1. C 7. § 1, 3, 3.

7. The Duties how to be managed, 10 Ann. C zb. § 77.

8. In what Cases to be repaid on Exportation, 10 jinn. C 26. § 41*

9. Senna charged as a medicinal Drug, 1 Geo. I. C 43. § 3.

to. Drugs, (Ac. how to be searched and examined, 10 Geo. 1. C 20.

II A Duty on Drugs repealed, 11 Geo. 1. C 7. § 9.

iz. Borax and Camphire refined in Great Britain, entitled to a Drawback, 17 Geo. 2. C 31»-§ 3.

13. Gum Senega may be imported from any Part of Europe, 25 Geo. 2. C 32.

For dying. Drugs, see jdpers, see also Coffee, cuttoitts,

j£>pices,

£>ninfteiineos;

How punished, Ja. 1. C 5. 21 Ja. 1. C 7*

For other Matters, see 3tlcl)0ufcs.

sdtt&ttm

Seatozvn annexed to the Archbishoprick of Dublin, 4 Ann. C 26.

Dumfries

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 3 Geo. 1. C 6. 10 Geo. 2. c.j* - -

unsee Rivers.

Dtutfiai*.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 5 Geo. i. C 16. 10 Geo.

2, C 4.

Dtutijee.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 4 Geo. 2. C 11. 20 Geo. 2. C 17.

sdlltef# See Gaolers and Ecclesiastical Courts;

Durijam

1, itsbifhopand Chancellor to be Justices of Peace, as usual, 27 H. 8. C 24. §zi.

2- Proclamations how to be awarded on Exigents, 31 £/. C 9. § z.

3. The Bifiiop to have a Deputy in the King's Bench and Common Pleas for receiving Writs of Proclamations, 31 El. C 9. § 3.

4. The Forfeiture for not returning them, 31 EL C 9. § 4.

5. Saving of other Franchises belonging to the Bishopric of Durham, 31 El. C 9. § 5.

6. Writs of special Capias ut/agatum, He. to whom to be directed, 31. EL C g. § 6.

VOL. IX Tab.

Dttrijp Court.

. 7. One See only to be taken on awarding a Proclamation, 31 El. C 9- §7.

8. The Knights and Burgesses for Parliament how elecied, 23 Car. 2. C g.

g. The Chancellor, (Ac. of the County Palatine may grant com missionsfor.fwearing Affidavits in the Courts of Durham, 4 Geo.

3. C 21.

For other Matters, see Sertotcfe 2. Counties palatine., Jrairs 5. Jrines 21. parliament 34. Sheriffs 59.

sducfjp Court mm Dttrijp of Laitcaffer*

1. Commissioners of Sewers how appointed for the Duchy, z h. 8. r. 5. § 14.

2. Leases of Duchy Lands to pass the Duchy Seal, 27 h.s.c. 11,

§ 6.

3. What Lands shall be Parcel of the Duchy, and how to pass,

and what new ones may be annexed, 27 H. 8. C 11. § 6, 7. (Ac. 16. 2 {S' 3 Ph. (A M. C 20.

4. Grant of any Office whereof the Fees do not exceed 2 d. per Day, may be patted by the Chancellor of the Duchy, (Ac. 27 ■H. 8. C till § 7.

5. Debts due to the King in the Duchy shall be sued for there,

33 H 8. C 39- § 7-

6. The same Fees for the Commission as in Chancery, 3 (A 4

Ed. 6. C 8.

7. The same Benefice shall be under its Survey as anciently, I El. C 4. § 38.

8. Decrees of the Duchy Court concerning the king's Copyhold Land how confirmed, 7 Ja. 1. C 21.

9. chancel'or of the Duchy empowered to take Affidavits, 16 (A 17 Car. 2. C '9.

For aether Matters, see Counties palatine, auncafter.

Dperg, Djmio;, aim Dinnn;

1. Penalty, of dying Cloth, with Orchel or Cork called Jarcock, 1 R. 3. C 8. § 15.

2. Farther directions for dying Cloth, 3 (A 4 Ed. 6. C 2, § 4.

3; Searchers in every Borough to inspect Dying, 5 (A 6 Ed. 6.

r. 6. § 37...

4. Provisions for abolishing deceitful Materials, and other Frauds

in Dying, 23 El. C 9. 13 Geo. 1. C 24.

5. Penalty on using Logwood, 23 El. C 9. § 2.

6. Every Dyer to fix a Seal of Lead to his Cloth, 23 El. C 9.

'§'s

7. Dying Wood of the Growth of the e»ghjh Plantation not to

be transported but to English'plantations, 12 Car. 2. C t8. § 18; V - ' ‘ _ _ •

8. To be put on Shore in England, C before it is carried from thence, 15 Car. 2. C 7. § 9.

9. Logwood may be imported and used in Dying, 13 (A 14 Car.

2. C 11. §26 (A 27.

10. Dying Wood, to what Duties liable on Importation, 4 W,

(A M. C 5. § 2. 3 (A 4 Ann. C 4. § 8.

n. And what to'pay on Exportation, 8geo. 1. C 15. § it. — And within what Time'to be exported, z (A 3 Ann. C 9. § 13. 7 Grot?. if C 21. § 10.

12. Dying Goods in general where exempt from Duties on Importation, 8 Geo. 1. r. 15. § 10.

13. Penalty of deceitful Black Dying, 13 Geo. 1. C 24.

14. Penalty of using Logwood in dying Blue, 13 Geo. 1. C 24.' § 3-

15. Matter, (Ac. of Dyers Company in London to appoint Searchers, 13 Geo. 1. C 24. § 4.

For other Matters, see jdtttgs, plantations 29, (Ac. cltojs

(lets.

sdpfatt*

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 26 Geo, 2. C 44.

II Cattljm

ccaft 31nhfa Company

Ccelefiafffcal Courts

E;

€actljeit Sat

To what Duty liable, 2 IV (ft M. fejf. 2. C 4, § 48.

^aft*3fui>fa Company.

1. East-india Goods excepted out of the Navigation af, 12 Cti', 2. C 18. §13.

2. Five percent, on eft india Stock, how to be answered to the Government, 4 IV (3' M. C 15. §. 10.,

3. The East-india company's Fund established, g (ft 10 IV 3,

C 44. § 46. 3 Geo. 2. C 14.

4. Limits of their Trade, g (ft 10 IV 3. C 44. § 61,

5. Security to be given that Good; laden in India ieail be brought to England, 9 (ft 10 IV 3. C 44. § 69.

6. Their Stock a personal Estate and exempt from Taxes, giftfto IV 3. r. 44, §71, 72.

7. Duty of percent, to be paid to the Company, gift 10 IV 3. C 44. § 76.

8. Exclusive Trade granted to the Company, gift 10 W. 3. C

44. § 81. 3 Geo. '2. C 14,.,

9. I'he Proportions of Salt Petre to be delivered by the Companies when united, 1 Ann, ft. 1. C iz. § 113.

10. Security to be given that their Goods shall not be unladen out of Great Britain, 6 Ann. C 3.

11. Their Capital increased and their Term enlarged, 6 Ann. C 17.

12. Officers of the Customs shall take Bond for the Customs, 6

Ann. C 17. § 11. ‘

13. Their Trade to be secured notwithstanding that their Fund be redeemed, 10 Ann. C 28.

14. The company's Security to be given for the Customs, 10 Ann. C 29.

15. His majesty's Subjects restrained from going to India without

Leave of the Company, or from taking Commissions from foreign States for that Purpose, 5 Geo. 1. r. 21. 7 Geo. i.

C 21.

16. Not to prejudice the Right of the south-sea "Company, 5 Geo, 1. C 2j. § 5.

17. Impovvered to lend Money on Bottomry to their Captains, (ftc. 6 Geo. I. C 18. § 26.

18. Regulation of their Power of borrowing upon Bond, 7 Geo.

!. r. 5. § 32. ■ _ ■

19. Defendant on Acquittal entitled to Costs, 7 Geo. ic. 21. § 1.

2p. Contrails and Loans on foreign Ships bound to the east in diesvoid, y Geo. 1. c.21. §2. •

21. Bills in the Exchequer may be filed for Discovery of unlawful Trade, .7 Geo. t. C zi. § 5.

22. May export Stores of War free, 7 Geo. I. C 21. § 13.

23. Penalty on joining in any India Company in the Austrian Netherlands 9 Geo. 1. C 26.

24. A Misdemeanour for any Subjeit to be in India, C without

Authority, 9 Geo. 1. C 26. § 6. 17 Geo. 2. C 17. § 11.

25. Annuity of 160, 000/. reduced to 128, 000/. 3 Geo. 2. C i4.

§ 4. '

26. Restrained from purchafrng more than the yearly Value of 10, 000/. 3 Geo. 2. C 14. § 14.

27. The reduced Annuity of 128, 000/. charged on the Aggregate Fund, 3 Geo. 2. C 20. § 22.

28. An Annuity of 30, 000/. granted to the East-india Company out of the Surplus of the Duty on Spirituous Liquors, 17 Geo.

2. C 17.

29. Exclusive Trade not to be determined till after 25 Mar. 1780, 17 Geo. 2. C 17. § 13.

30. Commissioners of Inland Duties to attend Sales of East-india Company, and take Account of Lots of Tea, (ftc. 18 Geo. 2. C z6. § 6,

31. Offences again ft 3 Geo. r, C 21. excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo, C 52. §40.

32. Insurance of Ships and Goods trading to India under new foreign Commissions prohibited, 25 Geo. 2. C 26.

33. The Troops of the Corhpany made subject to martial Law, 27 Geo. 2. C 9.

34. mifdemear.ors of their Presidents and Council may be tried in England, 27 Geo. 2. C 9. § 13.

3;. His majesty'may empower Diredlors to authome their Governor and Council to hold court-martial at Fort Marlborough, 1 Geo. 3. C 14.

For other Matters, see attu 16. tbailferupt 14, I;, hu5jo°

seers 13. China citarc, Copper 4. cuttomg, 3dtamont>s 2. ixloitgtottfcoutclersp, Tit'. jfojgcrpantiirobberp, ^funos 6, (ftc. nia (Coots, jjnfuranee 9. Linen, sfailclotb n. jgieamen 60. £>itfeo, ©outl)=2pea Company,

Cafflnttn Crane.

All the king's Subjects may use the eaftlandtrade, or be admitted of the Eastland Company, 25 Car. 2. C 7. § 5.

Catan cohege.

1. How discharged from firstfruits and Tenths, 1 El. C 4. § 3-4,

2. And its Maintenance provided for, 18 El. C 6.

Ccclefiaftical Cotittg, pevfaws, ant! pof= felficms.

1. No Waste shall be in Church Lands during Vacation, M. C gh.z.c.ft. 14. Ed. yft. 4. f.

2. Ecclesiastical Persons shall be amerced after their Lay Tenement, M. C 9 H. 3. c.' 14,

3. Patrons shall have the Custody of Abbeys in Time of Vacation, M. C 9 H. 3, C 33.

4. The Successor shall have a Remedy far a Trespass done to his House in the Time of his Predecessor, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 28.

5. None shall resort to Religious Houses, and put them to Expense, (ftc. St. Weftm. 1. 3 Edi. C I. Lit. pal. super pris. honour. c/er. 3 Ed. 2. Artie. Cler. 9 Edp, .ft. I. rvu.

6. Eleflions shall be free, St. Weftm, 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 5. Art. Cler. 9 Ed. 2. C 14.

7. Bishops shall hold Plea' in Matters merely Spiritual for Correlation of deadly Sin, as Fornication, (ftc. Circumjp. agatis, 13 Ed. 1. ft. 4.

8. Alfopro coemeterio nan claufo, (ft pro ecclejid non decenter ornata, ibid.

9. For Pensions, Circumfp, agatis, 13 Edi. ft. 4.

to. Aifo for disputed Tithes not exceeding a Fourth of the Church, ibid. Art. Cler. 9 Ed. 2. ft. I. C 1 (ft 2.

11. For violent laying Hands on a Clerk, or Defamation, ibid. Art. Cler, 9 Ed. 2. ft. I. C 3 (ft 4.

12. No Tax shall be laid upon the Religious Orders, to be carried

out of the Realm, sat. de apportis Relig, 35 Ed. ft. 1. C 2 (ft 3. 4 Ed. 3. C 6. 5 Ed. 3. C 3.

13. None shall buy the Goods of the Clergy against their Will,

3 Ed. 2.

14. Where Spiritual and Temporal Courts may both proceed, 9 Ed, 2. C 6.

13. Clerks in the king's Service shall be corrected by their Ordinary, but are excused Residence, Art. Cler. 9 Ed, 2. ft. 1. r. 8.

16. Distresses for the King shall not be made in Possessions of the Church, Art. Cler. 9 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 9.

17. The Ability of a Person presented to a Church shall be examined by the Ordinary, Art. Cler. 9 Ed, 2. ft. 1. C 13.

18. The Temporalties of Bishops shall not be unduly fei2ed,

1 Ed.

(£ccfei1atficai Coutt^

setofatuirffd.

t Ed. 3. ft. 2. e. 2. .14 Ed.'%, ft. 4. C 3. But they shall be admitted to a Fine for a Contempt, 25 Ed. 3, ft. 3. C 6.

19. Purveyance shall not be made in the Fees of Holy Church without the owner's Consent, 14 Ed. 3. ft. 4, C 1. Nor of theirgoods, 18 Ed. 3.9?. 3. C 4. • 31 Ed. 3./, 4. C 4. 1 R.

2. C 3.

20i duringvacation the Temporaries of a Bishopric shall be leased to the Dean and Chapter, 14 Ed. 1. ft. 4. C 5.

21. Ministers of Holy Church shall not be answerable in the king's Courts for Matters touching their Jurisdiction, 15 Ed. 3. ft. r. C 6.

2z, New purchased Lands of the Clergy taxed to the Subsidies granted by the Commons, 15 Ed. 3.9?. 3. 6.

23. A Bishop not to be impeached for Cause of Crime without the king's special Command, 18 Ed. ft. 3. C 1.

24. Commissions to inquire of Ecclesiastical Judges not to be granted, 18 Ed, 3.7?. 3. C 6.

25. Voidance of a Benefice shall be tried by the Ecclesiastical Judge, 25 Ed. 3. ft. 3. C 8. _

26. Indidments againil Ordinaries, ts'c. to fct forth the, 23

Ed. 3.7?. 3. 9,

27. The Wages of Chaplains and Curates limited, 36 Ed. 3. C 8.

28. Liberties of the Church confirmed, 50 Ed. 3. C 1.

29. Priests shall not be arrested while they are attending on Di,

, Service, 50 Ed. 3. C 3. 1 R. 2. C 15,

30. Shall have their Action of Trespass against Purveyors offending, as they cannot pursue by way of Crime, 1 R'. 2. C 3.

31. The Penalty of procuring Persons to be unduly indided for proceeding in the Ecclesiastical Courts, 1 R. 2, C 13.

32. If an Ecclesiastical Person is sued for Tithes taken away, and excepts, l£c. the Plaintiff shall (hew in Special how it was lay Chattel, 1 R. 2. C 14.

33. Whether a Prior is perpetual or removable, shall be tried by the Ordinary, 9 R. 2. C 4.

34. Priests taken in the Marshalsea shall pay such Fees as others, 9 R. 2. C 5.

33. Abbots may make Attorneys in the Courts of Staineliffe and Frendles, 3 H. 5.7?. 2. C 2. 9 H. 6. C 10. 15 H. 6. C j.

36. Abbots not to be appointed Collectors of Tenths outof their County, 9 H. 5. C 9.

37. Members of the Convocation shall have the same Privilege as Members of Parliament, 8 H. 6. C I.

38. A Pardon to the Clergy of all Felonies, of Rape, and of Offences in taking excessive Salaries, 27 H. 6. C 6.

39. The Abbot of Fountain permitted to wage his Law by Attorney, and to perform it by a Commoigne, 33 H. 6. C 6.

40. The Collectors of the Difmer, while they are accounting in the Exchequer, shall not be liable to Suits there, 1 R. 3. C 14.

41. The Ordinaries may imprison their Clerks for Incontinency,

1 H. 7, C 4.

42. Patents of Discharge of Difmes repealed, II 7. r, 3. re strained, 7 H. 7. C 6.

43. Ecclesiastical Persons restrained from taking Farms and Merchandizing, zi H. 8. C 13. And from keeping a Tanhouse or Brewhouse, §32.

44. Not to hold two Benefices with'cure, 21 H. 8. C 13. §9,

45. Penalty of procuring Dispensations from Rome, 21 H. 8. C 13. § 12, 27.

46. Who may have Dispensations for Pluralities, ilid, § 13.

47. Citation out of the Diocese prohibited, except in Cases of Heresy, Probate of Wills, Lfr. 23 H. seg.

48. The Order of pursuing Appeals, 24 H, 8. C 12. § 5, Iftc. 25 H. 8. r, 19, § 3, 4, 5, 6.

49. No Pension to be reserved out of any Living above the Value of the third Part, 26 H. 8. C 3. § 22.

50. Pensions not to be exacted in Richmond, 26 H. 8. C 15.

51. The King empowered to appoint 32 Persons to examine the

Canons and Constitutions, 23 II 8. C 19, 27 H, 8. C 13,

35 U. 8. C 16, 3 ift 4 Ed. 6, e, 1 j.

32. Fruits taken in Time of Vacation shall be restored to the next Incumbent, 28 H. 8. C n.

33. Incumbents may bequeath the Corn fotvn upon their Glebe, 28 H. 8. C n, § 6.

54, The Puniflimect of Priests for Incontinency, 32 II 8. C 10, 33. Doctors of the Civil Law though married may exercise Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, 37//. 8. C 17. 1 El. C 1. § 12.

56. The Marriage of Priests lawful, 2^3 Ed. 6. C 21.; If 6

Ed. 6. C 12. And their Children legitimate, 1 Ja. 1. C 33.

§ 50. ' ' / '

'57. The Queen autliorifed to appoint Commissioners for exercise of Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, 1 EI. C 1. §18. Repealed, 16 Car. 1. C 11.

38. Fraudulent Deeds to prevent Remedy for Dilapidations made void, 13 El. C 10.

59. Leases by Spiritual Persons for more than 21 Years or three Lives made void, 13 EL C 10. § 3.

60. None shall retain any Benefice not being a Deacon at the least,

13 El. C 12. 13 £2? 14 Car. 2. C 4. § 13,

61. Leases of Benefices with Cure shall endure no longer than

while the Lessor is resident, 13 El. C 20. (Made perpetual, 3 Car. 1. C 4.) 14 El. C 11. § 13^16.

62. Charges made upon Benefices with Cure shall be void, 13 El, C 20.

63. Bonds and Covenants for the Enjoyment of such Land of no more Validity than Leases, 14 El. C 11. § 15. is El. C 11. §3

64. The Statute of 13 El. C 10. not to extend to Houses in marketrtowns, Idle. 14 El. C 11. § 17.

65. Money recovered in Dilapidations shall be employed in Repairs, 14 El. C 11. § 18.

66. Reltridions to be observed in Leases made by Ecclesiastical Persons, 14 El. C 11. § 19.

67. Former Leases must expire or be surrendered within three Years after granting a new Lease, 18 EL C 11.

68. Sequestration to go against an Incumbent that has leased his

Benefice contrary to 13 El. C 20. 18 EL C 11. § 7.

6g. The Power of Bishops to inflict Fines or corporal Punfhment taken away, 16 Car. 1. C 11.

70. Disabled to exercise Temporal Jurisdiction, 16 Car. 1. C 27. Repealed, 13 Car. 2. ft. 1. C 2.

71. Ministers restored and confirmed, izc«r, t, 17.

72. The ordinary Jurisdiction of Bishops, C restored, 13 Car, 2. ft, 1. C 12.

73. The Oath ex Officio shall not be administered, 13 Car. 2, ft.

I. r. iz. § 4.

74. None to hold any Living or administer the Sacrament unless epifcopally ordained, 13 tsf 14 Car. 2. C 4, § 13, 14,

73. No Disability to be incurred by any Church Censure in Scotland, 10 Ann. C 7. § 10.

For aether Matters, see ^jbbotofoit, fuffitia'oit 3. *5lcljoufcs

10. 3drte(j 3. ubifljops, Chaplains, Church 1. Churches, Citation, Clergy, Conbocation, Cojpo* ration of the Sons of the Clergy, Curates, jdf* fhets 4. excommunication, rffirft Fruits, utica bit, 31nt>uction. jntrugou, Ft tug 23, LV ilcafcs 6/ 7. 8, 9, 10. Carriages 4, 15, sv. ihjjavihalfea 6. £>ath5, fiihtiination, jsctjuty 4. fmutality, j3?efcnt= incut, 32>joiubition, iftccticants 2. jbcligion, lbcii= bcnce, Serbfcc anti Sacraments, Simony, Cities, Wears, tlnibercticsj flftfury 9.

C5CH* .See Rivers.

cbuinlnirglj.

1. A Duty of Excise continued to the Town, 3 Geo, 1. C 5,

9 Geo. 1, C 14, 1 Geo. 2. C 22. 25 Geo. 2. C 9.

H z

2. A

<cle8fonj$*

citsiiflj;

2. A chaiitable Fund for Insurance from Fire at Edinburgh established, i Geo, 2. C 22. § 4.

3. The Murder of Portedus censured, 10 Geo. 2. t. 34 & 35.

4. For erefling public Buildings, and improving the Streets there, 26 Geo. 2. C 36.

5. For iupplying the City with Water, 29 Geo. 2. C 74,

(Etiyffone Koclu

Its Lighthouse, how rebuilt, 4 Ann. C 20. 8 Ann, C 17,

Penalty for taking the Eggs of Swans or Hawks, 11 H. 7. C 17.

(Egyptians.

1. Prohibited to continue in England, 22 H. 8. C 10. I (A 2

P. & M. C 4.

2. To be puniflied as Vagabonds and sturdy Beggars, 39 El. C 4. § 2.

3. Ptrfons pretending to be Gipsies or wandering in the Habit of Egyptians, C to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, 17 Geo. 7. C 5. § 2.

For other Matters, see sflcccrarg II ^fclotlfec lmltl)ollt

Ctcrgp,

Cjeffmeuts.

1. Penalty on Tenants concealing Ejeflments fi-om their land lords, 11 Geo. 2. C 19. § 1 2.

2. Landlords may be made Defendants with or without their Tenants, 1 1 Geo. 2. C 19. § 13.

For other Flatters, see cbtto?, jrcnts.

(Elections. See Colleges, Corporation and Parliament.

Cleftions fo? embers of Parliament. See

Parliament.

ciesiond of 'Bifljopd,

t. elections shall be free, Si. Wefm. 1. 3 Ed, 1. C 5. Art. Cler. 9 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 14. 9 H. 4. C 9.

2. Granted on Condition to have the Royal Assent, otherwise the King to collate, 2; Ed. f. 6. § 3.

3. The king's Prerogative in Elections saved, 9 H. 4. C 9.

For other Matters, see ubifljops, Canterbury, c0?p0ja=

tion, parliament, Sheriffs, 3ftnibcrotic0,

cleaionis III loittiom See London, (Elegft. See Execution.

clcp&ants Ceetl).

To what Duties liable, 4 W. M. C 5. § 2.

(Elgine.

A Duty of two Penies Scots on Ale there, 8 Geo. 1. C 7 ',

Clopement. See Dower.

(Ely.

Its f.ilhop and his Steward to be Juilices of Peace as usual, 27 H. 8. C 24. § 20. for its Fens, see '215ct>fojti jlcbcl,

cmon0'abo?!5. See ambaltadors.

Cmblements.

Widows may bequeath the Crop of their Land, as well of their Dower, as their other Land, 20 H, 3. C 2.

For other Matter, see ihcnt.

Cmbjfttetp. See Jurors and Maintenance.

(Emfyoioeeets.

1. Deceitsin Embroidery prohibited, 2 H, 6. C 9.

2. Foreign Embroidery prohibited, 13 if 14 Car. 2. C 13.

(Emernltis.

Exempt from Duties, 6 Geo. 2. C 7,

(Engliflj.

1. All Pleas to be entered in Latin, and debated in Engltfh, 36 Ed. 3. C 15.

2. All Pleas, Records, Bonds and Proceedings in Courts of justice in England or Wales, or in the Exchequers Scotland, shall be in English, and writ in Words at Length, and in a common Hand, 4 Geo. 2. C 26. § i, 9 Geo. 2. C 27. Except known Abbreviations and Technical Words, 6 Geo. 2. C 14. § 5.

3. Penalty for Writing otherwise, 4 Geo. 2; C 26. §1. 6 Geo, 2.

C 14. §4.

4. Exceptions as to Proceedings in the Admiralty certified beyond Sea, 4 Geo. 2, C 26. § 3. and Proceedings in the Court of Receipt of the Exchequer in Scotland, 6 Geo. 2. C 6.

5. Millranllations, Variances, and other Defects in Form, a mendable, 4 Geo, 2. C 26. § 2.

6. And helped by the Statutes of Jeofails, 4 Geo, 2, C 26. § 4.

(Engiifljsie.

Presentment of enghjhrie taken away, \^ed.$.f. t; C 4.

cntolmeilt. See Inrolment.

cluail. See Tenant in Tail.

1. Shall not be taken away by Difcent after a dilteifin, unless the Diffeifor was in polteffion live Years, 32 H. 8. C 33,

2. Shall not be of Force to avoid a Fine, Ifc. unless an Aflion' be commenced within a Year, lac. 4 Ann. C 16. § 16.

For other Matter, see jfojclbu Ctlttf.

shtit of (Entry.

1. Writ of Entry fur Diffeifin in le Pof, in what Cases it lies, 52-. H. 3. C 29.

2. In casu proviso on a woman's aliening her Dower, 6 Ed. 1, -

jl.t.c.j.

(Equity of eeoemptioit.

In what Cases taken away, 4 & 5 w.lam.c. 16.

(Equivalent.

1. Application of the Equivalent Money, 6 Ann, C 24. .12

Ann, C 13. I Geo. 1. C 27. 3 Geo. 1. C 14. 13 Geo, 1.

r. 3°.

2. Commissioners appointed for Hating the Equivalent, 1 Geo, 1,

C 27.

3. A Fund ellablilhed for Discharge of the Equivalent, 5 Geo. 1,

C 20.

4. Charged upon the Customs and Excise in Scotland, 23 Geo. 2.

C 21. f 5.

Ctro?*

Cfcnpa;

1. Errors in the Marshalsea shall be redressed in the King Bench, 5 Ed. 3. C 2.

2. Error when to be redressed in Parliament, 14 Ed. 3. C 3.

3. The Chancellor and Treasurer shall correct Errors of Process in the Exchequer, 31 Ed. 3, ft. ic. 12,.

4. A Reversioner shall have a Writ of Error on an erroneous Judgement against the particular Tenant, 9 R. 2. C 3.

3, Judgments not to be reversed for Error in Places Tafed, C 8 H. 6, C 12. § i.

6. Defendant in Error to have Cods and Damages, 3 H. 7. C

10, 19 H. 7. C 20.

7. Writs of Errors in Judgments of the King's Bench in certain Aflions returnable in the Exchequer chamber, 27 El. C 8,

8. No past Attainder of Treason shall be reversed after Execution of the Party, 29 El. C 2.

9. The not coming of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Treasurer

shall not discontinue a Writ of Error from the Exchequer, 31 El, C 1. § 1. 16 Car. 2. C 2.

10. Three of the Judices and Barons may continue Writs of Error from the King's Bench, 31 El. C I. § 2.

11. The Party grieved by a Judgement of the King's Bench, may sue in Parliament at his Election, 31 El. C 1. § 4,

12. Execution shall not be stayed by Writ of Error upon Judgement

in an Aflion of Debt, upon a Angle Bill, isc, unless Bail be put in, 3 Jac. I. C 8. Made perpetual 16 17 Car.

2. C 8.

13. Execution after Verdict shall not be stayed in Actions for Tithes, Actions on Promise for Payment of Money, Trover, Covenant, Detinue and Trespass, in the superior Courts, by Writ of Error, unless Bail be put in, 13 Car, 2. ft. 2. C 2. §9 •

14. The not coining of Chancellor or Treasurer, life, not to cause Abatement in Error in Exchequer, 16 Car. 2. C 2. § 2.

13. Execution not to be stayed in any Judgement after Verdifl by Writ of Error, urilefs Bail be put in, 16 if 17 Car, 2. C 8. §•3. .Not to extend to Executors, isc. ibid. § 5.

16. Bail shall be given in Error after Verdict in Dower and ejectment, 16 £5? 17 Car. 2. C 8. § 3.

17. On Affirmance in Dower or Ejedlment, Judgement for the mesne Profits, 16 if 17 Car. 2. C 8. §4.

18. This at not to extend to Writ of Error brought by Executors or Ad miniftrators, ifc. nor to Aflions Popular, iftc. 16 is 17 Car. 2. C 8. § 5.

19. Death of either Party after Verdifl shall not be alleged for Error, if Judgement be entered in two Terms, 17 Car. 2. C 8. §'•

20. The Lord Chancellor may give Judgement on Writs of Error from the Exchequer, when there is no Lord Treasurer, 20 Car. 2. C 4.

21. Execution shall not be stayed on Judgement in an Aflion of Escape by Writ of Error, unless Bail be put in, 8 if 9 IF. 3. C 27- § 3-

22. No Judgement, Fine or Recovery, shall be reversed, unless the Writ of Error be brought within twenty Years, 10 (ft 11 IV 3. r. 14.

23. Costs on quafhing a writoferror, 4 Ann. C 16. § 25,

24. Writs of Error may be amended, 5 Geo. I. C 13.

For Errors in Fines, see jflltcc,

For Other Matters, see scbtlteillcltf 19, 23. Cljefhtr II

coos 19. 31eofailg, bonbon 12. il^atfljalfea 3..

€fcape

S. Nothing shall be demanded for an Escape, until it be adjudged by Judices itinerant, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 3.

2. Debt shall lie for the Escape of an Accountaut in Execution, St. Weftm..2. 13 Ed. 1. C 11.

3. The Gaoler shall be answerable for the Escape of one in Execution upon a Statute Merchant, St. de Merc. 13 Ed. 1./. 3.

4

€fc§cat&

4. The Penalty of the Marshal of the King's Bench suffering prisoners to escape, 5 Ed. 3. C 8.

5. How Escapes shall be levied, 31 Ed. %.j}..i. C 14,.

6. Debt given against the Warden of the Fleet for the Escape of a Prisoner in Execution, ir. 2. C 12.

7. Escapes of Felons may be inquired of by Jullices of the Peace,, 1 R. 3. e. 3.

8. Several Penalties for Escapes, 19 H. 7. C to..

9. The Profits of the Office of the Marshal and the Warden of

the Fleet to be fequeflered to satisfy Escapes, 8 9 W. 3. e. 2-,

10. A Penalty of 500/. on the Marshal, ifc. fora wilful Escape, 8 is' 9 IV 3. 0.27.. § 4..

11. Plea of fresh Pursuit to be upon Oath, 8 if 9 IF. 3. C 27-. § 6.

12. A Prisoner in Execution escaping may be taken on a new Capias, 8 iff 9 IF. 3. C 27. § 7'.

13. Escape Warrants to be granted for taking Prisoners escaping,

I Ann. ft. 2. C 6. 5 Ann. C 9.

14. Persons taken on Escape Warrants to be kept where Debtors are, 3 Ann„ C g. § 1..

15. Warrants on Escapes may be executed on the Sunday, 3 Ann, C 9. §3._

16. An Action given for the Escape of a Prisoner in Execution upon a Decree in Equity, 3 Anne. 9. § 4.

17. Penalty of 500/. on Gaoler suffering Bankrupts to escape, 5 Geo. 2. C 30.§ 18, 36..

18. Felony assisting Prisoners to escape, 16 Gcc. 2. C 31.

For other Matters, see rfflect fjjifou,; ff ojfet'tttrcs 3. 3!u(ll*= see of ?2>eacc, ^otesi'on 7. gtertrice, ifc. 13.

Cfdjeats anti €fefjeat02&

1. How Escheats shall be answered to the King, St., de Scac. 5 r H. 3 .ft. 5. st..de Escheat or.. 29 Edi.

2. Efcheators shall not commit Waste in Wards Lands, z8 Ed. i„, e. 18.

3. Shall restore Issues of Lands wrongfully seized, 28 Ed. i„ C 19.

4- The king's Prerogative in Escheats of Bishops Tenants and of Felons, Prarog. Reg.. 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 14 if 16.

5. Efcheators shall have Lands sufficient in the County to answer

the King and his People, ted, .3. C 9. 3 Ed. 3. C 4.

6. There shall be a sufficient Number of Efcheators defied yearly by the Chancellor, ifc. uqed. 3. ft. 1, C 8.

7. Casual Profits to be answered according to the Rate, 28 Ed. jt

4-

8. Shall take Inquefls of good Jurors, isc. 34 Ed. 3, C 13; 23

h.6.c. 16.

9. Offices found shall be returned into Chancety, 36 Ed, 3;. C 13

10. Shall have 20/. a Year in Land, 42 Ed. 3. C 5. 12 Ed. 4.'

C 9-

it. Shall be removed every Year, 46 Ed. 3. in Appendix.

12. Commissions shall go 10 inquire of the Accounts of Sheriffs, Efcheators, ifc. 6 H. 4. C 3.

13.. No Efcheator to take Inquefls but of People returned by the Sheriffs, 8 H. 6. C 16.

14.' Lands seized not to be let till a Month after Office returned, ibid..

13. Shall return Inqnifitlons within the Month, 18 H, 6. C 7..

16. Efcheators Sees, 23 H. 6. C 16.

For other Matters, see smejojls! 5. tc^cljctpict', jfnqutfjr

lions, patents.

Cfcuage.

1. Shall be taken as accustomed, M. C g II 3. C .37,

2. Taken away, 12 Car. 2. C 24. § 2.

€lfoin.

1. After Jffue joined there shall.be butane eftoin, St. mat'eh 5277.3.0, 13,.

?, Effakt,

Cffoiit.'

Cfltent#*1

€sj(nctice*

2. Efl'oin need not be sworn to in the County or Court Baron, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 20.

3. Lies not after Appearance in Aflizcs, Attaints and Juris utrurn, St. Wejim. 1. 3 Ed. \, C 42. Kor shall the Plaintiffs have Efl'oin, St. Wejim. z. 13 Ed. 1. C 28.

4. Parceners and Jointenants shall not fourch by Efl'oin, St. Wejim. I. $ed.l.c. 43.

5. Nor Husband and Wife, St. g/ouc. 6 Edt. C to.

6. Efl'oin de ultra mare may be challenged before the Justices, for that the Tenant was within England the Day of the Summons, and three Weeks after, St. Wejim. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 44.

7. On Failure of warranting an Essoin, De Jervitio Regis, the Defendant shall pay Colls, St. Glouc. 6 Ed. r. C 8.

S. Efl'oin does not lie in Assise in Wales, St. Wall. 12 Edi. in appendix.

9. No Efl'oin lies for an Appellor in any Case, 13 Ed. r. C 1 2.

10. De male lebi may be challenged, for that the Tenant is not flek, St. Wejim. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 17.

11. Shall not lie in a Writ of Right between two claiming by one Descent, st.west. 2. \o)ed. ic. 17.

iz. After Ifluc joined an Efl'oin shall only be allowed atthefirfl Day given, St. Wejim. 2. 13 Ed. ic. 27.

13. No efl'oin after a Day given price partium, St. Wejim. z. 13 Ed. ir. 27.

14. In what Cases Effoins lie, and in what not, St. ejpm. 12 Ed. 2. Ji. 2.

15. In what Cases Efl'oin De Jervitio Regis lieth not, St. de Viju, See. incerti temp. I Vol. 188.

16. Efl'oin De Jervitio, tdc. and protection does not lie in Attaint or in Assise of 'novel Dijfeijm, 5 Ed. 3. C 6.

17. In Debt against diverse Executors, they shall not fourch by

Efl'oin, 9 3. ir. 3.

For other Matters, Jee Attaint 5. (ib^efutojs 4. 3otef= jrafs 4.

Cfftepement.

Waste shall not be made of Land in Demand pending a Plea, St. Glouc, 6 Ed. ir. 13,

quer, Juries 33, 36, idc. juftfccs of tlje peace to; Sietocvs 8. Sheriffs,

c&tocitce.

1. The Council to provide Remedy for those whose Evidences were destroyed in an Infurrettion, 5 R. z.jl. 1. C 9. 6 R. z, C 4.

2. Shop book where Evidence, 7 Ja. ic. 12.

3. Not to extend to Intercourse between Merchants and tradesmen within their mutual Trades, 7 Jac. 1. C 12. § 2.

4. What good evidence of the Death of a Lessee for Life, 19 Car. 2. C 6.

5. Of the Conveyance of a fee-farm Rent, 22 id 23 Car. 2. C

, z4 § 5-

6. Of the Augmentation of a small Vicaridge, 22 Car. 2. C 8.

§+•

7. What Stamp is required to make a Writing Evidence, C id 6 W. id M. C zi. § 11.

8. Inhabitants may be Witnesses on Indiftments relating to Bridges and Highways, 1 Ann. Ji. 1. C 18. § 13.

9. Commissioners of Bankruptcy may examine all Persons touch.' ing effects of Bankrupt, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. §16.

ic. What may be given in Evidence in Cases of Bankruptcy, 5 Geo. 2. C 30. § 41.

11. Inhabitants of the Hundred may be Witnesses at Trials on the Statutes of Hue and Cry, 8 Geo. 2. C 16. § 15.

12. Relief for Subjects in Scotland, whose Evidences were imbezilled by the Rebels, 20 Geo. 2. C 20.

13. Copies of Letters of Attorney, idc. relating to Prize Money, idc. made Evidence, 20 Geo. 2. C 24. § 14.

14. Parishioner may be a Witness on Prosecution for keeping 3 Bawdy house, idc. 2; Geo. 2. C 36. § 9.

Sir other Matters, see ulbultral, idc. 12. 3ppptenttccs 38.

ffiaron aut petite 8. • ©jittgef; 20. Coacflcs 15. ctfe 34, idc. ^fclonp, 3t. dsolb, idc. 26. Junta cfroods 9, idc. Juvolnient 8. 68, idc. p?fjcs

40. rcluarero 5, to, idc. ireeobertes 8. iregfftcr 8. Crcafoti 27, 50, 52, idc. rctftnefles.

€ffteatg.

1. Where the Justices shall deliver their Eflreats, St. Wejim. I. 3 Edi. C 43.

2. Shall be made of the Value of the Cattle found in a Secunda fuperoneratione, and sent into the Exchequer, St. Wejim. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 8.

3. How the Justices shall make their Eflreats, 27 Ed. 1 .Ji. 1. C 2.

4. The Manner in which the Eflreats of the Chancery shall be entered. Statute of Eflreats, 16 Ed. 2.

5. How other Courts shall send their Eflreats, ibid.

6. No Customer shall be Deputy to the Butler, while he is Attendant upon the Custom, 16 Ed. 2.

7. One charged by Eflreats with Felons Goods, idc. may charge another, 3t Edo, .Ji. t. C 3.

8. Eflreats shall be showed to the Party indebted, and what is paid

shall be totted, 42 Ed. 3. r. 9. ' •

9. How Eflreats shall be made by Justices of the Peace, 14 R. 2. e. 1 r.

10. The Cause of the Forfeiture shall be set forth in the Eflreats,

-■ 7 H. 4. C 3.

11. Justices of Peace shall review the Sheriffs Eflreats, and indent them, 1 Ed. 4. C 2. ti H, 7. C 15.

12.. Fines and Forfeitures to be eflrcated twice in the Year, zz id 23 Car, 2. C 2?. Made perpetual, 4 W. id Mi, C 24, § 4.

13. The Oath to be given on the Return of efb.eats, 4 if C W. id M. C 24. §;.

>4. The Barons may amerce Clerks of Assise, id(. for not returning Eflreats, 3 Geo, 1. C 15. ^ 12.

far ofhpr Matters, see jjldnieafurcmctu, ids. 4, Cj: cl}e=

(ejtljamfijut anti Cuinal.

1. Process how to issue against Persons of the Franchises of ex hainjbire. See. committing Murder, idc. 2 FI, 5. Jij. C 3, 9 h.j, .ft. 1. C

2. Exham and Exhamfkire shall be within Northumberland, 14 El, C 13.

c.tccpticmis

If the Justices refuse to allow an Exception, they shall scala Bill of it at the party's Requdl, St. Wejim. 2. 13 Edt. r. 31.

See jfittc!}.

ctt&anije.

1. Exchanges shall be kept at Dover, and where the King pleases,

9 Edp, .JI, 2. C 7, 18 Ed. Jl. 2, C 6, 9 H. $.ji. 2. C 2.

2. Keeping Exchanges prohibited, 25 Ed. 3. Ji. 5. C 12. 3 H.

7. C 6.

3. Chancellor to send Eflreats of Writs of Exchange into the Exchequer, 11 H. 4. C 8.

4. The Mailer of the Mint at the Tower permitted to keep the king's Exchange in London, 1 H, 6. C 4.

3. The Penalty of taking any Premium for exchanging Money, 5 id 6 Ed. 6. C 19.

For other Matters, see ©jll5 of tcjdjatlflc, jjrittj fxults, £9otteb,

Crcfjcquet* nnn fcljequer 'Bins,

1. The Order of accounting there, St. de So ccario, 31 H, 3. Jij.

2. The King shall assign three Surveyors to extend (he Escheats, 5i H. i jl. 5. \ 4.

3. Col

<£tc(jequee»

3. Collector of the Customs when to account, 51 H. 3. ft. 5.

§6.

4.. The Officers restrained as to appointing Depaties, St. de Scac, 51 H. 3./. 5.57^ 8.

5. Eftreats of Fines and Amerciaments hall be delivered into the

Exchequer every Year, 51 H. 3. ft.;. § 10. 22 IA 23 Car. 2.

C 2 2.

6. The Summons of the Exchequer lliall be shown gratis, St. Weftm. I. 3 Ed. 1. C 19.

7. Directions for writing the Rolls of Sheriffs Accounts, St. Ruth 10 Ed, 1.

8. Writs of Seamda fuperoneratione and Re diffeifin shall be in rolled, and a Transcript sent into the Exchequer, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 8.

9. One Baron and one Clerk to be sent into every County once a Year, to inroll the Payment of Debts, 27 Ed. 1. ft. 1. C 2.

10. Common Pleas shall not beheld in the Exchequer, Art. super Cart. 2%'ed. l.ft. 3. C 4,

It. The king's Clerks employed in the Exchequer shall not be compelled to Residence, Art. Cler. 9 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 8.

12. Julticesof Assise, lac. shall send their Records to the Exchequer every Year, 9 Edict. 1, C 5.

13. The Duty of the Barons, 20 Ed. 3. C 2.

14. A Clerk of the Remembrance shall sit above the Clerk of the Pipe to imbreviate the Discharges of the king's Debtors, 37 Ed. 3. C 4.

15. Penalty on Clerks of the Exchequer making out Process for a Debt paid, 1 R. 2. C 5,

16. The Barons shall admit any one to plead in Discharge without Privy Seal, 5 R. 2. ft. 1. C 10.

17. The Covenants of Persons retained in the king's Service, shall be sent into the Exchequer in order to the allowing their

- Accounts, s R. 2. ft. 1. C 11.

18. Accounts in the Exchequer shall be more speedily determined,

■ 5 R. 2. ft. 1. C 12.

19. Two Clerks lliall be assigned to make Parcels of Accounts, 5 R, 2, ft. 1. C 13.

20. Accounts of nicbi!lhall be put out, 5 R. 2. ft. 1. C 14.

21. The Clerk of the Pipe and the Remembrancers shall every Term execute all Privy Seals of Discharge, and transmit Schedules of the Discharges to each other, 5 R. 2. ft. 1. C 15.

22. On a Judgement of Livery certified the Remembrancer shall endorse a Discharge on the Mittimus, 3 R, 2. ft. 1. C ]6.

23. The Fees of the Clerks for Commissions and Nift prius, 5 R.

2. ft. 1. C ip.

24. No Bond shall be taken for the king's Debt in double the Sum, 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 14.

25. Commissions to inquire into Accounts passed in the Exchequer, 6 H. 4. C 3.

26. How Rolls of Eftreats are to be made, 7 H. 4. C 3.

27. Certain Fees limited and Extortions prohibited, 33 II 6.

■ C 3.

18. Penalty on Officers of the Exchequer refufinglnquifitions returnable there, 1 H. 8. C 8. § 4.

29. The Authorities of the Court of Augmentations, (3c. which. have since been united to the Exchequer, 33 H. 8. C 39. §

56, Sec.

30. The Duty and Sees of the Auditors and Receivers, 33 H. 8. C 39. § 67, C '

Confirmation of certain Orders for the limiting of Fees and regulating theiffuingof Process, 1 Jo. t. C 26.

32. Suits on the Aft of Navigation may be prosecuted in the Exchequer, 13 ta 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 28.

33. No Writ of Delivery shall be granted out of the Exchequer. without Security, 13 IA 14 Car, 2. C 11. § 30.

34. All Seifures and Inquisitions returned to be certified to the Ingroifer of the Great Roll before the first Day of the next Term, iac, 13^14 Car. 2. C 21. §4.

35. For aligning of Orders, 19 Car. 7. C 12.

36. Penalty on not paying Money into the Exchequer in due Time, 20 Car. 2. C 2. IA 10 W. 3. C 44. §42.

37. Rules for paying certain Moneys into the Exchequer, 1 W. IA m.ft. C 1.

38. Regulations for receiving and paying Money at the Exchequer, 8^9 IV 3. C 28.

39. The Duty of the Tellers, Auditors, and of the Talley office regulated, 8 Cf 9 W. 3. C 28. 10 Cf 1 r IV 3. C 22. § 14.

40. Penalty on Officers of the Exchequer not keeping an Account of all Moneys appropriated to the Bank, 8 ia 9 W. 3. C

20. § 37-_

41. New Bilk may be mads forth at the Exchequer, in Lieu of those filled up with Indorfements, 9 W. 3. C 3. § 3.

42. Ellablilhment of the Exchequer in Scotland, 6 Ann. C 26.

43. Alteration of Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms for the Court" of Exchequer in Scotland, 7 Ann. C 15.

44. Earl of ranel'gb's Alignments declared good, 5 Gee. I. C 2»

§ 8.

45. For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3 Geo. 1. C 3.

46. Regulations for the indorfing of Orders, 9 Geo. 1. C 12.

47. Officers indemnified for Money llolen out of the Exchequer, 2 Geo. 2. C 6.

48. The Aft that Proceedings shall be entered in engli/h not to affect the Receipt of Exchequer, 6 Geo. 2. C 6.

49. A Million charged on Duties on Licences, iac. 16 Geo. 2. C 12.

50. Fees on Nift priut Records issuing out of Exchequer, 23 Gee, 2. C 26. § 10.

51. Clauses in the land-tax Aft relating to Exchequer Bills extended to the Malt tax Aft, 30 Geo. 2. C 4. § 34.

52. Statutes for circulating Exchequer Bills, 5 Ann. C 13. 6 Anne.

32. 12 Ann. ft. 1. C 11. 6 Geo, 1. C 2. § 8. 6 Geo. I.

C 4. § 69, C sged.i.c.20. iigco. i, C iy. 12 Geo. 1. C 2. § 29. & C 4. 13 Geo. 1. C 7. § 15. 3 Geo. 2. C 16.

30 Geo. 2. C 5. § 166.

53. And for Payment of those lost, 7 Geo. 1. ft. 1. C 20. § 33.

8 Geo. I. C 2. § 34. 11 Geo. I. C 8. § 23. 12 Geo. I. C 2,.

§ 29. 12 Geo. 1. C 4. § 65. 13 Geo. I. C 7. § 36. 14 Geo*

2. C 41. $ 16. 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 174. 2 Geo. 3. C 9.

54. Two Millions to be raised by Exchequer Bills, 33 Geo. 2. C 1. 5;. Loans to be taken at Exchequer for a Million, 33 Geo. 2.

C 18...

56. Loan for making the Deficiences of the Year 1.760, 33 Geo, 2. C 21.

57. Loan for 1, 500, 000/. 33 Geo. 2. C 23-

58. Loan for 1, 762, 400/. 1 Geo. 3. C 18.

59. Loan for 1, 000, 000/. out of next Supplies, or sinking Fund, 1 Geo. 3. C 19.

60. Loan for 1, 500, 000/. for discharging Navy Debt, 1 Geo. 3, C 20.

61. Loan for 1, 500, 000 /. for discharging Navy, 2 Geo. 3. C 7-

62. Loan for 1, 009, 217/. 2j. 8d. 2q. 2 Geo. 3. C 33.

63. Loan for 1, 000, 000/. out of next Supplies or sinking Fund,

2 Geo. 3, C 34.

64. Loan for 1, 800, 000/. out of next Supplies or sinking Fund,

3 Geo. 3, C 17,

65. Tallies of Loan to be struck for 2, 000, 000/. issuing qut of sinking Fund, 3 Geo. 3. C 18.

66. Provisions for the more easy Discharge of Recognizances eftreated into the Exchequer, 4 Geo. 3. C 10.

67. Loan of 2, 000, 000/. for 1764, 4 Geo. 3, e. 13.

68. Treasury empowered to issue Exchequer bills for 800, 000/. to be paid out of first Supplies, or out of sinking Fund, 4 Geo. 3‘ C 23.

lor other Matters, see sccollht, tac. 9. 3jtttul(tfssj libntife, Cljancerg 3. coos, caftyjnura Company 21. r ro? 7, 9, 14, 20. Cftrents, dgjrecutton 16. #ciotffe» tottljout Clergp, j'unbs, Jrelamq isecufauts 14.

c.rctff,

€*cite.

a. On Beer and Ale, C granted to the King for Life, 12 Car. 2. e. 23.

2. Continued for the Life of his present Majesty, 1 Geo. 3./. 1. e. I.

3. Brewers to make their Entries once a Month, 12 Car. z.c. 23.

§ i

4. thirty-six Gallons to be reckoned a Barrel of Beer, and thirty-two Gallons a Earrel of Ale, 12 Car. 2. C 23. § 8.

5. Duties on foreign Liquors to be paid by the Importer, 12 Car.

2. C 23. § 14, 13 Car. 2. C II § 17. 22 (ft 23 Car. 2.

£• 5- § 9-

6. Oaths of Officers of Excise, 12 Car. 2. C 23. § 33.

7. The hereditary Excise granted, 12 Car. 2. C 24. § 13, (ftc.

S. Brewers must give Notice of their brewing Vessels, 15 Car. 2. C 11.

9. The Commissioners shall not take the Excise to farm, 15 Car. z.c. 11. § 2.

10. Excise Offices to be kept in the Market towns, 15 Car. 2. C 11. § 10.

11. Hours for carrying out Beer, 15 Car. 2. C 11. § 11.

12. ' Brewers shall not mingle llrong Worts with small, 15 Car. 2.

C 11. § 12. 22 y 23 Car. 2. C 3. § 11.

1.3. The Penalty of bribing an Exciseman, 15 Car. 2. C 1 J. §16.'

14. Directions for the Landing exciseable Liquors imported, 15 Car. 2. C ti. § 17.

15. Where Appellant to have Cods, 15 Car. z.c. n. § 19.

16. Exemption of Colleges in Uhiverfitics, 15 Car. 2. C u.

§ zi.

17. Powers of Commissioners given to the Farmers, 16 (ft 17 Car.

z c■ 4;.

18. Additional Excises now expired, 22 y 23 Car. 2. C 5. 29

Car. 2. C 2. 1 tv. y M. C 24. 2 IV ft m. ft. 2. C 3. (ft

CIO. iw.&m.c. 1. 5 IF. y m. r. 7. 7ys/f, .3.

r. 30.

*9. Allowance for Waste, 22 y 23 Car. 2. r. 5. § 3.

20. Jufticesor Commissioners may mitigate Fines, 22 y 23 Car.

2. C 5. § 8. •

21. Lending the Use of a Brewhouse prohibited, 22 y 23 Car. 2. r. 5. § 10.

22. Retailer of Ale not to mix strong and small Eeer together, after the Gauge is taken, 22 y 23 Car. 2. C 5. § n. 7 AT. 3.

e. 30.

23. Certiorari's not to be allowed on Proceedings on the Excise Law, 22 y 23 Car. 2. C 5. §• 14.

24. In the Country thirty-four Gallons to be reckoned a Barrel of Beer or Ale, 1 IV y M. ft. 1. C 24. § 5.

25. Brewer not discharged of mif entry. nnlefs he Show the Beer, t w. y m. ft. 1. C 24. § 10.

26. Penalty 011 Officers taking Fees, 1 IV y M.' ft. 1. C 24.

27. Informations against Brewers to be exhibited within three Months, 1 IV y M. C 24. § 16. e8. The Excise granted to King William and Queen Mary, 2 IV

y m. C 3.

29. Additional Excises granted, 4 W. y "M. C 3. 5 W. y M.

C 20. § 10. 4 Ann. C 6. § 6.

30. Thelc Duties are made perpetual, and the Surplus appropriated to Aggregate Fund, 1 Geo. 1. C 12.

31. The Duties granted by 4 Ann. C 6. are charged with Annuities. And by 6 Geo. L e. 4. South sea Company are empowered to purchase Annuities.

32. Notes of Gauges to be left with the Brewer, 5 IV (ft M, C

20. \ 49. 7 y 8 IV 3. C 30. § 46.'

33. Powers and Directions for preventing the Concealment of Liquors subject to Excise, 7 y 8 IV 3. C 30.

34. Commissioners or Justices may summon Witnefies, y 8 IV

3. C 39. § 24.

cccite*

33. Officers may break open Brewhouses to search for private Tonnes, (ftc. 7 y 8 IV 3. C 30. § 27.

36. Inferior Officers to continue though Commissioners die, 7 y 8 IV 3. C 30. §. 30.

3 7. Brewers to make Declaration of Party Guiles, 8 (ft 9 IV C 19.

3s. Penalties on concealed Vessels, 8 y 9 W. 3 19. § 4.

39. The Duties on Vinegar and Low Wines lessened, 10 (ft ij IV 3. r. 2 1.

40. Informations to be brought within three Months, 12 IV 3. r. n. § 17.

41. The weekly Sum of 3700/. to be paid out of the Excise Revenue as a Fund, 12 (ft 13 IV 3. C 12.

42. This weekly charge made perpetual by 1 Geo. i.ft. 1, C i; and the Annuities granted upon it subscribed into the south-sea Fund, 6 G, o. 1. C 4.

■43. The Excise charged with 3 Cent, on the banker's Debt; 12 IV 3. C 12. § 15.

44. Great Part of this Debt was subscribed for Annuities upon the general fund, pursuant to 3 Geo. 1. C 7.

47. Additional Excise granted, 8 Ann. C 7.

46. The Dftties laid by 8 Ann. C 7, made perpetual by the south-sea A ft, 6 Geo. !•. r. 4.

47. Commissiorers and Officers to be sworn, 10 C 19. § 122; 10 Ann. C 26. § 73.

48. Certain Duties put under the Management of Commissioners of Excise, 12 Ann. fti 2. C 9. § 11.

49. Penalty of obflrudling Excise Officer, 6 Geo. i„c, 21, § 7.

50. Excise Officers may search Ships for Brandy and exciseable Liquors, 11 Geo. 1. C 30.

51. May by Warrant search Houses, 11 Gio. 1. C 30. § 2. •

52. Rules for taking out Permits, 11 Geo. 1, C 30. § 10.

53. Penalty on a Constable refufmg toalman Officer, .11 Geo, 1, r. 30. § 31.

54. Proof to be admitted of an officer's Authority without producing his Deputation, 11 Geo. t. C 3®. § 32.

55. Penalty on offering to corrupt an Officer, 11 Geo. 1. e. 30.

§ 40- '•

56. Directions for the Commissioners of Customs and Excise to proceed upon Seifures of tea, Coffee, and exciseable Liquors,

1 2 Get. 1. C 28.

37. Officers not subject to Penalty for not leaving a copy.of : their Charge tinlefs requeued in Writing, 12 Geo. ir; '28.

§ 30.

58. Right of Appeal confirmed, 1 Geo. 2. C 16. § 3.

39. Three Commissioners empowered to aft, 1 Geo. 2. C 16. §4, '

60. Powers granted to the Commissioners with respect to Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, 9 Geo. 2. C 23. § 4, Iftc.

61. The Duty on Sweets lessened, 10 Geo. 2. C 17,

62. Directions for preventing Frauds in Dealers in exciseable Goods, 18 Geo. 2. C 26. § 8.

63. Offenders in one Jurisdiction may be prosecuted in another,

18 Geo. 2. C 26. § 13.

64. Punishment of Persons going armed in Defiance of laws.of

Excise, 19 Geo. 2. C 34. r

65. Offences again!! Excise Laws and Moneys arising from Excise excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 32. § 28, 39.

66. Office Hours of Attendance altered, 23 Geo. 2. C 26. § 12.-

67. Summons left at offender's House to be deemed legal Notice, 32 Geo, 2. t. 17.

6s. Officers of Excise may seize forfeited veltels, 33 Geo. 2. C

9. ^ 16..

69. Additional Excise granted, 1 Geo. 3. C 7. § 1.

For other Matters, see the feaieral Sorts of (£*cot)fi«

And see farther, spnglcfea 3. Smtuittes, 3£rrefts 12. sibatl 19, 20. 115anfe 19, yv. ubeer, (ftc.

o^elnct, Cuttoms, idtoiller, dmklflturia Compaup, 3kcund4 ^atlimucut 40, (ftc. s>cotumt).

t -

cjrcoiid

communication;

€mutioiu

€*ectitoj&

(£i*commum'catioiu

1. Against Infringers of the Great Charter, Senlentia lata, (Ac. Yol. i. p. 20.

2. Persons excommunicate, not repleviable, 3 Ed. 1. C 15.

3. In what Case the king's Letter shall go to discharge an Excommunicate, 9 Ed. 2. Jl. 1. C 7..

4. The king's Tenant excommunicate shall not be privileged against the Writ De excom. cap. 9 Ed. 2. Jl. 1. C 12.

5. Excommunications for executing the Statute of Provifors, 2; ' Ed. 3. Jl. 6. prohibited, 13 R. 2. Jl. 2. C 3.

6. Excommunication no Plea against Plaintiff in Attaint, 23 f. 8. C 3- § 5-

7. The Writ of Excommunicato capiendo shall be returnable in the king's Bench, 5 El. C 23. § 2. except ia Wales and Counties Palatine, 5 El. C 23. § 11.

8. The Sheriffs to be amerced for a false Return, 5 El. C 23. § 2.

9. Penalties of not appearing to the Writs of Capias with Proclamation on an Excom. cap. ibid. § 4 s? 5.

10. Saving of bishop's Authority to absolve Person excommunicated, 5 El. C 23. § 10.

it. The Causes in which an Excommunicato capiendo may be awarded, ibid. § 13.

12. Void for want of Addition, unless for Heresy, ibid. § 13.

13. House may be broke open to takerecufant excommunicated,

3 Ja. 1. r. 4. § 35.

For other Matters, see 2fd5ttl0lt, hubettlcs 7. irccufaittc

24«

See Rivers.

execution

1. On a Statute Merchant, shall be against the Body, if the * Goods and Lands devifeable be not sufficient, St. de Merc. 11 Edi. y 13 Ed. \.ji. 3.

2. Execution may be sued by Fieri facias or Elegit, on a Judgement or Recognisance, St. wejlrn. 2. 13 Ed. 1. Jl. 1. C 18.

3. After a Year a Scire facias is necessary, 13 Ed. 1. Jl. I. C 45.

4. There may be Execution on a Statute Merchant once shown • C B. though the Process be discontinued, 5 EE. 4. C 12.

5. A new Execution shall go on the Eviftion'of Land extended, 32 EE. 8. C 8 Geo. t. C 25. § 4.

6. Or on the Discharge of a Prisoner by Privilege of Parliament, ija. L C 13.

7. Or on his dying in Execution, 21 Ja. 1. C 24.

8. Or on a Defect in the first Execution, 16 If 27 Car. 2. C 5.

'8 Geo, 1. C 23. § 4.

9. And in what Cases there shall be a Contribution, 16 fsf 17 Car. 2. C 5. Made perpetual, 22 (A 23 Car. 2. C 2.

10. Extent not avoided by Omission of Lands liable, 16 (A 17 Car. 2. C 3. § 2.

11. This Act not to give Extent or Contribution against any Heir within Age, 16 Esf 17 Car. 2. C 5. § 3.

12. Where it may be sued by an Administrator de bonis non, 17 Car. 2. C 8.

13. Where on Trust Lands, 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 10.

14. A Fieri facias binds the Property of Goods only from the Day that it is delivered to the Sheriff, 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 16.

15. Where it shall go against the Heir after an Alienation of, Lands defeended, 3 W. (A M. C 14. § 5, 6.

16. If Execution brought against Bank, Officers of Exchequer to pay the Money, and detain it out of the yearly Payment, 5 (A 6 W. (A M. C 20. § 32.

17. The Landlord must be paid before Execution executed, 8 Ann. C 14. § 1.

For other Matters, see sdcbt to tf)c lit tig, tffrtoi 12. l^cfr 2. 31mpjtfoitttient 3. parliament 28, (Ac. irc* coguifanccs, Ificcotocvtes 4. Iftcnt s, (Ac.

Vol. IX T A E.

1. Shall have the Goods of thedeceafed, saving, (Ac. M. C 9 Ed. 3. C 18.

2. May have an Action of Account, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. L Jl. I. C 23.

3. May bring an Action de bonis afportatis in vita tefatoris, 4 Ed. 3. C 7.

4. Shall have but one Effoin, and they that appear to the Distress shall answer, ged. t,. ft. I. C 3.

5. Executors of Executors may sue or be sued in Right of the first Testator, 23 Ed. 3. Jl. 5. C 5.

6. Their Remedy against Servants imbezilling their testator's Goads, 33 h.6.c. 1.

7. Where part of them may sell Lands deviled to be sold, 21 IE. 8. C 4.

8. Executor of Incumbent how far liable for Tenths, 27 EE. 8.

C 8. § 4.

9. How they shall recover Rents of Inheritance, 32 EE. 8. C 37.

10. Persons fraudulently obtaining Goods, to be charged as Executor de fn tort. 43 El. C 8. § 2.

11. An Administrator de bonis non, may sue Execution on a Judgement obtained by an Executor, 17 Car. 2. C 8.

12. The Executors and Administrators of Executors in their own

Wrong made answerable, 30 Car. 2. C 7. Made perpetual, 4 (A 5 W. & M. C 24. _ '

13. Executors or Administrators of Executors or Administrators shall answer for wafting the Assets, 4 (A W. (A M. £ .'24. § 12.

14. Annuities to be deemed personal Estates, and go to Executors, 2 Ann. C 3. § 21. r2 Geo. I. C 2. § 22.

For other Flatters, see 3cc0uitt atu slccoulttaiu 6, 12. Accounts 5. kt>nifniftrato; s 5, 10, 16, (Ac. coftg 21. ©rroj 13. ^rclonp 29. ^rrauds 10. jidetttitate jjioinf* 1115 2. irecufants 30. isent 1, (Ac. iaicttoants 3.

(evempff&cattoiu

1. Exemplifications of Deeds destroyed by Rebels, in the Reign

of R. 2. made of the same Force as the Deeds themselves, 5 R. 2.JI. 1. C 9. 6 R. 2. Jl. 1 C 4.

2. Where Judgement shall not be reversed for Error in Record contrary to Exemplification, 8 H. 6. C 12. § 4.

3. Fines and Recoveries how exemplified in Wales, and the Counties Palatine, 27 EL C 9.

For other Matters, see patclltg.

Coemption /.

what Case those that have Charters of Exemption are compellable to be sworn on Juries, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 14.

For other Matters, see

€mer.

1. The Corporation of Merchant Adventurers there, not prejudiced by 3 Ja. 1. r. J 1. C 9.

2. Its Neighbouring Gaol and Workhouse provided for, ig Car, 2. £.4. §4, 5.

3. The Queen enabled to grant the Site of the Castle of Exon for ninety-nine Years, for the Benefit of the County of Devon, 9 Ann. C 19.

4. Taxes assessed on the Waterworks at Exon are chargeable on the Persons collefling them, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 94.

For the Regulation of Silver in Exeter, see Hipjtftol, drold,

attoow

©jefffenti.

Process of Exigend given in Ravishment of Ward, St. jerejlm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 33.

Sir other Matters, see ^putlaljj

|

I

ejrile.

€, tto?t(oin

fairs anti f^arfcets.

Cede.

No Freeman to be exiled but by lawful Judgement of his Peers; or by the Law of the Land, 9 77. 3. C 29.

ejcpojtatioit,

1. Three Years from the Time of Importation of Goods allowed for their Exportation, 7 Geo. 1. ft. t. C zi. § 10.

2. For the Exportation of Goods from or to the Iste of Man, Ireland, or the Plantations, or other Countries, see the reflective Countries.

3. For Exportation of Com, Wool, Money, dc. see the reflective Commodities.

<&rtenta (gtanetff, \ed. i.ji.i,

Cjteitt* See Execution.

Crtojtiou,

1. The king's Officers shall not take Hire for doing their of ces, on Pain of double Damages, £37. St. iveftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 26.

2. The Justices Clerks, dc. to pay treble Damages, st.weftm. 1. C 27. £3 C 30.

3. Punishment of Officers of the Courts taking more than their Sees, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 44.

4. Indictments of Ordinaries or their Ministers for Extortion or Oppression shall set forth the satin certain, 25 Ed. 3. ft. 3. C 9.

5. Extortion in Probate of Wills examinable by the Judges, 31 Ed. 3./. t. C 4.

6. Extortion in Sheriffs to be puniffied at the king's Will, 1 H. 4, C I L

7. Penalty of Officers of the Culloms distraining Ships or Goods wrongfully, 28 H. 6. C 5-

8. Informations for Extortion may be laid in any County, 31 El.

5* § 4*

9. Penalty on Sheriffs taking Fees for levying the king's Debts,

3 Geo. 1. C 15. § 13.

For other Matters, see cojottets 16. cuftotlts, ccclecl afttcal persons, rdc. pjobatc, ireferencc,

€\nt

1. Justices shall not amerce Townffiips if enough come, 52 H. 3. C 24.

2. The common Fine and Amerciament of the County shall be assessed before the Justices, St. Westm. 1. 3 Edt. C 18.

3. At what .Time Northeast recipiatur shall be before Justices in Eyre, St. iveftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 10.

4. Persons may make a General Attorney to appear in the Eyre, St. Weftm. 2.13 Ed. 1. C 10.

5. The Oaths of the Officers and Jurors in the Eyre, Interftatuta incerti temp. — Justices in Eyre to inquire of undue Delivery of. Felons, Inter flat, incert, temp.

6. Justices in Eyre can be made by none but the King, 27 H. 8. C 24* §

7. Matters inquirable in the Eyre, Inter stat. incert. temp.

F.

fftstog, See Bankrupts 38. Broker, Cattle 26.

fairs ann Markets

3, Not to be kept in church yaids, 13 Edi, ft. 2. C 6.

3

jtalfe j!3euis,

2. Fairs to be held no longer thatl the Time proclaimed, 2 Ed, 3. r. 15.

3. Penalty on selling Wares after the Fair is ended, 5 Ed. 3. C 5.

4. What Contracts are triable by Courts of Pipovuder, 17 Ed. 4, C 2.

5. Not to be prejudicial to thebiffiop of Durham, ibid. Made perpetual by 1 R. 3. C 6.

6. Oath must be made that the Cause of Action arose within the Fair, ibid.

7. Days on which Fairs, £37. are not to be kept, 27 H. 6. C

8. Penalties on Persons living in the Country, £37. and selling Wares in a Market town, except in open Fair, though they have a Licence to sell as Hawkers, £37. 1 d 2 P. d M. cp.

9 d 10 IV 3. C 27. % 15.

9. Saving of the Rights of the Universities, 1 d 2 P. d M. C 7.

§6.

10. The Place for holding a Horse fair, and a toll taker, how to be appointed, z d 3 P. d M. C 7. § 2.

u. The Horses sold how to be booked and noted, 2 d 3. P. d M. C 7. § 2, 3.

12. What other Circumstances are required to change the Property

of a stolen Horse by a Sale in Fair or Market, z £3 3 P. d M. C 7. § 4, 5. 31 El. C 12.

13. How a Horse so stolen may be redeemed, 31 El. C 12. § 4.

14. A Sale in a Fair or Market is not within the Restraint of 8 £3 9 W. 3. concerning Hawkers and Pedlars, 8 £3 9 W. 3. C 25.

15. Btilingfgate a Free Fist market, 10 £3 11 W. 3. C 24.

16. How the land-tax is to be collected on Fairs, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. §'23.

For other Matters, see. 3hej)0ufes 3, 12- isuiittgfgate,

2l5lactttoeu=!|au, Calendar z. ifatouers 4. iuatljer 7, 32, dc. Jlcmbon 24. oils, caoohftoefe, £aoj cefter,

false 3!«ti0ment.

1. Plea of false Judgement to be held by none but the King, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 19.

2. If the Record be wrong returned, the Variance may be averred, 1 Ed. 3./. 1. C 4.

false Betas

1. Slanderous to the King, dc. to be puniffied by Imprisonment,

dc. St. Weftm. i. 3 Edi. C 34. 1 £3 z P. d M. C 3. 1 EL

C 6. Or slanderous to Great Men, 2 R. 2. C 5. 12 R. 2.

C 11.

2. False Prophecies made Felony, 33 H', 8. C 14. Puniffied by

pecuniary Penalties, 3 4 Ed. 6. C 15. By Imprisonment,

5 El. C 15. 23 EL C 2.

For other Matters, see jalcansalulu £$agtiatutn,

false suffpfacm. See Suggestion -

cofteits* See Cheats.

f alfifplng Eecofoerles*

Where a Recovery against a Freeholder may be falftfied by a Tenant for Years, or a Person having or being entitled to have Lands in Execution, St. Gleuc. 6 Ed. i.ft.i.c.u. 21 H. 2. C 15.

farmers of erclfe.

Their Authority, 16 £3 17 Car. 2. C 4.

farmers anti farms,

t. Farmers not to do Waftest. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 23.

2. No Man shall have more than twofarms, 25. II 8. C 13. § 14. 32 H. 8. C 28. § 4. • -

3. Farmers,

fees;

felons an fclouj?.

3. Farmers, Graziers, e. not to be deemed Bankrupts, 5 Geo, 2. C 30. § 40.

For Farmers in Norfolk and Suffolk, see j]30}foltt and Suffolk.

And see farther, ccclcflilftlcal jsctfottsj c2ttgl)t {JM Of) I.

ifaft anti jfcaft jdnp& See Holy Days. jfautcoiu See Hawks.

sfeattp*

The Manner of doing it. Modus fadenii, lac. 17 Ed. 2. ft. 2.

see -- farms ann jfee*f arm Bents.

t. fee-farm Rents vetted in Trustees to be sold, 22 Car. 2. C 6. 22 y 23 Car. 2. C 24.

2. Purchasers enabled to distrain, tfic. 22 Car. 2. C 6. § 8.

3. Rents not paid for forty Years part not to be conveyed, 22 Car. 2. C 6. § 9.

4. Corporations may purchase said Rents, notwithstanding Statutes of Mortmain, 22 Car. 2. C 6. § 10.

5. Rents in Wales excepted, 22 Car. 2. C 6. § 11.

6. Tenant in Tail not to bar Remainder in Trustees, 22 23

Car. 2. C 24. § 6.

7. fee-farm Rents may be described in pleading, in the same Manner as in the Conveyance from the Trustees, 10 Ann. C 18. § 4.

8. fee-farm Rents, how taxable, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 5. '

■9. What fee-farm Rents are entitled to an Allowance of four Shillings in the Pound, and what the Penalty for refufmg to make such Allowance, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 27,

3fcc0.

1. Of the Marshal and Chamberlain on doing Homage and receiving Knighthood, St. Wefim, 2. 13 Edi. C 42.

2. Of the Porters and Vergers of the Judgesof the Cyrograpbers and Clerks, St. Wefm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 44.

3. On the taking of Statutes Merchant, St. de Mercator. 13 Ed. 1, /• 3-

4. Of a Bill of Grace in Ireland, Ordin. fro fiat. Hibern. 17 Ed.

1. C 4.

5. Of the Marshal there, ibid. C 5.

6. No See to be taken for a Report upon a Reference from any Court, 1 Ja. 1, C 10.

7. Damage Clere taken away, 17 Car. 2. C 6.

8. Certain Fees of Sheriffs settled, 3 Geo. 1. C 13. § 16, Ifc.

g. Fees on Nisi prius Records out of the Exchequer to be the same as on other Records, 23 Geo. 2. C 26. 5 10.

10. Fees of Justices Clerks to be regulated, 26 Geo. 2. C 14. 27 Geo. 2. C 16. § 4.

For other Matters, fie (ebnitccvp io, 26. cutfe Of tf)c

Croton 1. Clerk of the Signet, Customs, chequer 27, Cytojtton, jfclonpzi. fiines 26, C 31u0iccs of $5cacc 48. lubourers 27. jffiftarflfal, tic. 6. Rotate of Mills 2.

felons anti felony.

1. The Year and Day belong to the King, except in Gloueefier shire. and Kent, M. C g H. 3. C 22. j7 Ed. 2. C x6.

2. Felons standing mute shall be put to strong and hard imprisonment, 3 Ed. 1. C 12.

3. The Goods of Felons and Fugitives ought to be inventoried and enrolled by the Coroner, Artie. Exon. \ 4 Ed. 1.

4. Breaking Prison Felony, only where the Prisoner was in custody for a Felony, 1 Ed. 2. fi. 2.

5. Writs to take Felons faall be directed to all the Counties,

5 Ed, 3. 11.

6. Felons Goods and Lands shall not be seized before Conviction, St. de catall.felon, incerti femp. 1 Vol. 189. ] R. 3. C 3. His Chattels shall be forfeit on the Return of a Non eft inventus, 25 Ed. fi. 5. r. 14.

7. Process against Felons, ibid.

8. One charged in the Exchequer with Felons Goods may charge another over, 31 Ed. 3. fi. 1. C 3.

9. Justices of the king's Bench may remand Felons into their proper Counties, 6 H. 8, C 6.

10. Stolen Goods shall be reitored npon the Attainder of the Felon, 21 H.S. C 11.

11. How foreign Pleas pleaded by Felons shall be tried, 22 H. 3.

C 2. Gf C 14. 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 11.

12. No Forfeiture for killing a Man attempting to commit Murder or Robbery, 24 H„ 8. C 5.

13. The Clerk of the Assise, Ific. shall certify the Names of the Felons convict into the king's Bench, 34 Gf 35 H, 8. C 14.

14. Repeal of all Felonies madefince 1 H. 8. 1 Ed. 6. C 12, §4.

1 M. fi. 1. C 1.

15= All Felonies and Offences of Premunire since 1 U. 8. repealed, i m.ft. 1. C 5.

16. Persons indicted of Felony in imbezilling Stores may make Defence by Witncffes, 31 El. C 4.

17. Apprehenders of Burglars and Shoplifters to have a Certificate to discharge them from Parish offices, 10 Lf 11 W. 3. C 23. § 2.

18. Farther entitled 1040/. Reward on tendering Certificate of Convittion,; Ann. C 31.

19. Burglars and Shoplifters discovering their Accomplice, rv. to be pardoned, 10 Gf 11 W. 3. C 23. $ 5.

20. Felons to be burnt in the Cheek, 10 IA 11 W. 3. C 23. § 6. Repealed 5 Ann. C 6.

21. See for drawing a Bill of Indictment settled at two Shillings io Sf 11 W. 3. C 23. § 7.

22. Offences committed at Sea may be tried as directed by com mission, and Person standing mute, CSV. to suffer Death, 1 Ann, fi. 2. cg. §. 5.

23. Felons may be burnt in the Hand, and committed to hard Labour, 5 Ann. C 6.

24. Felon discovering and convifting two Accomplices, entitled to a Pardon, SV;; C 31. § 4.

25. Receivers of stolen Goods made Accessary, 5 Ann. C 31. § G

26. Judge to settle the Rights and Shares of Persons entitled to Certificates, 5 Ann. C 31. § 7.

27. Entitled to the same Certificate as for apprehending Highwaymen, 6 Geo. 1. C 23. § 9.

28. Proclamation for Offenders to surrender to be printed in Gazette, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § 4.

29. Justices to give Certificate to Persons wounded, or to Executors of Persons killed in apprehending Felons, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § 12.

30. Returning from Transportation excluded Clergy, 23 Geo. 2. C 10.

31. The Court may order the Expense of prosecuting a Felon to be paid by the Treasurer of the County, 2; Geo. 2. C 36. Ti. and the Expense of the Attendance of poor Witneflbs, 27; Geo. 2. r. 3. § 3.

32. Buying or receiving Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Metal or Solder, knowing it to be stolen, to be punished by transportation, 29 Geo. 2. C 30. Penalties on having those Materials without being able to account for them, 29 Geo. 2. C 30. § 6.

irclcmi£0 tmtfnn Cletgy*

f 1. Imbezilling it, 31 El. C 4. See Felonies ( 'without Clergy.

f 2. Assaulting Persons with Intent to tear or spoil < their Clothes, 6 Gio, 1. C 23. § 11. See rob i bery,

I 2 3, Destroying

Armour.

ajfiault,

ifelontaj tuftfjfn Clct*0^

sfelonfc^f foftfmt Clergy:

Bridge,

Bail.

Bigamy. Black Lead.

Burning,

Cattle,

Cloth,

Corn.

Council,

, Copper.

Dikes. Escape.

Fijh.

Floodgate, Foreign State

Forgery,

Gaoler.

Hawk.

Hunting,

Iron Bars. King.

ialourers.

Leads,

■3. Destroying London Bridge, 29 Geo. 2. C 4©* § 6, See Felonies without Clergy.

Or Walton Bridge, zo Geo. 2. C 22.

Or Hampton Court Bridge, z3 Geo. 2. C 37.

§ iz.

Or Riblle Bridge, z4 Geo. 2. C 36. § 34.

Or Sandwich Bridge, z8 Geo. 2. C 55.

8, Or Wye Bridge, zg Geo. 2. C 73. g. Or Black Friars Bridge, z9 Geo. 2. C 86.

10. Or Jeremy Ferry's Bridge, 30 Geo. 2. C 59.

11. Or Old Brentford Bridge, 30 Geo. 2. C 63. § 19. 31 Geo. 2. C 46.

12. Or Brent Bridge, 31 Geo, 2. C 59. f 13. Perforating Bail before Commissioners in > the Country, 4 W. if M. C 4. § 4. See fe L Ionics without Clergy.

See Poligamy.

See Lead.

14. Frames of Timber, 37 H. S. C 6. § 2. Repealed by 1 Ed. 6. C 12, 1 m.frjf. 1. C 1.

Stacks of Corn, Houses, ifc. in the Nightie time, zz if 23 Car. 2. C 7. § 2. See Felonies without Clergy.

J 16. Killing them in the Night, ifc. 22 if 23 { Car. 2. C 7. § 2. See Felonies without Clergy. C 17. Stealing it, or Wool, left to dry, off the < Tenters, ifc. the third Offence, 15 Geo. 2. I C 27. See Felonies without Clergy.

C 18. Destroying Granaries, the second Offence, ■5 II Geo. 2. C zz. See Felonies without Clergy. ( And see Burning, ante.

See King.

See Money, Lead.

19. Running Goods five in Company armed, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. §6. See Felonies without Clergy. zo. Assembling armed to the Number of Three for running Goods, 9 Geo. 2. C 33. § 10. zi. Persons deemed Smugglers according to the Description of 9 Geo, 2. C 35. § 13.

22. Harbouring Offenders against the Laws of Customs, 19 Geo. 2. C 34. § 3. See Felonies without Clergy. t z3. Cutting them in Marih Land, zz H. 8. C X 11. z if 3 P. tff M. C 19.

See Prisoner.

I 24. Filling in another's Pond with Intent to \ steal, 31 H. 8. C 2.

See Locks.

J 25. Serving it without taking Oath of Allegi X ance, 3 Ja. 1. C 4. § 18. f 26. Of Bank Bills, 11 Geo, 1. C ^ Felonies

J 2i. Of Banknotes and Endorse C cw, e^out Cler' ments, ibid.

S z8. Forcing Prisoner to become Approver, 14 C Ed. 3. C 10.

zg. Stealing one, 37 Ed. 3. C 19.

( 30. In the Night or in Dilguife, f See Felonies J I H. 7. C 7. V without Cler

^31. Rescuing such Offenders, Cgy, Title. ' ibid. di Black Act.

{32. Stealing them, fixed to Buildings, 4 Geo. 2.

C 32. See Lead.

133. Conspiring or imagining to destroy him, or any of his Council, 3 H. y.c. 14. See fe t ionics without Clergy, Title Privy ccunje/jors. j 34. Confederacies of ivlafons to prevent the 1 Statutes of Labourers, 3 H. 6. C 1. f 35. Entering Mines of Black Lead with Intent j to steal, 2.5 Geo. 2. C 10. § 1,

Lead,

Locks.

Maiming.

Marriage.

Mariners,

Money,

Mutiny,

Palaces.

Prisoner,

Plague.

Poligamy.

Process.

Purveyors.

Rape.

Records.

Rescue.

Rogues.

Robbery.

Seamen,

Soldiers.

Servants,

36. Stealing it, fixed to Buildings, tygeo. 2. C 32,

37. Receivers of Lead so stolen, ibid. § 3.

38. Buying or receiving Lead, Iron, Copper, L ifc. .knowing it to be stolen, 29 Geo. 2. C 30. f 39. Persons guilty of demolishing them, or of J Sluicef or Floodgates, 1 Geo. f. 2. C 19. f 40. And after cutting out Tongues or putting

< out Eyes, 5 H. 4. C 5. See Felonies without t Clergy.

j 41. Solemnising it clandestinely, z6 Geo. 2. C X 33- § S. See Women.

See Mutiny, Seamen.

42. Transportation of Silver, or Importation of false Money, 17 Ed. 3. Not printed.

43. Multiplication of Gold or Silver, 5 H. 4. C 4. Repealed by 1 W. is M. f. 1. C 30.

■( 44. Coining or bringing in Gaily halfpence, Sulkins or Dodkins, 3 H. 5. C 1.

45. Payment of Blanks, 2 H. 6. C 9. Obf.

46. Blanching Copper, or putting off counterfeit Money, 8 if 9 W. 3. C 26. § 6.

47. In Mariners hindering Commanders from fighting, zz if 23 Car. 2. C 11. § 9.

48. Officers, ifc. destroying Ship, ibid. § iz. -( See Felonies without Clergy.

49. Officer or Soldier upon or beyond the Sea railing Mutiny, disobeying or refilling superior, 2 if 3 Ann. C zo. § 35.

J Entering into king's House with Intent to steal,

X 33 H 8. C 12. § 27.

r 50. Assisting one committed fortreafon or Fe

< (except Petty Larceny) to attempt an ( Escape, 16 Geo. z. C 31. See Gaoler.

f 51. Persons infected with it going Abroad, 1

t ' J i 31, $7-52. By 1 Ja. 1. C si,

(53. Opposing the Execution of it in any pre

< privileged Place, 9 Geo. 1. C 28.

(_ 11 Geo. I. C zz. See Felonies without Clergy.

c54. In some Cases by 28 Ed. 1 .ft, 3. C 2. •< N. B. Purveyance is taken away by 12 Car. C z. C 24.

C 35. By 13 Ed. 1. C 34. See Felonies without X Clergy,

56. Withdrawing them, 8 H. 6. C 12.

1-57. Rescuing the Body of Offender executed J for Murder from the Sheriff or Surgeons, 25 j Geo. z C 37: § 10. See Felonies without C Clergy, Hunting, Spirituous Liquors.

58. Incorrigible, breaking out or escaping from House of Correflion, or offending a second Time, 17 Geo. 2. C 5. § 9.

59. Adjudged to the Galleys, returning without

Licence, 39 El. C 4. 1 Ja. 1. cy if 25.

Repealed by iz ann.f. 2, C 23.

60. Stealing Furniture from Lodgings (if under 12d.) 3 W. if M. C 9. § J See Felonies without Clergy.

61. Assault with Intent to rob, 7 Geo, 2. C 21,

§ if

6z. Deserting, 5 El. C 5. § 27, See Felonies i without Clergy.

f 63. Deserting, 18 If. 6. C 19. § 2, See Felonies X without Clergy.

f 64. Taking their mailer's Goods at their Death, 33 H. 6. C I, q^ifinufe,

65. Allaulting, ifc. Mailer wool cumber or Weaver, iz Geo. 1. C 34. §6.

66. Imbezilling Goods delivered to them to the Value of 40/. z 1 H. 8. C 7. Perp. by 5 El.

C io.

Sfetonfeg foitljfm anti foltijout

felonies! tuitljottt cttetijp;

Servans'., Sheep.

Ships.

Sluices.

Smuggling,

Spirituous LI quart.

Stolen Goods.

. \

Stores. Treason. Turnpikes,

Watermen.

j

Women

Woods.

Wool.

f C ro. Apprentices under 18 excepted, 21 L H. 8. C 7. § z. ■ •

f 67. Exporting them alive, the second Offence,

{ 8 El. C 3. § z. See Felonies 'without Clergy.

I 68. Dellroying them, 22 & 23 Car. 2. C it.

< § 12. See Mutiny ante, and Felonies without

I Clergy ' •'<

See Locks.

See Customs. f 69. Rescuing Offenders against the Acts con

< ■ these Liquors, 11 Geor 2. C 26. § 2, t ' 24 Geo.2. e. 40. § 28.

{■70. Buyers or Receivers of them, 5 Ann. C 31.

\ §5. ■ >,

71. Taking Reward to help one to stolen Goods

(if he do not apprehend Offender) in some Cases, 4 Geo. 1. C 11. §4,

72. Imbezilling them to 20s. Value, 31 El. C 4.

73. Anonymous Accusation of hightreafon, 37 H. 8. C 10. Rep. 1 Ed. 6. C 12.

74. Dellroying them, 5 Geo. 2. C 33. scefe ■ ionics without Clergy,

75. Carrying greater Number of Passengers than allowed, if any Passenger be drowned, ro Geo. 2. C 3 1. § 9.

76. Taking them away, and marrying or defiling them, C having Lands or Goods, 3

. H. 7. C 2. See Felonies without Clergy,

77. Firing them, 1 Geo. i.jl.z. C 48.. § 48. See ' Felonies without Clergy.

78. Exportation of it, other than to the Staple at Calais. 18 H. 6. C 15,

79. Transporting of it out of England, Wales or Ireland, 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 18. Altered by 7 £5 8 W. 3. C 28. See Cloth, and Servants ante. 63..

felonies toltljout Clei'n^.

Acceffarjes.

1. Before the Fast in Petty Treason, Murder,

Burglary, Robbery in dw'elling houses, or in Churches, or in or near the Highway, House burning, or burning of Barns where there is Corn or Grain, 23 H. 8. C 1. 5 C

6 Ed. 6. C 9. 4 & 5 P. & M. C 4.

2. Before and after in horse llealing, 31 El. C 12. §5.

3. Before the Fast in Healing Women, having Lands or Goods or being Heirs Apparent, 39 El. C 9. § 2,

4. Before thefaft in Witchcraft, ija.i.c.iz. Repealed by 9 Geo. 2. C 5.

;. Before the Fast in procuring any Fine, Recovery, Deed enrolled, • Statute, Recognisance, Bail or Judgement to be acknowledged in the Name of another, 21 Ja. 1.026.-

6. Before the Fast in Maiming, 22 & 23 Car. 2. C t.

7. Before the Fast in Burglary, Shoplifting, ^.3^4 W. & M. C 9.

8. Before the Fast in Robberies in Shops, ware houses, coach houses or Stables, 10 y 11 W.^.C.ZT,.

9. Before the Fast in Piracy, in some Cases,

w (A 12 W, 3. C 7. 8 Geo. 1. C 24.

to. To forging any Deed, Will, Bond, Bill of Exchange, Note, Endorsement or Assignment of Bill or Note, or any Acquittance or Re

Armour.

Annuities.

Bail.

Bank..

iu. renu

f 17. Offici < bezillir

L §12-

Banks.

Bankrupt.

Bajlard. Bedford Level.

t 19. Ni

•2 exan I Efim

ceipt, 2 Geo. 2. C 25. Perpetual by 9 Geo.. 2. C 18.

1. To forging Bills of Exchange, accountable Receipts, Warrants, or Orders for Payment C f Money ordelivery of Goods, 7 Geo.2. C 22.

2. Eefore the Fast in Sheep healing, 1.4 Gen

Accessaries( *( C 6. And see 15 Geo. 2. C 34.

13. Before the Fast in Healing Cotton, (Ac from Bleaching Grounds, 18 Geo. 2. C 27.

14. Before the Fast in Thefts to 40 o. Value iti any Vessel or in any Wharf, 24 Geo. 2. C 45..

15. Before the Fast in defiroying London Bridge. 31 Geo. 2. C 20. § 6.

See Stores..

See Forgery.

16. Personating Bail, 21 ja.r.c. 26.

Officer or Servant of Bank secreting or Imbezilling any Note, C 15 Geo. 2-0.13

See Forgery, Robbery.

18: Defiroying them, 6 Geo. 2. C 37. § 5« perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. C 42.

Not surrendering, or not submitting to be examined, or concealing or imbezilling their Efintes, 5 Geo. 2. C 30;

20. Mother concealing the Death of a Eaflard.

Child, 23* Ja. t.c. 27. § 2.

See Fens.

'21. Hunting armed and disguised, and killing or Healing Deer, or robbing Warren, or Healing Fish out of any River, l3c. or any per fons unlawfully hunting in his majesty's so refis, eso or breaking down the Head of any Fish pond, or killing, tac. of Cattle, or cutting down Trees, or setting Fire to House, Barn or Wood, or hooting at any Person, or sending anonymous Letter, or signed with fictitious Name, demanding Money, lac. or rescuing such Offenders,. 9 Geo. 1. C 22. Perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. C 42.

22. Offenders committed or transported for entering Mines of Black Lead with Intent to Heal, escaping, or breaking Prison, or returning from Transportation, 25 Geo. 2. C JO. See Cumberland.

See Forgery, Robbery..

See Robbery.

Wilfully damaging London Bridge, 31 Geo..

Wefminster Bridge, 9

2 Geo. 1. C 36. § 3..

26. By 2; H. 8. C 6. 2 {s' 3 Ed. 6. C z9.

Revived by 5 El. C 17.

27. By 1 Ed. 6. C 12. 18 El. C 7. 12 Ann.

C 7.

28. Houses or Barns with Corn, 23 H. 8. C 1.

2; H. 8. C 3. 22 y 23 Car. 2. C 7.. 43

El. C 13. See Black Act, Coals, Fens.

See Black Lead, Perjury, Robbery see Black Aft, Sheep.

29. Challenging above 20, if the Indiflment be for such Offence for which the Offender, would have been excluded Clergy, if convict CD byverdift or Confession, 23 H. C 3.. a

y5 p. y m. C 4. y 4 w. y m. C 9.. ‘

Stealing it from the Rack or Tenters, 22

Cloth',.

Black At.

Black Lead.

Black Mail. Bonds.

Booths.

Bridges•

Buggery.

Burglary.

Burning.

breakingprfon.

Cattle.

Challenge of Ju

traniported for Healing Cloth, lac.. returning, 15 gvo 2, o 27-

Coals,

felonies tmtljout Cletis^

fftfonfes tuftfiout

Coals.

Corn. Council,

\

Cumber land. -(

Cujfoms

32. Firing Collieries, 10 Geo. z. C 32. Perpetual by 3 1 Geo. 2. C 42.

33. Persons transported for destroying Granaries returning, 1i Geo. 2. C 22. § 2. See Black ACI, Burning, Cumberland.

See Privy Counsellor(

( Forcibly carrying Subjects out of Cumberland, Northumberland, iveflmorland, and Durham, and taking or giving Black Mail, burning Corn, ifc. 43 El. C 13. § 2.

35. Notorious Thieves, or Spoil Takers in Nor

Ithumberland or Cumberland (or to be transported at Discretion of Judge) 18 Car. 2. L r. 3.

36. Persons liable to Transportation for Offences against the Customs, offending again, after having taken the Benefit of the indemnifying Act, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § 7. 18 Geo.

I 2. C 28. § 7.

13 7. Persons con vidled of woundingcustom house Officers returning from Transportation, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. §35. 9 Geo. z. C 35. § 28. See

L Smuggling.

See pick pocket.

38. Persons convicted of second Offence in Hunting and taking them away, or for coming armed into a Forest with Intent to steal them, 10 Geo. 2. C 3z. § 7. See Black Ad. 39. Acknowledging them in the Name of another, 21 Jac. I. C 26.

40. Remaining in the Realm one Month, 1 & 2 PM. C 4. § 3.

41. Associating with them for one Month, 5 El. C 20. § 3.

See Forgery, Robbery.

See Breaking Prison, Frifoner.

cul pure.

Deer.

Deeds enrolled.

Egyptians.

je. I. Bonds, kc.

Escape.

exchej.order, kz. See Forgery, Robbery. Pens.

S

{

1

Tines.

Fijh.

Forejls,

Forgeries.

5 42. Destroying, tfc. any of the Works in Bed 1 ford Level, 27 Geo. 2. C 19. Vide Marches.

f 43. Anknowledging them in the Name of an L other, zi Ja. 1. C 26. j See Black Act.

See Black Act. f 44. Of Deeds on second Conviction, 5 El. C »4*§7*

45. Of Teflimonial of Justices by Soldiers or Mariners, 39 El. C 17. § 3.

46: Of Deeds, Will, Bill of Exchange, Note, Endorsement, or Receipt, on first Conviction, z Geo. 2. C zip. § 1. — Perpetual by 9 Geo. 2. C 18. And see 31 Geo. 2. C 22. § 81.

47. Of Authorities to transfer Stock, or personating Proprietors, 8 Geof 1. C 22. ' Extended to Funds established since 8 Geo. 1. by 31 Geo. 2. C 22. § 80.

48. Of Order for Payment of Annuities, or ■< personating Proprietor 9 Geo. 1. C 12. § 4.

9 Geo. 2. C 34. § 8.

49. Of new Stamps or Receipts for Moneys payable on Indentures, % Ann. C 9. § 41.

50. Of the Hand of Accountant General, regi fier, .Clerk of the Report office, or any of the Cashiers of the Bank, 12 Geo. 1. C 32. § 9.

51. Of Eafi india Bonds, 12 Geo. I. C 32. §9.

52. Of south-sea Common Seal, Bonds, Receipts,

or Warrants for Dividends, 9 Ann. C 21. § 57. 6 Geo. 1. C 4. § 56. 6 Geo. 1.

C 11. § 50. j2 Geo. 1. C 32. § 9. And other subsequent Acts,

53. Of Mediterranean Pastes, 4 Geo. 2. C 18.

| 54. Of any Entry of Acknowledgement of Bargainor in Bargain and Sale in the'regiftry of York, the ijcond Offence, 8 Geo. 2. C 6. § 3k

55. Of Stamp for marking Gold and Silver, 31 Geo. 2. C 32. § 15.

56. Of Policies of Royal Exchange and London Assurances, 6geo. 1. C 18. § 13.

57. Of Debentures, 5 Geo. 1. C 14. § 10.

'58. Of'the Marks on Leather, 9 Ann. C II

§ 44. 5 Geo. 1. C 2. § 9.

59. Of the Marks on Linen, 10 Ann. C ig.

§ 97, 4 Geo. 3. C 37. § 26.

60. Of Register or Licence of Marriage, 26. Geo. C 33. § idt

Of the Common Seal of Bank, orofbank notes, 8fcf 9 iv.p. c.'20. § 36. 11 Geo. u

C 9. § 6. 15 Gio. C 13. § 11.

62. Of Exchequer Bills, fsc. j IV 3. r. 31.

Forgeries. § 78. 9 W. 3. C 2. § 3; 5 Ann. C 13. 3

Geo. I. C 8. § 40. 6 Geo. 1. C 4. § 91. 9 Geo. 1. C 5. § 19. II Geo. 1. C 17. § 6. pogeo. 2. C p). §156. 33 Geo. 2. C I. §

156.

63. Of Lottery Orders, 12 Ann. e. 2. 5 Geo,

1. C 3. And other subsequent Lottery Acts.

64. Of Stamps, 5 JF. y M. r. 21. § 11. 9 fsf

10 W. 3, r. 25. § 39. 9 C 23. § 34.

10 Ann, C 19. §115, 163, 1 o Ann. C 26.

§72. 5 GI. «. 2. § g. 6 1. r. zi,

§ 60. 29 Geo. 2. r. 12, § 21. 29 Geo. 2. C

13. § 5. $ogeo. 2. C 19; § 27. 32 Geo. 2.

C 35- § J 2 3- f 36. § 8.

65. Of the Hand of the. Receiver of the Prefines, 32 Geo. 2. C 14. § 9.

66. Of the Acceptance of Bills of Exchange, or accountable Receipts, 7 Geo. 2. C 22.

67. Of any Warrant, or Order for Payment of. Money or Delivery of Goods, 7 Geo. 2, C 22,

See Turnpikes. f 68. Stealing it from Bleaching Grounds, 4 Geo, \ z.c. 16. ] 8 Geo. 2. C 27,

See Breaking Prison.

69. In some Cases, unless the Helper apprehends the Offender, 4 Geo. 1. C 11.

70. Cutting hop binds, 6 Geo. 2. C 37. § 6.

71. By 37 H. 8. C 8. § 2. 1 Ed. 6. C 12. §

10. 2 dsf 3 Ed. 6. C 33.

See Robbery. i

See Burning, Black Act.

See Black Act.

See Priells.

72. Acknowledging them in the Name of another, 21 Jac. 1. C 26.

73. Sending them or refeuing such Offenders,

27' Geo'. 2. C 15.

Floodgates.

Fujlian.

Gaol.

Helping to stolen Goods for Reward.

Hops.

Horfejlealing.

Houfcbreaking.

Houses.

Hunting,

Jesuits.

Judgments.

Letters threat ning.

Letters anonymous, or signed with fictitious Name.

Linnets.

Los Is.

Lotteries.

Maid.

Maiming.

I

k See Black Act.

■ 74. Stealing it from Bleaching Grounds, 4 Geo.) 2. C 16. 18 Geo. 2. C 27. See Forgeries 59.

) 75. Breaking into Shop, dc. to steal or destroy,, Yarn or Implements, 4 Geo. 3. C 37. See Turnpikes.

See Forgery.

See Woman.

f 76. Any Person maliciously lying in wait, 22 [ y 23 Car. 2. C 1.

Firing

tfeloufcis tnitfjout dtlcrg^

jfcronf^ foftfjoat €um*

Marjbes.

Mariners.

Marriage.

Money,

Murder,

Mule.

\

77. firingengines for draining them, thesecond

Offence, 11 geo.z.c. 34# 14 Gee. 2. C 24.

2i Geo. 2. C 18.

78. Wandering without Teflimonial of Justices, 39 El, C 17. § 2. See Forgery.

Departing within the Year from the Service of those who took them to save them from Execution, 39 El. C 17. § 4.

See Women, f 80. Uttering false Money the third time, tic.

15 Gee. 2. C 28. § 2, 3.

J 81. By 12 H. 7. C 7. 23 f. 8. C 1. 25 Zf. 8.

( r. 3. 28 H. 8. C 1. 1 JE. 6. C 12.

82. Standing mute, or not answering dire£uy, Ed. 6. C 12. 4 £5" 5 P.

4 JF. iff ik?. r. 9. 1

r7s.

I E

See

[8o;

f 81.

I f. 3. u.... ......,

!82. Standing mute, t ■ 25 H. 8. C 3. 1

fcf M. C 4. 3 sf.

9.

Outlawry,

Ordinance, Petty Treason.

Perjury.

Pick pocket.

Piracy,

Plague.

Poisoning,

Popish recu ftants.

Priests and je/uits. _

Pr if oners, '

{83. For Offences not within gy, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. 4 cs

8 El. C 4. 18 £/. r. 7.

3y4 w.zftm. C 9.

Northumberland,. See Cumberland.

Notes. See Forgery, Robbery.

83. For Offences not within the Benefit of Cler & 5 P. & M. C 4 22 Car. 2. f. 5

34 w. tr M. C 9 See Stores.

See Murder.

■ 84. Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury, escaping, breaking Prison or returning from Transportation, 2 Geo. 2. C 25. § 2. See Prisoners.

85. Taking clam ti secrete from the Person above the Value of 12 d. 8 El. C 4,

* 86. By 11 sf 12 W 3. C 7. 4 Geo. 1. C 12.

8 Geo. l.c. 24.

87. Person laying violent Hands on his Commander, to hinder him from Fighting, tic. to suffer as Pirate, 11 tf 12 W. 3. C 7. § 9., 88. Trading with Pirates, 8 Geo. 1. C 24.

See Quarentine.

89. Of Malice prepenfed, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. §. >3*

90. Refusing to abjure, or not departing the Realm within time limited, or returning without the king's Leave, 33 El. C 1. § 3.

35 El. C 2. § 10.

Jgi. They who receive, relieve or maintain \ them knowingly, 27 El. C 2. § 4. f 9z. Taking the Benefit of insolvent Acts and

1' forswearing themselves, 28 Geo. 2. C 13. §

17. 1 Geo. C 17. § 26.

, 93. Refusing to deliver np their Effects, or con 5 cealingto the Value of 20/. 28 Geo. 2. C 13.

I 39. r Geo. 3. C 17. §' 46.

94. Persons transported for assisting Prisoners to L escape, and returning, 16 Geo. 2. C 31.

95. They who attempt to kill, or do strike or wound them in the Execution of their Office, 9 Ann. C 16.

96. Persons disguised abetting Rioters who oppose the Execution of Process in pretended privileged Places, cygeo. 1. C 28. § 3. f 97. Not performing it, 7 Geo. 1. C 3. 8 Geo.

j 1. C 8. 1 Geo. 2. C 13. 6 Geo. 2. C 34.

26 Geo. 2. C 6.

98. Mailer of Ship offending again!! Directions of 26 Geo. 2. C 6. § 2..

99. Concealing the having infested Person on board, 26 Geo. 2. C 6. § 3.

100. Refusing toperform Quarentine, 26 Geo. 2.

C 6. § 8.

101. Sound Persons entering Lazaret, and ef

I

Primy counsellors.

Process.

Quarentine.

1

Quarentine,

Rape.

Rescue,

1

Robbery.

Rebels,

Recognisance,

Recovery,

Rioters,

<

caping before they have performed Quarentine, 26 Geo. 2. C 6. § ro.

102. Superintendant of Quarentine negle'dling. Duty, 26 Geo. 2. C 6. § 17.-

103. Concealing or clandeflinely conveying (_ Letters of Goods, 26 Geo. 2. C 6. § 18.

f 104. By 18 El. C 7. j 1.

< 105. Carnally knowing Woman Child under t the Age of ten Years, 18 El. C 7. § 4.

ie. Relcuing Convicts from Transportation.

6 Gear 1. C 23. §;.

107. Rescuing any Person committed for, or found' guilty of Murder, or going to Execution, or during Execution, 25 Geo. 2. C 37-§ 9..

108. Persons transported for refemng the Body of such Offenders, after Execution, from the Sheriff or Surgeons, tie. and returning, 25 Geo. 2. C 37. § 10. See Black Ait, Letters threatening, Turnpike:.

pi09. Pardoned and returning from Transportation, or going into the Dominions of France or Spain, 20 Geo. 2» C 46. § I. no. Persons aiding them to such Purposes, 20 ' Geo. 2. C 46. § 2.

111. Or holding Correspondence with them, or with Persons employed by them, by Letters orotherwise, 20 Geo. 2. C 46. § 3-

112. Anknowledging it in the Name of another, 21 Ja. 1. C 26.

5113. Acknowledging it in the Name of ano t there, 21 Ja. i. C 26.

114. Assembled to the Number of twelve and continuing together one Hour after Proclamation, 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 5 § 1.

115. Pulling down Buildings, 1 Geo. I. ft. 2 r. 5. § 4-

116. Or hindering Proclamation being made,

I Geo'. I. C ft. 2. C. § 5v See Process

117. ofchurches, or Sacrilege, 23 H.S. C 1-

25 H. 8. C 3. 1 Ed. 6. C 12. S tf 6ed.

6. C 9 ift 10.

118. In or near the Highway, 23 #.■ 8. r. I. 25 H. 8. C 3. i. ed.b. C 12.

119. In Booths or Tents in any Fair or Market 5 & 6 Ed. 6. C 9.

120. In Dwelling Houses, Shops, Warehouses,

Coach Houses, or Stables, 23 H. 8. C 1-25 H. 8, C 3. 1 Ed.6. C 12.-; S 6 Ed.

6. r. 9 y 10. 39 EL C 15. 3 ti 4 W. ti

M. C 9. 10 ti 11 IF. 3. C 23.- 12 Anne.

7.

121. On Board any Vessel, or on any Wharf, to the Value of 40 s. 24 Geo. 2. C 45.

122. Stealing Furniture, tic. from Lodgings, (if above 12 d. Value) 3 & 4 W. tf mc. g.

§ S _

Stealing Exchequer Orders, Tallies or other Orders intitlirg Person to Annuity or Share in. any Parliamentary Fund, or Exchequer Bills, Banknotes, south-sea Bonds, East indicr Bonds, Dividend Warrants of Bank, south-sea, east-india, or other Company, Bills of Exchange, Navy Bills, or Debentures, gold fmith's Notes', or other Bonds or Warrants, Bills'or Promissory Notes, tic, is Felony the same as if ihe Money secured by such Bonds,. tie. had been stolen, 2 G, o. 2. c.-25. § 3.. And see 31 Geo. 2. C 22. § 81.

124. Offenders ordeied to be transported for

Affauls

fdoirtesfo<tfjcuit Cletjffi?.

itoiess nuti Eeccmetfeg;

Robbery,

Rogue.

Sacrilege.

sheep fteal'mg,

'Smuggling «/

.Seamen,

Ships.

Shooting,

{'

X

*33-

2.

Soldiers.

'south-sea Company.

S. S. Bonds, Ct Sluices.

■statute.

Stolen Goods.

Stores,

<iturnpikes.

Transported.

Trees.

Warren.

Wharf.

Witchcraft.

Woods,

Wool and Woollen Manufactures.

Women,

.( Assault with Intent to rob, breaking Gaol or L escaping, 7 Geo. 2. C 21. § 2.

J 125. Branded and afterwards offending, 1 Jar. { 1. C 7. Repealed by 12 Ann. Jl. 2. C 23.

See Robbery.

C 126. By 14 Geo. 2. C 6. Extended to Bull, % Cow, (Ac. by 15 Geo. 2. C 34. f 127. By 8 Geo. 1. C 18.

128. Assembling armed for running of Goods, iggeo. 2. C 34. § i.

129. Persons transported for afiifting in running Goods, and returning, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. § 10.

130. Persons convicted of running Goods, returning from Transportation, S Geo. l.c. 18. § 6. See Customs.

131. Treasons, Robberies, Felonies, Murders

and Confederacies done upon the Sea, 28 H. 8. C 15. § 3..

32. Personating them to receive their Pay, 31 Geo. 2, C 10. § 24.

Destroying them wilfully, 22 (A 23 Car. C 11. § 12. 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. 4 Geo. 1.

C 12. 11 Geo. 1. C 29. See Robbery, Wreck.

See Black Aft.

134. Departing without Licence, 7 H. y. 1.

3 H. 8. C 5. 2 y 3 Ed. 6. C 2. § 6.

135. Wandering without Testimonial from justices, 39 El. C 17. § 2. See Forgery.

136. Departing within the Year from the Service of those who took them to save them from Execution, 39 El. C 17. §4.

137. Enlisting or causing others to enlist in foreign Service, 9 Geo. 2. C 30.

1138. Accepting Commission from the French King. — Continuing in the French Service after z9 September 1757. — Contrasting to enlist in I. foreign Service, 29 Geo. 2. C 17. f 139. Officer or Servant embezzling their Effects,

I 24 Geo. 2. C 11. § 3. See Forgery.

See Forgery, Robbery.

See Turnpikes.

40. Acknowledging it in the Name of another, 21 Jac. 1. C 26.

See Helping to stolen Goods.

Embezzling them to the Value of 20 s. or offending against 31 El. C 4. concerning Embezzlement of Stores, 22 Car. 2. C 5. §. 3. f 142. Destroying them, or Locks, Sluices, or < Floodgates, or refeuing such Offenders, 8 £ Geo. 2. C 20. Perpetual by 27 Geo. 2. C 16. c143. Felons returning within the Time, 4 Geo. A ic. 11. 6 Geo. l.c. 23. 16 Geo, 2. C 15.

C See Rescue.

See Black Aft.

See Black Aft.

See Robbery.

5 144. By 1 jac. 1. C 12. Repealed by 9 Geo. I 2. C 5.

See Black Aft.

?f' 143. Unlawful Exporters returning after Transportation, 4 Geo. 1. C 11. §6.

>146. Opposing Officers of Customs, Excise, (Ac. in seizing Wool, 12 Geo. 2. C 21. § 26.

147. Destroying Woollen Goods, or Rack, or Tools, 12 Geo. 1. C 34. § 7. See Cloth. f 148. Stealing them, and marrying or defiling V them, having Lands or Goods, or being) Heirs apparent, 39 El. C 9.

\i49- After Conviction of an Offence that was J within Clergy, ousted of it on Conviction of V any other Felony, 3 (A 4 W. id M. C 9.

{■!

St f 114.

1 or

i En

'f 150. M. ingf j, 5,. P!

I jo. Making Holes in Ship in Distress, or ftcal pump, 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 18, § 5. lunderingshipwrecked Goods, orbeating,

, j (Ac. with Intent to kill, or otherwise ob

^ the Escape of any Person from such Ship, or putting out false Lights with Intent to bring any Ship into Danger, 26 Geo. 2. I C 19. See Accessary, ante.

. For other Matters, see 3ccccffarp, 3toberttfement, Appeal, slppjetjenders of felons, 2l5?ant>p 52, (Ac. 15jtt>ge 38, 40. Challenge, Clergp, Commitment, Cftape 7. forfeitures, franefctfes, Chants 12. habeas Corpus 10. !ue aitb Crp, 3bufttcejs of ^jveaee 23. ct: ogatibe 11, 13. |d?ocefs 5. Sheriffs, Crans pojtntioii, ¥reafon 24, (Ac. Crtal, Wagrants, cclales, seat nut) jdap,

same Cotjeit* See Baron and Feme, and Copyholders.

fence See Enclosures ■

See Bedford Level, and Marshes;

feutmefc, (Sir John.)

How attainted, 8 W. 3.^.4.

feoffment See Maintenance. fcfoel

1. The Assise of Coals, Faggots, (Ac. 34 (A 35 H. 8. C 3. 7

Ed. 6. C 7. 43 El. C 14- 9 Ann. C 15.

2. Regrating of Fuel prohibited, on Pain of Pillory, (Ac. 7 Ed. 6. CL 7. § 5.

3. Exportation of Wood prohibited, 1 (A 2 P. (A M. C 3.

4. Assise of Billet Wood, 9 Ann. C 13. 10 Ann. C 6.

f icti facias?. See Execution. fl'0s?* See Grocery Ware, filter

1. Fines for Alienation where taken away, 12 Car. 2. e. 24^

§ 1, 6.

2. For Fines for Copyhold, see coppfjolbcts.

For other Matters, see cftteats.

fines mill l&eeotietfesf.

1. Fines of Lands given in Tail shall be void, and the Issue or Reversioner need not put in their Claim, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed.

ic. 1.

2. Scire facias upon a Fine, regulating the Turns of Presentation to an Advowson, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Edi. C 5. § 2.

3. The Manner of levying a Fine, and the Nature of it, Mod. lew. sin. 18 Ed. 1. ft. 4.

4. The Exception that the Demandants continued seized, Shall not be received, St. defin. levat. 27 Edict. 1. C I.

5. Fines shall be solemnly read, ibid.

6. The Conufors shall be personally before the Juitices, St, defh*.

15 Ed. 2.

7. The Bar of non claim taken away, 34 ■EV. 3. C 16.

8. The Writs of Covenant and all other Instruments of Fines, shall be enrolled in the Common Bench, 5 H. 4. C 14.

9. Fines with Proclamations shall bar Strangers if they pursue not their Right within live Years, 1 R. 3. C 7. 4 El. 7. C 24,

4 10. Pro

jr»t££* jtfrc

io. proclamations required in Comma Pleas only once in each Term, ' 4h. 7. C 24.

1 j. Certain Alienations made by the Wife of the lands of her deceased Husband shall be void, 11 H. 7. C 20.

12. Fine by the Husband only no Discontinuance to the Wife, 3z II 8, C 28. § 6, 7.

13. Fines levied according to the Statute shall be a Bar of estates tail, 3z H. 8. C 36. § 1.

14. Fines levied by a Woman of the Inheritance of her late husband iliall be void, 32 H. 8. C 36. § 2.

15. Fines levied of unalienable Lands shall be void, 32 H. 8. C

36- § 3*

16. Lands whereof the Reversion is in the Crown excepted, 32 H. 8. C 36. § 4.

17. The Custom for married Women to be barred by Bargain and Sale in Cities, C 34 C 35 H. 8. C 22. C El. C 26.

§ 4-. ‘.

18. Fines in Lancaster shall be effectual, 37 II 8. C 19.

19. Fines may be levied in the City and County of Cbcfter, 2 &

3 Eel. 6. C 28. '

20. Shall be valid notwithstanding the Adjournment of the subsequent Terms, 1 m.ft. 2. C 7.

21. May be levied in the County of Durham, 5 EL C 27.

22. Fines and Recoveries may be enrolled, 23 El. C 3.

23. Shall not be reversed for Error in Matter of Form, 23 El. C

3.§2.

24. The Day and Year of acknowledging a Fine, CV shall be marked, 23 El. C 3. § 3.

25. Attornment how to be'entered, 23 El. C 3. § 5.

26. Fees for Inrolment, 23 El. C 3. § 6.

27. Records not to be carried out of the Office, 23 EL C 3. § 9.

28. The Statute for inrolling Fines and Recoveries extended to

Woles, and the Counties Palatine, 27 El. cg.............

29. Fines shall be proclaimed only four Times, 31 EL C 2.

30. For Fines in the City of Chester, 43 El. C 15.

31. Records of Fines burnt in the Tempif, how engrossed anew, 31 Car. 2. C 3.

32. Uses of Fines and Recoveries may be declared by Deeds executed afterwards, ^ Ann. C 16. § 15.

33. Conveyances by Fine orotherwise, good without Attornment,

4 Ann. C 16. § 9,

For Fines and Recoveries in Counties Palatine and Wales, 'fee Counties palatine and mules.

For other Matters, fe, ctjcftcf It. cl)itograpl)ct 2. felo

uics toltijout Clergy, 31ofot 1, ifc. jjutolmcnt, 3lancafter 4. iltnittattons 10.

fire

1. Houses in London to be built with Party walls, Iftc. 19 Car.

2. C 3. § 8. 22 Car. 2. C 1 1. § 6.

2. Fireworks prohibited, 9 Cf 10 IV 3, C 7.

3. Directions for preventing Fires in London, 6 Ann, e. 31. 7

Ann. C 17. 11 Geo. I. C 28. 33 Geo. 2. C 30.

j. Firemen exempt from being imprefied, 6 Ann. C 31. § 2.

5. Penalty on Servants firing Houses by Negligence, 6 Ann. C 31 • § 3 • _

6. Reftrittions of Boiling Turpentine, 7 Ann. C 17. § 11.

7. Stock in the Fire offices how taxed, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 3d.

For other Matters, see I15t00mc ailt) 5fut'3c 3. 2!5luldfngc fer To'. Burning, Conftablc 11.

ee Squibs.

first. frutts tin's Ccntljs.

1. None shall pay more for Firstfruits to Rome than usual, on Pain of general Forfeiture, 6 II 4. C 1.

2. Firstfruits and Tenths prohibited to be paid to Rome, 25 H. 8. C 20. § 3.

3. Granted to the Crown, 26 H. 8. C 3.

Vol. IX Tab.

jnt'ff tfruftg, C fiflj.

4. The Manner of collecting the Tenths, 26 Lf. 8. C 3. § 15.

5. Covenants for Farmers to discharge their leltors of Firstfruits made void, 26 H. 8. C 17.

6. Bishops certifying Defaults to be discharged, 26 II 8. C 3. § 18.

7. No Tenth to be paid for the Year for which Firstfruits are paid, 27 H. 8. C 8.

8. The Remedy for a Successor who is obliged to pay his pre deceffor's Tenth, 27 H. 8. C S.

9. The Year of the Firstfruits shall begin at the Avoidance, 28 //. 8. 0. 11.

10. Allowance to be made to the Bishop for Tenths which he cannot receive, 32 H. 8. C 22.

11. The Court of Firstfruits erected, 32 H. 8.0.45.

12. The Bishop of Norwich to celled! within his Diocese, 32 H. 8.0.47.

13. The five new erected Bishops to pay theirtenths in the Court of the Firstfruits, C 34^ 35 H. 8.0. 17.

14. Firstfruits and Tenths of united Churches to be paid as before, 37 H. 8. 0. 21. § 5. 17 Car. 2. 0. 3. § 3.

■ 15. The Penalty of an Incumbent not paying his Tenths, 2 fsf 3 Ed. 6. C 20.

16. Collectors of Tenths shall be bound by Recognisance, 7 Ed. 6. C 4.

17. Bifnops to pay over their Tenths yearly, 7 Ed. 6. 0. 4. § 3.

1 8. Void Benefices to be certified, 7 Ed. 6. 0. 4. § 4, '

19. The Tenths given from the Crown to godly Cfes, 2 fef 3 P. If M. C 4.

.20. Firstfruits and Tenths restored to the Crown, 1 El. C 4.

21. Small Vicarages and Parsonages discharged of Firstfruits, 1 El. C 4. § 29.

22. What Proportion shall be paid by the Executors of an Incumbent who dies soon after his Promotion, '1 EL C J. § 30.

23. Grants to the Universities, Ifc. to continue, 1 El. C 4. §34.. : 24. Benefices restored to the Duchy of Lancaster, 1 El. C 4.'

§ 38. _ '

i25. The Statute which makes the Lands of Receivers answerable, extended to the Under collectors of Firli fruits and Tenths, 14 El. C 7.

26. Firstfruits and Tenths granted to the Corporation for augmenting poor Livings, ifcf 3 Ann. C il. 1 Geo. 1. C 10.

27. Corporation may puichafc Lands or Goods, 2 & Ann. C

11. §4.

28. One Bond only to be taken for the several Payments of Firstfruits, 2 & 3 Ann. C 11. § 6.

29. Small Livings discharged of Firstfruits, Ifc. 5 Ann. C 24.' 6 Ann. C 27.

30. Four Years allowed to Bishops for Payment of their Firstfruits, 6 Ann. C 27. § 5.

31. Bishops to certify the Value of Livings, 1 Geo. 1. C 10. § 1.

32. Rules of the Corporation to be approved under the king's Sign Manual, 1 Geo. 1. C 10. § 3.

33. Augmented Churches to be perpetual Benefices, 1 Geo. 1. C 10. §4.

3 j. The Estates given may be exchanged, 1 Geo. 1. C to. § 13.

35. A Colledtor of the Tenths eltablilhcd, and Bifnops exempted, 3 Geo 1. C 10.

36. Firstfruits and other Payments out of any ecclesiastical Benefice, excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 5z. §38.

See Cjcccueojs 8. ^iiuvttcion,

fi'fij, jr5(ljei1c0 anti jfffljetmetu

1. The Chancellor, sv. shall regulate the Sale of stock fish, Ifc. 31 Ed. ft 2 C 3... :

z. Regulations of the Fishery at Blacknej Haven, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 3. C 1, C

3. None but Fishermen to buy Nets, lsc. in Norfolk, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 3- e.. 2.

4. The Fifnmongers of London shall not buy Fish far from the

K City,

jfi'ffj.

City, to sell again in the City, except Eels and Pikes, 6 R, i. Sr. 11. Repealed 7 R. i. C 11.' ''

3. None Ihnll six Engines to catch Sith cross a River in the Night,

'2 H. 6. C 1 3.

6. Foreign Merchants at Liberty to sell Fish by wholesale or retail, 14 II 6. C 6.

7. Engines dellrudtive of the Fry offilh .in Orford Haven pro,, 4 #.7. C 21.

8. Buying of salt fish and stock fish at the sea side to fell' again

prohibited, 25 H. 8. Repealed 35' H. 8, C 7. 1 ' 1

9. Stealing Fish out of Ponds to be punished with three Months Imprisonment, 31 H. 8. C 2. § 2.

10. Buying Fish upon, the Sea to sell within the Realm, except Sturgeon, Porpoise, and Seal, prohibited, 33 II §. rl 2'..,.

11. The Admiralty shall not exact anything of those that refo'rt

to Ifelcmd or Newfoundland, 2 iff 3 Ed. 6. C 6. ^.

12. Direflions for preventing the Delhudion of Spawn and Fry

of Fish, 1 El. C 17.' (Made perpetual, Car. i.' .£■., '4.) 1

Geo. t. C 18. § 14.

13. Offences inquirable at the Leet, 1 EL C 17'. § 8.

14. Sea Fish maybe taken andexportedfreetyj 3 Etc.' 3.' 43

el.c. 11. 12 Car. 2. C 4. § 5.

15. Not to prejudice Hull, 3 El. C 5. § 3'.

16. No Herrings not well lalted to be bought of any Strangers,.

; El. C 5. § 6. _ '

17. .Fishermen not to be impressed as Mariners, without the Authority of the Joltices of the Peace, 5 El, C 5. § 43.

is. Cutting of fifn ponds to be, punished by imprisonment, 5 El. C 2 I. § 2.

19. Ships prohibited to anchor in the Way of common filling,

'5 El. C 11. ... 1 V *.

20. Foreign taken Fish not to be dried for Sale in England, 13 El. C 11. § 6.'

21. Fish not be imported by Strangers to be dried, 13 El. C 11. §6.' ‘ 1 _ _ ' ' ■ "

22. Evglijkmen prohibited to import salt fish, 23 El. C 7. Repealed, 39 El. C 10.

23. Permitted to carry Fish front one foreign Port to another, 27 El. C 15.

24. Unlawful Nets prohibited in Orford Haven, 27 El. C 21.

25. Fish may be exported in Ships with cross Sails, 39 El. C 10.

26. What Customs Aliens are to pay, 39 el.c. 10. §4.

27. The Penalty of importing or selling unseasonable Fish, 39 El. C 10. § 5.

28. Ordinances to restrain the taking or selling of Fish void, 39 El, C 10. § 6. Repealed, except as to salt fish and Herrings, 43f/. r. 9. §33.

29. Coaltmen and Fishermen not to be restrained from buying Salt fish, 43 El. C 9. § 34.

30. Filhermcn in Scmerjetjhire, Devon and Cornwall, may go upon the Ground near the Sea to conduct their Fishery, 1 Ja.

1. C 23.

31. If hied for the same shall recover Damages, iffc. 1 Jac. 1,

r. 23, §4. ■.

32. Wears shall not be erected on the Coast or in a Harbour, 'or 'within five Miles of the Mouth of a Haven, 3 Ja. 1. C 12.

33. Nets under three Inches Meaflt not to be used, except, iffc. 3 Ja. 1. C 12.

34. Taking the'fryof Sea Fish prohibited, 3 Ja. 1. C 12.

33. salt fish, Oil, and Blubber, caught or imported by Foreigners, shall pay double Aliens Customs, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 5.

36. Proviso for Ships exporting Fish, 13 14 Car. 2. C 11.

§36.

3.7. Adventurers in the Royal Filling Trade not liable to Bankruptcy, I 3 iff 14 Car. 2. C 24. § 3, 4.

38. Regulations for the Pilchard Fishery in Devon and Coruvoall,

13. & 14 Car. 2. C 28.

39, idle Persons assembling about Boats, iffc. to pay 5 s. or be fet in' the Stocks, 13 d1 14 Car. 2. r. 28. § 5*

40, Nofrelh Herring, Cod, Haddock, Coaler Gull, to be imported but in engli/h Ships, 15 Car. 2. C 7'. § t6,

41. Duties on foreign salt fish imported, 15 Car. 2. C 7. § 17.'

42, No Ship shall fail on' a filling Voyage to If land or iveftmony before the tenth of March, 15 Car. 2. C \6.

43. .No Toll to be taken in ‘neyvfouraland, 15 Car. 2. C 16.

144. Penalties for destroying Stores' in Newfoundland or Greenland, -15 Car. 2. C 16. § 2..

(45. Any Perfjn may seize prohibited foreign Fish exposed to Sale, 1s Car. 2. C 2. § 2. •' '

Penalties offifhing in another's Pond, 22 Csf 23 Car. 2. C 25.

§ 7-..,,,.. •, '• :

47. For preferring the Fish in the Severn, 30 Car.. 2. c.q.

48. stock fish and live eels may be imported, by any, 32 Car. 2.

c' § 7* ■..

49. 'Owners of Fisheries may by Warrant search for Nets, ifc.

1 4iff 5 w.fs M. C 23. §3.,,,.,.. : j ‘

■50. Drawback's, orl salt fillr exported, 5 W. iff M. C 7. § 10.

9 Iff 1 crw. 3. C 44. '

51.billingfgate made a free Market for Fish, xo & 11 IV 3.

r. 24.

■52. The Fifhmongers of London not to buy.more than their Trade requires, 16 iafiliv. 3. C 24. § 11.

53. - Assise of Loblters, lo.iif 11 W. V If. § 12..!

54. Fish not to be imported in foreign Bottoms, 10 Iff 11 W: 3.

C 24. § 12.

.55. Anchovies, 'Sturgeon, iffc. not prohibited, to'fif jiw. 3.

C 24. § 14.,

56. Regulations of the Newfoundland Fishery, lots' 11 W. 3.

Tr 2s V.

!57- Felonies ip Newfoundland may be tried in England, 10 iff II

■ V i — jr' ' ' i,. 1' • >. ' •' I J 'i

H. 3. r. 25. § 1, 3., ■,

58. Drawbacks, and Allowances on salt fish exported, 1 Ann. ft,

I. d 21.' 1 ‘.

59, Regulations for importing salt fish, 1 Ann. ft. I. C 21. § 14.

2 iff 3 Ann. C 14. § 13, 14. 4 Ann. C 12. § 12.

60. Importation of North sea cod filli, iffc. permitted, 4 Ann, C "12. § 12. • "

i,,, For preserving the Fishery in the Slower, 4 Ann. C 15.

62. None'to keep Nets, iffc. other than allowed by 4 IV Iff M. C 21- 4^5 Ann. C 21. § 7.

63. Power given to the Company of .the Fishermen of the Thames to make bylaws, 9 Ann. C 26.

64. None but Fishermen, tffc. to sell at Billingsgate, 9 Ann. C

26. § 3. '

63. The Market Hours at 'Billingsgate appointed, 9 Ann. C 26,

§ 5-

66. Salt allowed Duty free for salting Fish in the nor/h.sea and at If land, 3 2 Ann. ft. 2. C 2..

67. Foreign taken Fish, (except Turbuts and Lobsters) not to be imported, 1 Geo. 1. C 18. § 1, 10. under Penalty of 100 /. C 9 Geo. 2. C 33.

68. The Assise of saleable Sea fish, 1 Gee. 1. C 18. § 7.

6g. Assise of Nets, 1 Geo. ic, 18. §4.

70. Salt to be cellared Duty free for curing of Fish, 3 Geo. r.cl8.

71. Allowances out of the Salt Duty for Fish exported,. 5 Geo. 1. C 18, '§ 6.

72. An annual Fund of 2000/.. for encouraging the Fisheries in Scotland, y Geo,. I. C 20. § 14.

73. The Times of accounting for Salt delivered Duty free, for curing Fish, ascertained, 8 Geo. 1. C 4. § 9.

74. Allowance for Salt lost in Port, 8 Grj, I. ft 4. § 11.

73. Bounty on Fish exported how payable, 3 Geo. 2. C 20. § 9.

76. The Exemption in 13 iff 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 36, confined to Fish taken by Subjects, 9 Geo. 2. C 33. § 3.

77. Fish Market in Westminster eftablidied, 22 Geo. 2c. 49. 29 Geo. 2. C 39.

78. Penalty on contradling for Fish to be sold by retail, before it is brought to Market, 22 Geo. z. t. 49 §9.

79. Fishermen,,

79. Fishermen, tor. to (ell their whole Cargo within eight Days

after their Arrival on the Coast, 22 Geo. 2. C 49. § 12. 29

Geo. 2. C 39* § i

80. fish taken with a Hook may be sold though under Size, 22 Geo. 2. C 29. § 21. Repealed 29 Geo. 2. C 39. § 14.

Si. Establishment of the British White Herring Fishery, 23 Geo. 2. C 24. 26 Geo. 2. C 9. 28 Geo, 2. C 14.

8z. Thirty Shillings per Tonne Bounty for decked Vessels, 23 Geo. 2. C 44. § 11.

s3'. Oaths respecting the nominal Days appointed for the Rendezvous of Bufles, tor. to be conformable to the new Calendar, 26 Geo. 2. C 9. § 2.

84. Vessels to return with as many Hands as required at the Rendezvous, 26 Geo. 2. C 9. § 3.

83. Society may let their Beflcs, 28 Geo. 2. C 14. § 5.

86. 100/. Penalty on obftrudting the Fishery in Scotland, 29 Geo. 2. r. 23.

87. British Salt may be taken Duty free for curing Fish in Scotland for Exportation, 29 Geo. 2. C 23. § 5.

88. Foreign Salt may be imported for curing Fish in Scotland, paying only Customs on Importation, 29 Geo. 2. C 23. § 5.

89. Duties on Fish cured in Scotland for home Consumption, and Bounties on Exportation, 29 Geo. 2. C 23. § 6, tor.

go. Penalties on iifhing Vessels employed for the Supply of London and Westminster, breaking Bulk or selling their Fish' before they arrive in the River; or not entering their Arrival, and selling their Fish within eight Days, 29 Gee. 2. C 39.

91. Twelve Days allowed for the Sale of Lobsters, 29 Geo. 2. C

39. §2. _

92. infpe&orsof fishing Vessels appointed, 29 Geo. 2. C 39. § 5.

93. Fees to the king's Searcher on the Arrival of fishing Vessels at Graojefend, 29 Geo. 2. C 39. §6.

94. Penalty on selling Fish within 100 Yards of the Fish Market at' Westminster without a Licence, 29 Gio. 2. C 39. § 9.

95. The Court of Mayor and Aldermen of London to makejle gulations for the Fishermen in the Thames and the Medway, 30 Geo. 2. C 21.

96. Further Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring' Fishery, 30 Geo. 2. C 30.

97. Vessels may be employed in the Intervals of the Fishery, '30'

■, Geo. 2. r.30. § 5.

98. too. Penalty on obstructing those employed in the Herring Fishery in the freeufe of Ports, Shores, tor. 30 Geo. 2. C 30. § 7.

99. Fishing Vessels to pay Harbour and Pier Duties, ibid. § 8.

106. Regulations of the Sale of Fish in London, 33 Geo. 2. C 27.

101. Account of Fish brought to the AW, and Punishment of destroying it, 33 Geo. 2. C 27. § 4.

102. Regulations to reduce the exorbitant Price of Fish, 2 Geo. 3. r. 15.

For other Matters, Jee certtojatx 40. Cltflomc, ^felotllcs ibttboi'.t Cletgp, Fa. jftflj. jfojcftaucrc 7 to 9. (Same, Caugtng 4, 6, tor. (Sjccnlanb, Inerting, ifolpdapg 8, q 10. jmngfton upon Hull, Iktocaftie, sdpftcrc, ff.tbcre, Salmon, Salt 37, 38, tor. ^cotlatib, sotitb^ca Company' 9, tor. Cttljco 15. cutyucs, tor. aatctr 3.

filing

Old ones for making of Paper may be imported Duty free, 11 Geo. 1. r. 7. § 10.

flannel.

1. To what Duties liable on Importation, 4 TV. to M. c1. 5. §'2.

2. In what Places to be made, 4 Ja. 1. C 2. § 16.

- Bar anu ilpemp*

1. Every Person occupying 60 Acres, to sow one Rood with

Hemp or Flax, 24#. 8. r. 4. 3 El. C 5. § 29.

2. Shall not be watered in any running Stream or common Pond, / 33 H. 8, C 17.

3. The Statutes for sowing Flax and Hemp repealed, 35 El. C 7.

§ 21.

4. Any Person may work Hemp, Flax, Tapiftry, tor. 15 Car. 2. r. if.

5. Foreigners using the Trade cfdrefling Flax, tor. to enjoy the Privileges of Subjects' ' the Oaths, tor. jj Car. 2. C 15. § 3» 4-

6. Duties on Hemp Seed, and Yarn of Flax or Hemp imported,

2 W. to m.jejf. 2. r. 4. § 31, 32. 4 IV to 711 r. 5. § 2.

7. The Tithe of Hemp and Flax ascertained, 3 W. to M. C 3, it to 12 W. 3. r. 16.

8. Flax or Hemp may be imported from Ireland Duty free, 7 III

8 IV 3. r. 39. 1 Ann. Jl. 2. r. 8.

9. Penalty on Workmen imbezilling it, i ar.n.fi, 2. C 18.

to. Bounty on the importation of Hemp from the Plantations,

3 to 4 Ann. C 10.

11. Plemp water rotted, tor. from the Plantations, free from. Duties, 8 Geo. 1. r. 12.

12. Undressed Flax may be imported Duty free, 4 Geo. 2. C 27.

13. Medium of the Duties on rough Flax, (Ac. for seven Years, to be an annual Charge on the Aggrcgrate Fund, 4 Geo. 2. C 27. §6.

14. No Drawback on the re exportation of unwrought Iflemp to the Plantations, 4 Geo. 2. r. 27. § 7.

15. Against Frauds in Manufactures of Hemp, Flax, (2c. 22 Geo. 2. C 27.

16. Bounty on the Importation of Hemp and rough Flax from America, 4 Geo. 3. r. 26.

For other Matters, Je jurelauts 37- slitlueu, cttljcs.

Best Di'tclj.

To be filled up, and the Inheritance of it veiled in the City of London, 6 Geo. 2.' r 22.

• • Beet

1. Persons confessing themselves Debtors to the King when they are not so, how remandable to the Fleet, 1 R. 2. C 12.

2. The Warden, under what Penalty not to suffer anyprisoner in Execution to go at large, I R. z..c. 12. -

, 3. Prisoners in the Fleet, how to be proceeded against, 13 Car.

2. Jl. 2. r. 2. § 5. 8 to 9 W. 3. r. 27. § 13.

4. Grants of the Inheritance to be enrolled, 8 tog TV. 3. C 27. § 10.

3. Office of the Warden to be executed only by the Warden or his Deputy, 8 to 8 IV 3. C 27. § 11.

6. What Rent Prisoners are to pay, 8 tog W. 3. C 27. § 14.

.7. The King by Letters Patents may appoint a Warden during the Life of Thomas Balnbridge, 2 Geo, 2, C 32. § 2.

5. No inferior Office to be rented or farmed, 2 Geo. 2. C .32. § 3.

9. Fleet Prison how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 65.

For other Matters, see cccapc w^jt'fonc.

Better (John.)

How relieved, 3 Gee. t. C 21. § 3.

r,

forcible c^rsttrp mtb Detainer.

1. Forcible and unlawful Entries prohibited, 3 R. 2 .Jl. j. C

2. Justices of Peace shall convidt those that forcibly enter or detain Lands, 151?. 2. C 2. 8 //. 6. C 9.

3. Defaults of Sheriffs punished by Action or Indictment, 8H.G.

4. Restitution hot to be made where the Party has been three Years in Possession, 3] El. C 11.

5. If he allege three Years Possession, and it be found against him,

1 hefhall pay Colts, 31 El. C 11.

6. Restitution shall be given to Tenants for three Years by Copy, tor. 21 Ja. I. r. I 5.

For other Matters, see jdimtstjcs Treble,

K 2

fojcfgn States!, C tfo^eclofurc.' ifojcffs?.

ifokiwe ^arrinse* See Marriage.

ifojcfgn attachment.

J. Annuities not liable to foreign Attachment, 3 Geo. 1. C 8. § 16. 12 Geo. 1. C 2. § 22.

2. Stock of the Bank not liable, 7 Ann, C 7. § 62.

3. Of the east india Company not liable, 9 (A 10 W. 3. C 44. § 74-

4. Of South Sea Company not liable, 9 v/ra. r. 21. §42. 8

Geo. 1. C 21. § 12;

foze&n Pea

Foreign Pleas how triable, 4 H. 8. C 2. 22 H. 8. C 2,

See Crictl,

ifojcfgn State.

1. English Merchants resorting to Denmark, to go to the Staple at North Bergen, 8 H. 6. C 2.

2. Importation of the Produce of the Duke of Burgundy's Country

prohibited, till! he shall recall his Prohibition of English Drapery, 27 H. 6. C 1. 28 H. 6. C 1. 4 Ed. 4. C 5.

3. An Oath and Bond to be exacted of those that go into foreign Service, 3 Ja. 1. C 4. § 18.

4. Disabilities of Children seat into Foreign Parts for Education without Licence, 3 Ja. j. C 5. § 16.

5. Lending Money to a foreign Prince without Licence prohibited, 3 Geo. 2. C 5.

6. Subjects accepting commiltions in the Scotch Brigade in the Dutch Service, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, 29 Geo. 2. C

17 • § 5 •

7. Offences committed Abroad may be tried in Great Britain, 29 Geo. 2. C 17. § 6.

or other Matters, see icuctls 9. urttficcvs 14, (Ac. ctlft 3fndia Company 15. felonies lnftljout oelcrgp, .Tit. Hiolstcvs. jlottcvtcs 7. jqjtortiue anii kcpjtcal, tacp, irecufants 12, 15. Crucc ol&jcafceris.

ifcieign dsoucijct:.

The Vouchee how to be summoned on a foreign Voucher, 6 Ed.

1. Jf. 1. C 12. 9 Ed. 1.

sr0?cc!ofltrc Of See Mortgage.

jfojcff

1. Persons residing out of the Forest, not bound to attend the common Summons, C dc F. 9 H. 3.7?. 2. C 2.

2. Wade, Purprefture and Aflarte, not to be made without Licence,. C de F. 9 H. 3. Ji. 2. C 4.

3. Regards and la wing of Dogs to be as accustomed, C de F. 9 H.

3- ftc S'6.

4. Scotals and Gatherings restrained, C de F. 9 H. i,. ft. 2. C 7. 23 Ed. 3. Ji. 5. C 7.

5. Swainmotes to beheld but twice in a Year, 9r 3, / t.r.s.

6. How Freeholders may use their Lands and Woods, C de F. 9 H. 3. ft. 2. C 9, 12, 13.

7. Punishment of killing king's Deer, 9 H. 3.7?. 2. C 10.

8. Noblemen going to the King may kill Deer, 9 H. 3. Ji, 2. C 11.

9. Who may take Toll, and of whom, 9 H. 3. Ji. 2. C 14.

10. Pleas of the Forest how to be attached and held, 9 H. 3. Ji. 2. r. 16.

11. Owners of Purlieus not to have Common, unless they will have their Grounds reunited to the Forest, Qrdin, Fore ft. 22 Ed ft. 5.

12. How Presentments shall be made of Offences in the Forest, Qrdin. Forejl. 34 Ed. x.ji.^.c, I.

13. The Justices in the Forests shall name the Officers, except Verdurers, Ordin. Foreji, 34 Ed. x.ji, 3. C 2.

14. Ministers of the Forest shall not be putin Juries out of the Forest, Ordin. Forejl '$\‘ed. x.ji. 5. r. 3.

13. Punishment of Surcharges in the Forest, Ordin. Foreji. 34 Ed. 1. ft, 5. C 4.

16. Common restored in the Forest after Perambulation, Ordin. Forejl. 34 Ed. J!. 5. C 6.

17. The Punishment for Offences in Greenhue, Conflict. (A Afftf. Foreji. incerti temp. § 1.

(8. In cutting Timber, ibid. §3.

19. Concerning Affart and Purprefture, ibid. §4.

20. For Offences in hunting, ibid. §7, (Ac.

21. The Manner of making Agistment and Pannage in the Forest, ibid. § 14.

22. Concerning Cattle trespassing, ibid 15.

23. Persons unduly imprisoned by the Ministers of the Forest, shall have a Homine r, p!egiando. X Edp, .Jl. 1. C 8.

24. Perambulation to be as in Time of King Ed. 1. t Ed. 3. Ji,

C I.

25. The Owner of Woods may freely take his Eftovers, 1 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 2.

26. Foresters to gather nothing without Consent, 25 Ed. j.ft. 5. C 7.

27. General Pardon of Offences of Vert and Venison, 43 Ed. 3.

C 4-.

28. Jndifimcnts of the Swanimotc to be without Fees, 46 Ed. 3.

See Appendix.

29. The Jury shall give their Verdifts of Trespasses in the Forests,

in the same Place where they receive their Charge, 7 R. '2. C 3. _ '

30. None shall be imprisoned within the Forest without Indictment or Mainoure, 7 R. 2. C 4.

31. The Owner of a Wood after cutting it, may enclose the Spring for seven Years, 22 Ed. 4. C 7.

32. Discharge of the Offices in the Forest of ingle wood, 4 //. 7. C 6.

33. Oppressions in the Forests in Wales prohibited, 27 H. 8. C 7.

34. The King shall have Chase and Warren in the Grounds of Hampton Court, 31 E?. r. 5.

35. The Justices of the Forests may make Deputies, 32 H. 8.

r 35-

36. ' The Forests restrained to the known Bounds of 20 Ja. 1. 16 Car, 1. C I 6.

37. No Place shall be deemed Forest but where Courts have been held or Verdurers chosen within 60 Years before the Reign of King Charles I. 16 Car. X C 16. § 5.

38. Commission to ascertain the Bounds of Forests, 16 Car. 1. C 16. § 6.

39. Owners of Tenements, (Ac. to enjoy ancient Common, (Ac.

x6 Car. 1. C 16. § 9. -- -- The Bounds of the Forest of Dean

ascertained, 20 Car. 2. C 3.

40. Saving of Right of Common, 20 Car. 2. C 3. § jj.

41. And of Miners, 20 Car. 2. C 3. § 12.

42. Coal Mines, (Ac. for what Terms to be leased, 20 Car. 2: C 3-§'8.

43. For preferring Timber in northeast w Forejl, 9 (A xow. 3. C 36.

44. Right of Common, (Ac. how to be enjoyed, 9 (A xo W. 3.

C 36, § 7-. ^

45. Warrants of Chief Justices in Eyre or Officers of the Forest exempted from Stamp Duty, 10 Ann. C 26. § 74.

46. Penalty on Officers of Forests and Parks confederating with deer stealers, 5 Geo. 1. C 15. § 5.

47. Keepers, (Ac. may seize Instruments used in unlawful cutting of Trees, 4 Geo. 3. C 31.

For other Matters, see ustooillc, (Ac. 3. 15lirtultg 4. jdeer ftcnlcrs, Felonies ixittbjotic Clergy Tit. ii?lacl» t. fdarfos, ihtood,

^ojctfnllcrg;

fojemers

forfeitures

forgery

forcflallers, Jngroffers, ant Etgrators,

1. Forestallers to be inquired of in Eyre, jude. Pillar. 51 H. 3.

ft 6. § 3.

2. Their Punishment by Abjuration, tsc. ord.n. pro piftar. in

certi temp, C 10. Vol. I. 186. 25 Ed. 3. ft. 4. e. 3. 2 R. 2.

Ji. I. C 2.

3. Penalty of Forestallers of Wines and other v.idluals, 25 Ed. 3.

/• 4- f 5-... ^

4. Forestalling prohibited on Pain of Death, 27 £</. 3. Ji. z.

C n.

5. The Punishment of Forellallers, Regrators and Ingroffers, 3 (A 6 Ed. 6. C 14. Made perpetual, 13 El. C 25.

6. For the third Offence to be fet in the Pillory and forfeit Goods, isc.; b' 6 Ed. 6. C 14. § 6.

7. Fish may be bought and sold again, 5 s? 6 Ed. 6; C 14. § 13.

8. Ingroffing and regrating of tanned Leather prohibited, 5 (3 6 Ed, 6. C 15.

9. The Statutes of Forestallers not to be extended to foreign Viiftuals, other than Fish and Salt, 13 El. C 25, § 21..

10. Informations on the Statutes against Forestalling, Iste. are not local, 31 El. C 5. § 4.

For other Matters, see the federal Commodities.

And see ^bjuvation 3. hbntigers, usutchcvs, •jlsuttctr 3. Cattle 3. Co; tt 12, 13. jdjobiets, ^feldcl 2. Jfift) 8, C jlcatljct 12. wsualo 14.

forfeited estates,

1. Commissioners appointed for the Sale of forfeited Estates, 4

Geo. 1. C 8. 5 Geo. I. C 22, 23. 6 Geo. 1. C 24.

2. Estate of John Aiftabic, Esq; how forfeited and applied, 7 Geo.

1. JI. l.c. 28.

3. Forfeited Estates unfold revelled in his Majesty, 9 Geo. 1. C

19. § 15, 18.

4. Farther directions for the Sale of forfeited Estates, 13 Geo, 1.

C 28. 1 Geo. 1. C 21. 2 Geo. 2. C 33.

5. A fraudulent Sale of Lord denwentwater's Estate fet aside, 3 Geo. 2. C 23.

6. Rents of the Derwentwater Estate applied to the Support of

Greenwich Hospital, 8 Geo. z. C 29. 11 Geo. 2. C 30.

7. Lord ividdrington's Estate to be conveyed in Trust for the Creditors of the York Buildings Company, t8 Geo. 2, C 37.

8. For veiling forfeited Estates in the Crown, 20 Geo. 2. C 41.

9. Escheats on Hornings and Denunciations in Scotland, taken away, 20 Geo. 2. e. 50. §11.

10. Certain forfeited Estates in Scotland veiled in the Crown unalienably, 25 Geo. 2. C 41.

For other Matters, see lu'tlg, (Ac. 43. j^cctlaml Forfeited Efatcs,

forfeitures

1. No Forfeiture of Traitors dead before Attainder, 34 Ed. 3.

C 12. 46 Ed. 3. in Appendix.

2. In High Treason are to the King, in Petty Treason to the Lord of the See, 25 Ed. 3.7?. 3. C 2.

3. The Escapes of Felons, (Ac. jhal! be levied as they fall, 31 Ed. a, .ft. t. r. 14.

4. Persons outlawed in Lancajkire, shall forfeit only their Lands

and Goods in Lancajkire. g //. 3. C 2. is H. C 13- 20

H. 3. C 2. 31 H. 6. C 6.

5. The Goods of Prisoners for Felony shall not be seized before Conviflion, 1 R. 3. C 3.

6. All Lands of Inheritance forfeited for High Treason, 26 H. 8.

C 13. § 5. 3 (A 6 Ed. 6. C 11. § 9.

7. The Wife of a Traitor or Felon to be endowed, 1 Ed. 6. C

12. § 17.

For Other Matters, see Ctdjcqticr, jfclotts, (Ac. 6, S.

dpjnutis of tlje Idutg, 3!relana, treason,

forgery,

1. Of false Deeds to be punished by Damages to the Party, and Fine and Ransom to the King, 1 H. 5. C 3.

2. Proecfs of Outlawry to be awarded against Forgers, 7 H. 5. § 2.

3. Farther Penalties on Forgery, by Pillory, loss of Ears, (Ac.. 3 El. C 14. § 2, 3.

|. plaintiff's Release to discharge only Damages and Cods, 5 El.

C 14. § 6.

5. Forgeries excepted cut of General Pardon, 20 Geo. 2, C 52. § 20, 2 1, 22, z3.

For Other Matters, see hfttojnics 26. t!£?tcf6 2. Coffee 8,

(ffjceljequcr, felonies Loftlj ana toitljout Ctcrcfp. Tit. ^fotgctp, i?alnucts 3. if.cgiqrcr 3. s>outl> isca, Company,

forma pauperis,

1. The Chancellor and Judges in their Discretion to admit Persons to sue in Forma Pauperis, 11 h.y. C 12.

2: Counsel and Attorneys how to be alligned, 1 1 H. 7. C 12.

3. Such Plaintiffs to pay no Colls, but to be punished at discretion of the Judge, 23 H. 8. C 15. § 2.

4. Where one may defend an Information relating to the cu ftoms in Forma Pauperis, 2 Geo. 2. r. 28. § 8.

For other Matters, see j300?, Stamps, •

formepon.

1. Where maintainable against the Pernor of the Profits, 1 H. 7. C

2. Form of a Writ of Formedon in Defcender, 13 Ed. 1. C 1. §3,

3. A Conveyance made use of in a Voucher in Formedon, is not within 13 El. concerning fraudulent Conveyances, 13 El. C 5.

V

4. Formedons mull be brought within twenty Years after the Cause of Action, 21 Ja. 1. C 16, § 1, 2.

For other Matters, see

fortifications,

1. To be made on the Sea coast in Cornwall, 4 H. 8. r. 1.

2. Lands to be purchased for the fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham

and Harwich, 7 Ann. C 26. 8 Ann. C 21.

3. Lands for the Fortifications oh Plymouth, Partfnouth and chat ham veiled in Trustees, 31 Geo. 2. C 39. § 1.

4. Compensation given to the Proprietors, 32 Gto. 2. C 3c,

5. Moneys payable to Persons under legal Dilability to receive the same, to be paid over to Deputy Remembrancer, 33 Geo. 2. C 11. § 14.

6. Lands in Kent, sujjex and Southampton on which Sorts have been eretfted, veiled in Trustees, 2 Geo. 3. C 37.

7. Compensation made to the Proprietors of those Lands, 4 Geo,

3- 35-

founders.

Their Rights how saved, see Contra formam collaiionis and Mona jieries.

founttfmg l&ofpifni. See Hospitals.

frames or Engines fo? ©tccfuugs anti f vamc=2£lo?fc Emitters,

1. Penalties for exporting Fraines or Engines for Stockings, y (A 8 IV 3. C 20. § 8.

2. What Notice to be given on the Sale or Removal of them, y & & IV 3. C 20. § 9.

3. Frame Work knitters are within 12 Geo. 1. concerning Combinations by Workmen, 12 Geo. i, C 34. §

For other Matters, see Cileol,

ftr.itce*

jfranct)i'fc£i.

France.

1. England not to be subject to the King, as King of France, 14 Ed. i„jl. 5.

2. Commerce with France prohibited, 3 IS 4 Ann. C 13,

3. Entering into the French king's Military Service as a com mission or non commission Officer, without Leave under the Sign Manual, made Felony, 29 Geo. 2. C 1 7.

4. Subjects of Great Britain in the Service of France not returning before 9 Sept. 1757, adjudged guilty of Felony, 29gy0. 2.

■ C 17.

5. No vi£luals to be exported from the Plantations during the War with France, except to Great Britain or Ireland, or some of the Plantations, 30 Geo. 2. C 9.

ftancfjifeg.

t, Shall not protect Felons, St. Wejhn. t. 3 Ed. 1. C 9.

2. Questions of non user and Abuser of Liberties, shall be discussed by the Treasurer and Barons with the Assistance of the other Judges, St. Forma Concejf. 13 Ed. Jl. 6.

3. Liberties confirmed that had been long used, st.quowarr. 18 Ed. 1, ft. 2.

4. Inquisitions to be taken before granting Liberties, St. de LI bertat. perquirend. 27 Ed. fi. 2.

5. Hundreds, isc. shall not be let at too great Farm, Artie, super Cart, 28 Ed. 1. C 14.

6. Slow Process shall be awarded on the Plea of a Deed, Sc. made within a Franchise, 9 Ed. 3.JI. 1. e. 4.

7. Liberties restraining the Freedom of Merchandise, against the common Utility, and void, 2 R. 2. ft. 1. e, 1.

8. Where Lords are named Diffeifors in Assises to oull them of their Franchises, the Writ shall abate, g H. 4. C 5. or where Default is made by Collusion, 8 H. 6, e. 26.

g. Power of pardoning Treason and Felonies, and other Liberties reunited to the Crown, 27 H. 8. e. 24.

10, Franchises of the late Abbeys revived, 32 H. 8. C 20.

11, Clerk of the Crown prohibited to ilfue Process on Inquisitions for Felons Goods, (Sc. against Lords, Sc. who have had their Charters enrolled and allowed, 4 65 3 W. IS M. e. 22.

jz. Patentees may ir.rol so much of their Charters as concerns the particular Liberties claimed, S 5 IF. sf M. C 22.

j3. Sheriffs shall upon Request name a Deputy to reside in a Franchise, 13 Geo. 2. e. 18. § 6.

14. pjeretable Jurisdictions in Scotland resumed, 20 Geo. 2. C 43. For other Matters, fe‘ftnctts I. 21tto'lucs 14. pjabcng

Cojpas 6. Ultbcvttcs, j^antomtus, julio Ettntranto,

i&lktiffs.

frank sumoi'p.

Tenures in Frank Almoign not taken away, by 12 Car. 2. 12

Car. 2. C 24. § 7.

frank pie5ge.

1. Shall be held but twice in the Year, M. C 9 H. 3, e. 33.

2. The Articles of Frank Pledge, St. VI Franc. Pleg. 18 Ed. 2.

For other Matters, see jt cct.

frailty anti frautmlcnt (Eoimgances.

1. Creditors shall have their Execution notwithstanding fraudulent Gifts of Goods, 50 H 3. e. 6,

2. An Action may be mainlined against the Pernor of the Profits of Lands, 1 R. 2. C 9. 4 H. 4. C 7. 1 X H. 6. C 3.

3. Conveyances of Land forcibly entered into to have mainte nance, void, 8 H. 6. C 9. § 3.

4. Deeds of Gift to the Use of the Donor void, 3 H. 7. e. 4.

5. Fraudulent Deeds made to avoid the Debts of others void, ' 13 El, C 5.

freitclj <25005^

6. Proviso that common Recoveries be of the same Force as if the Act had not been made, 13 El. C 5. § 4.

7. To avoid Remedy for Dilapidations made void, 13 El. C 9.

8. Fraudulent Deeds to defeat Purchasers made void, and the Penalty of setting them up, 27 EL C 4. Made perpetual by 39 EL C 18,

9. Estates of Land made by Parol without Writing signed, shall amount to Leases at Will only, except Leases for three Years, 29 Car. 2. C 3.

xo. Contradls to charge an Executor or Administrator in his own Right, or to charge one for the Debt, Sc. of another, or upon Marriage, or to be performed after a Year, mufl be in Writing, 29 Car. 2. e. 3. § 4.

11. Contradls for Goods to the Price of 101. mufl be bound by Payment of Earned, Sc. 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 17.

12. Devises of Lands fraudulent against Creditors, 3 W. IS M. '■ >4.

13. Creditor may have Action of Debt upon Bond, Sc. against the Heir at Law and Devisee jointly, 3 W. S M. C 14. § 3.

14. Penalty of fraudulent Mortgages where prior Encumbrances are concealed, 4 IV S M. C 16.

'For other Mitten, see Agreements, obfftjops 28. Cheats, ccclcgactical pcrfoits 58. Maintenance, ijqojtgage, ireceftocrs 8. Jfkgiftcv, aatxlls 8. '..

ifi*cet}ol5.

X No Man to be put out of his Freehold, without being brought to answer, 9 H. t, .JI. i. C 29. 3 Ed. r. C 24. 25 Ed. 3./.

5. e. 4. 28 Ed. 3. r. 3.

2. Nor to be compelled to answer for his Freehold without the king's Writ, 32 H. 3. C 22, 15 R. 2. C 12. 16 R. 2. C 2,

See Liberties.

ifrencij 0oo5?3 mt ^ercijansi'seg*

1. French Ships liable to 5 s. per Tonne Duty, 12 Car. 2. C 18. §17. 13 IS i^car 2. C II § 24.

2. And French Goods to 25 1. for every hundred Pounds Value,

4 IV S M. f. 5, § 2. 7^8 IV 3. e. 20.

3. French or Pearl Barley, to what Duties liable, 22 Car. 2. C 1 3- § 3-

4. A Duty on French Linen, Stuffs, Silks and Brandy, Exp. 1 Ja. 2. c.q.

5. Prohibition of importing French Goods repealed, 1 ja.z. C 6.

6. Additional Duty is not to be paid according to the Oath of the Importer, but according to the Value in the Book of Rates, 11 Geo. 1. C 7. § 3.

7. No Woollen Goods of France to be imported into any Port in the Levant Seas, 3 2 Geo. 2. C 34.

For French Brandy and Wine, see ©jandp and Sfttlie.

ifltfi) See Hue and Cry.

jfriitge.

1. Penalties on selling, exporting or importing foreign Fringe, I 3 (S 14 Car. 2, C 1 3.

2. Or importing Gold and Silver Fringe, 9 & 10 W. C 39.

10 Ann. C 26. § 66. 15 Geo. 2. C 20. § 7.

3. Exporter of Silk Fringes, what to be allowed, 8 Geo. 1. C 13. § •-

For other Matters, see m^ilttfasttvcs,

jjfrijc. See Drapery.

fruit an tftuft €rces.

1. Barking, 37 H. S. C 6. § 4.

2. Taking up, or otherwise spoiling, 43 EL C 7.

3. The

jftmsg.

ftigi'tfties.

3. The Water Measure of Fruit ascertained, 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 13.

4, Or cutting down Fruit Trees, how punished, 1 Geo. \, ft, 2.

C 48. 6 Geo. 1. C 16.

Sir other Matters, see (stvces.

ifrpfnff pang. See Iron, fuel. See Fuel.

jfusi'tftess.

1. Persons who have fled for Felony or other enormous Offence to be proclaimed by Writ out of Chancery, and to be convidt for Default of Appearance, 2 H. 5. C 9.

2. The'penalties of Persons departing the Realm without Licence, and not returning upon Proclamation, 1 3 El. C 3.

3. The Queen authorised to make Copyhold Grants, (ftc. of the Lands of Fugitives, 14 El. C 6.

4. None to pass the Seas without Licence, except, (ftc. 1 fa. 1: C 4. § 8.

'' f trtljam tbifoge. See Bridges.

f uhet's) Cactfj, fulling and Scouting Clap.

Penalties on exporting them, 12 Car. 2. C 32. 13 63" 14 Car. 2.

C 18. 9 ft 10 W. 3. C 40. 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 32.

funojs.

1. The general Fund established for making good Deficiencies,

1 Ann. ft. I. C 13. 3 Geo. 1. C 7.

2. Fund for paying off Exchequer Bills, 7 Ann. C 7. § 33.

3. Surplus of Annuity Funds may be charged with Deficiencies of another Year, 8 Ann. C 13. $ 29.

4. The Aggregate Fund, 1 Geo. 1. C 12 § 8, 15, ftc. 3 Geo. 1. C 8. Made perpetual, 5 Geo, 1, C 3. § 22.

5. The Sinking Fund. 5 Geo. 1. C 3. § 66.

6. Part of the Stock of the three Companies to be redeemed by the Sinking Fund, 7 Geo. 1. C 3. § 39.

7. Appropriation of the Sinking Fund, 8 Geo. 1. C 20. § 29.

8. The Surplufles of the Sinking Fund appropriated 9 Geo. 1. r. 5. § 34.

9. Addition to the Aggregate Fund, 1 Geo. 2. ft. 2. C 8. § 17.

10. Supply to the Aggregate Fund, 20 Geo. z. C 3. § 38..

n. For Relief of the Legatees of Sir fofeph fekjll, out of his Legacy to the Sinking Fund, 20 Geo. 2. C 34. j2. The Sinking Fund charged with Annuities in discharge of Navy Bills, ftc. 22 Geo. 2. C 23.

13. Annuities granted out of the Sinking Fund, 23 Geo. 2. C 16.

14. His Majesty may borrow Money on the Credit of the land-tax, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 136.

15. And of themait tax, 4 Geo. 3. C 1. §25.

16. Surplus of Duties on Licences and new Stamp Duties appropriated, 30 Geo. 2. C 19. §30.

17. Certain Duties carried to the Sinking Fund, 32 Geo. 2. C 22. §4

I?. Annuities granted on the Sinking Fund, and certain Annuities consolidated, 4 go. 3. C 18.

For other Matters, see jutuiuttlcs, 13cofeg 16

30, ftc. Caih'coce 4. Canales 10, u. Ccacljce 4, 8. Coals 20, ftc. Coffee 9. cugoms 71, 73, 76, ftc. deatt 3!itt5ia Company, exchequer, <£?= cife 50, 42, ftc. (Soit), ftc. 36. stops 3. 3lnbin Sootts 5, ftc. iking, ftc. j6, 74. (Ac. 3lcatl)er 38, 65v. Irincn 11, 1?, 65v. £dn3olx> tsttljnt, Sfqj) fdoff fdfficc 1, ftc. ^ailclotl) 14. Salt 26, 4-. jl)cotianti, tiffs 62, ftc. 0opc 7, 12. ^)outlj=0ea Company 26, 27, ftc. Apices 2, 4. Stamps z, ftc. ^tacci; 1, 2, ftc.

To what Duties liable on Importation, 4 IV (ft M. C 5, § 2,.

tfuftfan#*

1. Deceits in the Manufacture prohibited, 11 H. 7. C 27.

2. Mayor, ftc. may search for Fustians, 39 El. C 13.

For other Matters, see 3d?apctp, matulfartuts.

iftti'jc See Broom. jfufflcft. See Dyers.

G.

cptl0cih See Gauging.

Rogues to be sent to the Galleys, 39 El. C 4.

Same

1. No Artificer, Labourer or other Layman who has not 40sr a Year in Lands, nor Priest who is not preferred to 10/. a year, shall keep Harrier, Lurcher or Engine to destroy Gentlemens Game, 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 13.

2. Penalty of taking Pbeafants or Partridges with Nets on another's Ground, 11 H. 7. C 17.

3. Tracing Hares in the Snow prohibited, 14 (ft 1; H. 8. C 10^

4. Penalty of taking Wildfowl in Summer, 25 H. 8. C n.

5. Penalty of commanding Servants to Shoot at Game, 33 H. 8, C 6. § 5.

6. Persons having Licence to Shoot to give Security not to (hoot contrary to Licence, 33 H. S. C 6. § 18,

7. None to kill Pbeafants or Partridges in the Night, 23 E!, C 10.

8. None shall hawk or hunt in Corn Ground before it is shocked, 23 El. C 10. § 4.

9. Killing of Pheasants, Partridges, Pigeons and Hares, by Persons unqualified, and keeping of Guns and Dogs prohibited, 1 fa. 1. C 27. Amended by 2 Geo. 3. C 29.

10. Penalty of selling Deer, Hare, Partridge or Pheasant, 1 fa.

I. C 27. § 4.

11. Restraint of killing Pheasants and Partridges at unleafonable Times, and by unqualified Persons. 7 fa. 1. r. 1 1.

12. game keepers may seize Guns, Dogs, (ftc. of Persons not qualified, 22 (ft 23 Car. 2. C 25.

13. Penalty of taking Conies in a Warren, 22 Lf 23 Car. 2. C 25, §4

14. On taking Conies in the Night on the Borders of Warrens,

• • 22 (ft 23 Car. 2. C 25. §

15. The fnaring Hares prohibited, 22 (ft 23 Car 2. C 2;. § 6.

16. The Game Laws confirmed, 4 (ft 5 IV (ft M. C 23.

17. Conftablcs may by Wairant search for Game, ftc. .ft 5 IV ft M. C 23. § 3.

18. Lords and game keepers may resist Offenders in the Night, as in Parks, ftc. 465" 5 IV ft M. C 23. § 4.

19. Where Plaintiff shall recover full Coils fortrcfpafies in hunting, 4 ft 5 IV ft M. C 23. § 10.

20. Heath not to be burnt between Candlemas and Mieffnmmer,

4 ft 5 IV ft M. C 23. § 11.

21. Penalty on Higlers, ftc. having Game in their Custody,

5 Ann. C 14. § 2.. Extended to unqualified Persons, 9 ann. C 25. and explained by 28 Geo. 2. C 12.

22. On keeping Dogs, ftc. by unqualified Persons, 5 Ann. C 14.

(Efanie.

®aoi&

23. On burning Heath, Brakes, ifc. in Sherwood Fore [I, ifc. without Confentof the Owner,; Ann. C 14. § 5.

24. game keeper to be entered with Clerk of the Peace, 9 Ann. C 25. § 1.

23. game keeper to be either the lord's Servant or a qualified Person, 3 Geo. 1. C 11.

26. Penalty of taking Fowl in Moulting Season, 10 Geo. 2. C 32. § 10.

27. Penalties on the Game acts may be recovered by Action, 8 Geo. 1. e. 19. to be brought before the End of the second Term, 26 Geo. 2. C z.

28. For Preservation of thegamein Scotland, 24 G o. 2. C 34, — Penalties for selling Game by Persons qualified or not qualified to kill, 28 Geo. z. C 1 2.

29. Penalty on Officers or Soldiers destroying the Game, ^geo.^.

C 3. § 46. _

30. Farther Provisions for Preservation of the Game, 2 Geo. 3. r. 19.

3 1. Penalty of wilfully Ihooting at or destroying any House doves or Pigeons, z Geo. 3. C 29.

For other Flatters, see fflppicllticc I 3. ccttiotari 6. jdcct,

£sy. jfifl), ^fojefts, l^attius, ^jcotlnnd, Sloans, Crcfpafs 12, cmilti jfoujl,

©nmutg mid ©amfng ^otifcsh

See Plays and Games.

<£5aql3 ant) Onaletg.

1. The Justices of Assize ftiall deliver the Gaols, St. deftn. kvat. 27 Ed. 1. Jt. I. C 3.

2. Justices of Assize shall inquire of Gaolers that distress their prisoners, 1 Edo, .ft. 1. C 7.

3. Gaols shall be in the Cullody of the Sheriff, 14 Ed. 3. ft, 1.

C 10. 19 H. 7. C 10. 5 Ann. C 9.

4. Gaolers shall take no See of Persons committed on the Statutes of Labourers, 12 R. 2. C 9.

5. The king's Gaols shall be rejoined to the Counties, 13/?. 2.

5-

6- Justices of Peace shall commit to the common Gaols only, 5 II 4. C ic.

7. Gaolers shall give in their Calendars at the Gaol delivery, 3 h.7.c. 3.

8. Letters Patent of the Custody of a Gaol, of a less Estate than an Inheritance, void, 19/7.7. r. 10.

9. For the Building and Repairing of Gaols, 23 H. 8. C 2. 5

EL C 24.

30. J uflices of Peace shall tax the Parishes for Relief of Prisoners,

14 El. C 3. § 37.

11. Twenty Shillings yearly to be paid by each County for the poor Prisoners of the king's Bench and of the Marjhafea, 43 El. C 2. § 14.

12. Persons committed to Gaol shall be carried at their own Expense, or at the Expense of the Parishioners, 3 fa. j. C 10.

13. Justice of Peace may fet poor Prisoners to work, 19 Car. 2.

C 4-

j4. Sick Prisoners may be removed by the Gaoler with the con sent of three Justices, 19 Car. 2. C 4. § 2.

15. Gaolers shall permit Prisoners to have Victuals and Bedding from whence they please, 22 if 23 Car. 2. C 20. § 10. 2 go Z. C 2. § t.

16. Charities given to Prisoners shall be inquired of, 22 23

icar. 2. r. 20. § 11.

37. Tables of Fees shall be hung up in the Prisons, ibid. § 12. 2 Geo. 2,. C 22. § 4.

j R. Felons jill be kept apart from Prisoners for Debt, 22 if 23 Car. 2. C 20. § 1 3.

.19. Prisoners shall not be irregularly removed from one Prison to another, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 9, 18.

4

20. Subjects not to be sent to foreign Prisons, 31 Car. 2. C 2.

§ iz.

21. Justices to make Rates, ifc. for building and repairing Gaols, 11 if 12 IV 3, C 19. '

22. The Sheriffs shall have; the Custody of Gaels, 11 if 12 IV 3. C 19 § 3.

23. Felons shall be imnrifoned in the common Gaol, 11 if 12 IF.

3. C 19. § 3.

24. Not to ditlrain in the House of any Peer, n if 12 IF. 3. C 19. § 8.

25. For building a Gaol for the yveftern Division of Kent, 9 Geo. 2. C 12.

z6. For building a Gaol for the County of Bucks, 10 Geo. 2. C 10.

z7. Penalties on assisting Prisoners to escape, 16 Geo. 2. C 31.

z8. The Expense of conveying poor Offenders to Gaol, or the House of correction, to be paid by the Treasurer of the County, except in Middlesex, 27 Gio. 2. C 3.

29. For rebuilding the Gaol at Derby, 29 Geo. 2. C 48.

For other Matters, /rrjflcet, ftilig 3 15cncij and pjrfolts,

(jdtlol jdcttttcry* See Justices of Gaol Delivery, ®arhensf. See Orchards.

<55atc$* See Enclosures.

Rents in London how recoverable by Writ of Gavelet, Statute of Gavelet, 10 Ed. 2.

dshlmfuttfu

1. Altered in ifales, S Wall. 12 Ed. 1. in Appendix. 34 if 33 H. 8. C 26. § 128.

2. Gavelkind Lands in Kent, and Lands in Gloutefterfhire, belonging to Felons, to revert to the Heir after the Year and Day, 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. ft. 16.

3. Women for being incontinent, or marrying, lose their Dower, 17 Ed. 2. C 16.

4. Certain Lands in Kent difgavelled, 31 H. 8. C 3.

5. In Ofwell eeke Soke in nottingham/hire, 32 H. 8. C 29.

For other Matters, see Attaint 13. jrclons.

Gauging

1. All Wines brought to be sold shall be gauged by the king's

Gauger, 27 Ed. ft. 1. C 8. 31 Ed. 3.9?. 1. C 5. 1 A?, j.

f

2. Vellels of Wine, Vinegar, Oil, Honey, ifc. iha'l be gauged,

4 R. z. C 1. 18 W. 6. C 17.

3. Rbenifh Wine exempt, 14/?. 2. C 8.

4. The Contents of Pipes, Hogsheads, ifc. of Wine and Fish,

2 H. C it.

5. The Gauger shall at all Times be ready to do his Duty, 23

. H. 6, r. 1

6. The Contents of Barrels of Salmon, Herring and Eels, 22

Ed. 4. C 2.

7. The Contents of Vessels of Wine and Oil, 1 R. 3. C 13.

8. Vessels to be marked, 28 H. 8. C 14.

9. Vessels brought from beyond Sea, and used for Utterance of 1 Ale and Beer, shall be gauged, 31 E'. C 8.

10. The Wardens of the Coopers shall attend to gauge Vessels!!

Request, 23//. 8. C 4. 31 E C 8. §5.

11. Gaugers may take Samples not exceeding half a Pint, 32 Geo. 2. C 29.

For other Matters, fie sjcldcts, coopctc, jdlftillcrs, Cjctfc.

©ajette.

General Jlfne*

General Ct

<0a?cttft See London Gazette.

General ftltth. See Funds.

General 3iffitc*

1. May be pleaded by Persons acting under 43 El. concerning the

Poor, 43 El, C 2. 4 19. 21 Ja. 1, e, 12. § 3. 13 ^ 14 Car.

2. C 12. § 20.

2. Or on the Aft concerning Bankrupts, 1 Ja. 1. C 15. § 16.

3. Or the Acts concerning Fishery, 1 Ja. 1. C 23. 4 4. 9 Ann.

C 26. 4 10. 2 Geo. 2. C 19. § 16. 22 Geo. 2. 0.45. § 20.

29 Geo. 2. C 39, § 16. 33 Geo. 2. C 27. § 20.

4. Or Peace Officers, 7 Ja. 1, C 5. 21 Ja. 1. C 12,

5. Or in Suits on Penal Statutes, 21 Ja. 1. e. 4. 4 4, 5.

6. To Informations of Intrusion after 20 Years, 21 7*. k r. 14.

§ «•

7. Or again (I profane Swearing, 21 Ja. I. r. 20. § 2. 19 Geo. 2.

C 21. §11.

S, Or by Clerk of the Market, iffc. 16 Car. 1. e. 19. § 8.

9. Or by Persons executing Exife Laws, 12 Car. 2. C 23. § 35.

10 IV 3. C 21. § 2i. 10 Ann. C 26. § 76.

10. Or the Laws of Customs, 13 iff 14 Car, 2. e. 11. 4 16.

8 Geo. ie. 18. 4 26. 9 Geo. 1. C 21. § 11. 9 Gee, 2. C 35.

11. Or in Actions against Collectors of Public Money, 13 iff 14' Car. 2. C 17.

12. Or Persons executing the Aft against Importation of Cattle,

20 Car. 2. r. 7. § 8. 32 Geo. 2. e. 11. 4 z.

13. Or for rebuilding London, 22 Car. 2. r. 11. 4 83.

14. Or Highways, 22 Car. 2. C 1 2. § 3. 3 IV iff mc. iz. 4 25.

1 Geo. 1. C 52. 4 13. 5 Gee. I. C 12. §6. 8 Geo. 2. C 20.

§18. 14 Geo. 2. e. 42. § 7. 21 Gee. 2. r. 28, § 5. 26 Geo.

2. e. 30. $ 23.

15. Or the Acts concerning Drapery, 22 23 Car. 2. r. 8. § 16. 1

7 Ann. C 13. § 9. 10 e. 16. § to. I Gee. ie. 15. § 9.

11 Geo. 1. C 24. § 20. M Gee. 2, r. 28. § 15.

16. Or the Acts concerning Tobacco, 22 ij 23 Car. 2. r. 26. §.8,

1 Gee. 1. r. 46. §;.

17. Or for rebuilding Northampton, 27 Car, 2. r. I. 4 11.

18. Or concerning Burial, 3ocar. 2. ft. 1. C 3. § 11. igor the Habeas Corpus Aft, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 20.

20. Or concerning Wool, 1 IV iff M. ft. I. e. 32. § 10.

21. Or the Acts concerning Deer stealers, 3 iff 4 IV iff M. e. 1 o. § 8. s Geo. 1. e. 15. §'3.

22. Or concerning Orphans, 5 IV iff M. C jo. § 30., 21 Gee. 2. C 29. § 6.

23. Or concerning Squibs, if 10 IV 3. r. 7, 46.

24. Or the Aft concerning lmbezillers of Naval Stores, 9 iff 10 IV 3. e. 41. § 5.

25. Or Silk, 9 § 10 IV 3. r. 43, in. 8 Gee. j. C 15. § 23.

23 Geo. 2. C 20. § 5. 26 Geo. 2. r. 21. § 9.

26. Or the Aft concerning Beer and Ale, 11 £3' 12 W. 3. e. 15. § 8.

27. Or Watermen, .11 £3 12 3. e. 21. §11.

28. Or for erecting Workhouse in Worcester, 2 Ann. C 8. § 34. 4 Gee. 2. C 25. § 10.

29. Or liden, 3 Ann. C 8. $ 8. 29 Gee. 2. r, 15. § 13. 32

Gee 2. e. 32. § 10.

30. Or for preventing Fire, 6 r. 31. 46.

31. Officers of the Nayy and Army may plead the General Issue, iftc. 10 Ann. C 10. §61.

32. orperfqns acting under malt tax, I geo.\.ft. 2. C 2. § 16.

33 Geo. 2. r. 3. § 24, 33 Geo. 2. C 7. § 61. iff Jeq.

33. Or the Aft concerning Coaches, 1 Gee. 1. e. 57. § 5.

34. Or concerning Buttons, life. 4 Gee. 1. e. 7. § 7. 7 Geo. 1.

e. 12. § 6.

35. Or concerning Salt, 5 Gee. 1. e. 18. § 27. 3 Gee. 2. e. 20.

4 24*

57, Or concerning Butter, 8 Geoc\. 0.-27, § 8.

38. Or Coffee, 10 Geo. 1. e. 10. 444. 18 Gee. Z. e. 26. 4 *5*

21 G e. 1. e. 14. 4 6.

39. Or Gunpowder, 11 Geo. 1. e. 23. § 3. 4 Geo. t. C 29. $ 7'

15 Geo. 2. e. 32. § 5. 22 Gee. z. r. 38. § 8.

40. Or concerning Insurance, 11 Geo. 1. C 30. 4' 43.

41. Or for repairing Norwich, 12 Gee. I. C 15. § 15.

42. Or by those acting under the Aft concerning Dyers, 13 Gee. 1. e. 24. § 7.

43. Or concerning Canterbury, 1 Geo. 2. ft. z.c. 20. 4 38.

44. By Party sued on Contrast to induce Creditors to sign Certificate, 5 Geo. 2. C 30, 4 11-

45. Or by those acting under the Aft concerning Engraving, 8 Geo. 2. C 13. 4 3.

46. Or concerning Gaming, 10 Geo. 2. C 28. 4 8. 30 Gee. 2.

e. 24. 4 22.

4.7. To Actions for Didrefs, 11 Geo. 2. e. 19. 4 21.

48. Or the Acts concerning Spirituous Liquors or other Excise

Laws, 11 Gee. 2. C 26. 4 3- 16 Gee. 2. e. 8. 4 6. 24 G o. 2.

r. 40. § 30. 33 Gee. 2. r. 9. 4 20. 33 Gee. z. r. 28. 4 >6.

49. Or concerning Gold and Silver, 12 Gee. 2. e. 26. § 23. j5

Gee; 2. e. 20. § 10. 22 Gee. 2. C 36. § 9. 29 Gee. 2. f. H

§ I 3.

50. Or County Rates, 12 Gee. 2. r. 29. 4 24.

51. Or concerning Lotteries, 12 Gee. z.c. 28. § 12.

52. Or concerning Plantations, 12 Gee. 2. C 30. § 14. 24 Geo.

2.0.51. 4 9> 30 Gee. 2. e. 9, 4 16.

53. Or by Persons acting under the Acts for recovering small

Debts, 14 Geo. 2. C 10. §6. 22 Gee. 2. C 47. 4 >7* 23

Geo. 2. e. 27. 4 33- 23 Geo. z..c. 30. § 24. 23 Gee. 2. C 33;

4 18. .3, 2 Geo. 2. e. 6. 4 5.

54. Or the Aft concerning the Rvftia Company, 14000.2.0.36.451.

55. Or Vagrants, 17 Gee. z. e. 5. 4 34-

56. Or for repairing Pavements, ifc. 17 Gee. 2. e. 29. 4 40. 31

Gee. 2. C 17. 4 21. 33 Geo. 2. C 30. 4 32..

57. Or for Duty on Glass, iffc. 19 Gee. 2. e. 12. 4 82.

58. Or Coals, 19 Gee. 2. C 35. 4 24. 22 Geo. z. C 37. 4 2..

59. Or the Duty on Houses, iffc'. 29 Gee. z. 0. 3. 4 66.

00. Or by Persons discharged by general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. r. 52. 4 62.

61. Or those acting under the Aft concerning Indico, 21 Gee. 2, C 30. 4 18.

62. Or the Acts concerning the African Company, 23 Gee. 2,

C 31. 4 38. 25 Gee. z. C 40. 4 25.

63. By Persons acting under the Aft for regulating the Navigation of the Thames, 24 Gee. 2. C 8. 4 24.

64. Or Stamp Duty, 29 ge. 2. C 12. 4 28. 29 Gee. 2. C 13,

4 11. 30 Geo.'2. C 19. § 74- ' 32 Gee. 2. C 35. 4 23.

65. Or the Aft concerning Juries, 29 Gee. 2. C 19. §4.

66. Or the Aft for appointing Coriflables in Westminster, 29 Ceo.

2. e. 25. 4 19-

67. Or under the Aft for preventing the dealing Iron, iff, 9 Geo. 2, C 30. 4'10.

68. Or concerning Bridges, 29 Gee. 2. C 40. 4 43- 3* Gee. 2.

C 20. 4 8.,

69. Or Militia Aft, 30 Gee. 2. C 25. 4 72. if sequent.

70. Or for holding Corn Market at Westminster, 31 Geo. 2. f. 2j, 4 29.

71. Or the Aft concerning Bread, 31 Geo. 2. C 29. 4 40, 41.

72. Or the Aft concerning Hay, 3 1 Gee. z. C 40. 4 19.

73. Or the Aft laying Duty on Office?, iffc. 31 Geo. 2. f. 22t

4 3 • • '

74. Or concerning Balladage, isc. 32 Geo. 2. C 16. 4 29.

75. Or concerning Turley Company, 32 Geo. 2. C 34. 4 15,.

76. Or the Land Tax, 4 Gee. 3. e. 2. 4 36.

77. Or under Insolvent Aft, • 1geo. 3. e. 17. 4 28.

78. Or the Mutiny Acts, 4 Geo. 3. e. 2. 4 6°,

<£eo&ta fit America.

Its Colony established, 6 Geo. 2. C 25. 4 7,

36. Or concerning Cbelfea Waterworks, 8 Gee. ie. 26. 4 12. Vol. IX Tab.

(Slolieg.

60iu Turn

Germany See Customs.

^fgrnihg

Not to be used for making of Cloth, 5 £jf 6 Ed, 6. C 22.

See Gold.

(suilffct. See Spicery.

<2pi'ctiler£?.

May make their Girdles with white Metal, 15 R. 2, C 11,

<0iama20anfl)ire*

Commissioners of Sewers there, r ma.fejf. 3. C 11.

d^lafffotu.

1, A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 1 Geo. 1. C 44. 9

Geo. 2. C 31. 28 Geo. 2. C 29. ' • •

2. Damage in a Riot there to be made good, 12 Geo. 1. c.'27.

late

1. To what Duties liable, 2 W. 13 m.ftftf. 2. C 4. $ 34. 6 y 7

W. 3. e. 18. 7 13 8 W. 3. C 31. §; 1.

2. The Duty upon Earthen Ware, and half the Duty upon Glass taken away, 9 13 10 W. 3. C 45.

3. The remaining Duty on Glass taken away, 10 13 11 TV. 3. C is.

4. A Duty of Excise upon Glass, 19 Geo. 2. C 12.

5. No foreign Glass to be imported into Ireland, 19 Geo. 2. C 12.

§ '9-

6. Penalty of exporting Glass from Ireland, 19 Geo. 2. C 12.

§ 21. •.

7. Duty on Exportation, 13c. 19 Geo. 2. C 12. § 16. £3* sequent.

For other Matter, see l3c<tt>s.,

®!cberlanu£. See Vicar.

dplentiotoec.

Several Restraints and Disabilities laid on the iveljh of the Party of Owen Glendonjjer, 4 H. 4. C .25, 13c.

(Sloucetter anu dslottccftetfljfte.

1, The Statute of Gloucester and its Exposition, 6 Ed. 1, Jl. 1,

13 2.

1. The Custom that the Lands of Felons shall be restored to the Heir after one Year and a Day. 17 Ed. 2, Jl. 1. C 16.

3. Forrebuilding the Town, 27 H. 8. C 1.

4. The Poor in Gioucefterjhire provided for, 13 Geo. 1. C 19.

5. For supplying the City with Water, 14 Geo. 2. C 11.

b, For enlarging the Streets and Market Places, 23 Geo. 2. C 15.

... <sl0l3cs).

Frames for knitting of Gloves not to be exported, 7 (3 8 TV. 3. C 20. § 8. * •

boat's! Jpafr.

To what Duties liable, 4 IV 13 M. C 5.

claiming fit Surwp*

Its Inhabitants may use Trades and take Apprentices in the same Manner as those of Market towns, 5 El. C 4. § 44.

<dold null ©tlticfj aim ©oiufmftfj#*

1. Goldsmiths shall make their Work of due Standard, and shall be ordered as the Goldsmiths of Louder., Artie, super Chart. 28 Ed. ]. C 20.

2. Gold and Silver shall not be carried out of the Realm, q Ed. 3.

ft. 2. C t. 38 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 2. 3 R, 2. ft. j. C 2. z 11. 6.

C 6. 17 Ed. 4. C 1. 4 H. 7. C 23. 3 H. 8. C 1.

3. Goldsmiths Work shall be essayed andmarkedj 37 Ed. 3. r. 7,

2 //. 6. C 14. 17 4. C 1.

4. None that make white Plate shall gild, 37 Ed. 3. C 7.

5. Exchanges of Money out of the Realm not to be made without, the king's Licence, 5 R. 2. ft. 1. C 2.

6. Multiplication of Gold and Silver, Felony, 5 H. 4. < .4. Repealed, 1 W. 13 M. C 30.

7. Gilding or silvering Copper or Laton prohibited, 3 H. 4;

C 13-

8. Silver gilt shall be goad Allay, and shall be sold at 46 s; 8d. the Pound Troy, 2 H. 5. ft. 2. C 4.

9. No Metal shall be gilt but Silver, ic. nor anything lilvered

but Knights Spurs, (3c. 8 H. 5. C 3. 17 Ed. 4. C 1.

10. The Price of Silver limited, for the Increase of Money, 2

11. 6. e. 13...

11. Silver Plate shall be as fine as the Sterling, 2 H. 6. C 14.

12. The Goldsmiths of London to have the Rule and Search of all Goldsmiths within two Miles of their City, 17 Ed. 4. C 1.

13. Foreign Goldsmiths shall dwell in open Streets in the City,

17 Ed. 4. C 1.

14. Refiners shall sell to none but Officers of the Mint and Goldsmiths, 4 If. 7. C 2.

15. Shall sell no Silver into Mass melted and allayed, 4 H. 7.

e. 2. ' ■

16. Silver shall bear 1 2 Penny Weight Allay in a Pound, 4 H.

7. r. 2.,

17. Deceit in Gold Lace of Venice, Florence or Genoa prohibited, 4 H. 7. C 22.

18. goid.or Silver not to be paid to Foreigners, 4 H. 7. C 23.

19. Goldsmiths shall mark their Work, and keep the Standard, i, C 15.

20. Foreign Coin and Bullion may be exported free, 15 Car. 2. c.7.§iz

21. Gold and Silver extradled from Metals to be sent to the Mint,

1 IV (3 m.ft. 1. C 30. § 3.

22. Penalty of calling Ingots like the Spanish, 613 7 TV. 3. C 17.

• § 3* •

23. Officers of Culloms may seize Bullion if Ihipped unllamped,

■ 6 13 7 TV. 3. C 17. § 6.

I 24. Penalty on Broker selling Bullion, not being a trading gold smith, 13c. 6 13 7 TV. 3. C 17. § 7.

25. Wardens of the Goldsmiths may search for Bullion, t3c. 6 13 7 W. 3. C 17. § 8.

26. If Offender cannot prove Bullion to be lawful Silver, by the Oath of one Witness, he shall be found guilty, 6 13 7 IV 3.

27. Bullion mull be {lamped at Goldsmiths Hall before Exportation, 6 13 7 TV. 3. C 17. § 5. 7 £3" 8 TV. 3. C 19. § 6.

28. Public-houses prohibited to ufc Plate, 7 13 8 IV 3. C 19.

§ 3-

29. Bullion not to be exported without Certificate, 7 13 8 TV. 3.

C 19. § 6. *

30. The new Standard of Silver cllablilhed, 8 TV. 3. C 8. § 9.

31. Silver Manufactures may be exported, 9 t3 10 IV 3. C 28.

32. The Proportion of Gold in gilt Wire, and the Goodness of Gold and Silver Thread regulated, 9 13 10 TV. 3. C 39.

33. Deceits in Gold and Silver Thread prohibited, 9 13 to TV, 3.

C 39. t ann.ft. 1. C 17. 15 Geo, 2. C 20.

34. Assayers of wrought Plate to be appointed in York, .Exeter,

Bristol, Cheftcr and Norwich, 12 13 13 W, 3. C 4. And at Nenucaftle, 1 Ann. ft. I. 9.

35. A Duty

ecio emu swtietr.

®oo& 0$t&a&four«

Ggeenlauti.

35. A Duty on gilt and Silver Wire imported, to Ann. C 26.

§ 46.

36. Made perpetual and part of General Fund, 3 Geo. I. C 7.

37. Duty on Silver Wire made in Great Britain, 10 Ann. C 26.

§ 46. -

38. Importation of Gold and Silver Lace, Fringe and Wire,

prohibited, 10 Ann. C 26. § 66. 1 5 Geo. 2. C 20. § 7.

39. Cods to Prosecutor, 10 Ann. C 26. §66.

40. A Drawback on Gold and Silver Thread exported, 10 Ann. C 26. § 62.

41. The old Standard restored, 6 Geo. 1. C 11. § 1, 41, Penalty on not keeping the Standard, 12 Geo. 2. C 26.

42. A Duty on Silver Plate, 6 Geo. 1. C ti. §4.

43. Repealed by 31 Geo. 2. C 32.

44. Small Pieces of Silver exempt from the Duty, 7 Geo. I. C 20. § 34.

4j. Penalty on selling Gold and Silver Wares not marked, 12 Geo. 2. r. 26. § 5..

46. Penalty on counterfeiting the Marks, 12 Geo. 2. C 26. § 8.

47. Notes to be sent with Plate to be marked, 12 Geo. 2. C 26.

§9 {

48. Drawback not to be allowed on Plate above seven Years old,

12 Geo. 2. C 26. § 10. • '

49- Regulations of the Assay office, 12 Geo. 2. C 26. § 13, (Ac. 50. Importation of Gold or Silver Lace or Thread, or of Copper Lace or Thread, prohibited, 15 Geo. 2. C 20. § 7. ji. Importation and making up of Gold and Silver Lace, Embroidery, Brocade, (Ac, prohibited, 22 Geo. 2. C 36.

42. A Tax laid on Persons possessed of Silver Plate, 29 Geo, '2. C 14.

53. Church Plate exempt, 29 Geo. 2. C 14. §9.

54. No Drawback on Exportation, 31 Geo. 2. C 32. § 9.

55. Duty on Plate repealed, and in lieu thereof a Duty of 40/. on Licences, 31 Geo. 2. C 32. § 2, Forging the Stamp Death, ibid. § I J

56. This Duty altered by 32 Geo. 2. C 24. § 3.

57. No Licence necessary for small Wares, 32 Geo. 2. C 24.

Far other Matters, see hbjiftol 1. •ji&jobcrs 24. jrclomcs

toftljout Clcrgp, pities, fl^onepj dpelnwftlc 6. t 24. 'Curfecp Company 2. -

See Gold;

©oou omjafcfottr.'

1. Sureties of Good Behaviour may be required of Persons convicted of disturbing Divine Service, 1 m.ji. 2. C 3. § 6.

2. Or offending against Game Laws, $ El. C 21. § 2, 3. 22 (A

23 Car. 2. C 25. § 4.

-3.. Or entertaining outlawed Felons, 43 Eh C 13. § 5,

4. Of Persons infected with Plague going abroad, though no Sore on them, ' 1 Ja. I. C 31. § 7.

5. Or unlawfully hunting in Parks, 3 Ja. I. C 13. § 2. 5 Geo. 1.

r. 15. § 4.

6. Or convicted a second Time of Drunkenness, 4 Ja. 1. C 5.

§ 6. 21 Ja. 1. r. 7. § 3.

7. Or refusing to take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance,

I W. (A m.ji. ic. 8. §9.

8. Or of Felons after Pardon, 5 W. (A M. C 13. § 2.

9. Of Persons unlawfully Gaming, 9 Ann. C 14. § 6...

10. Or committing Difordersin Dock Yards, 1 Geo. 1. C 25. § 2.

11. Or destroying .Timber, 1. Geo. 1, C 48. § 3;.

iz. Cr forcing through Turnpikes, 8 Geo. 2. C 20. § m.

13. Or pretending to Witchcraft, 9 Gee. id 5. § 4.

14. Or assisting in running Goods, 9 Geo. 2. C 35. §.19..

<6?aftcu.

The Honour of Grafton, how ellablilhed, 33 H. 8. C 38.

anu ©etjeanty*

Plough far taken away, 12 Car. 2. e. 24. § 7.

See Leases.

Mantis of tfje foiitff.

1. Leases of small Farms may be made by Persons ailigried by the King, St. de Scae. 51 H. 3. Jt. J. § 5.

2. His Prerogative that Advowfons do not pass with a Minor, Preerog. Reg, 17 Ed. 2. ft. I. C 15.

3. Certain Grants of Annuities made void, 11 R. 2. C 8.

4. In a Petition for a Grant of Lands, Mention shall be made of the Value, 1 H. 4. C 6. And of what the Petitioner has re

■ before, 2 H. 4. C 2, The Queen and Royal Family excepted, 6 H. 4. C 2.

5. No undue Grants to be made, 4 H. 4. C 4.

6. Annuities granted by the Crown to be paid according to their Priority, 7 H. 4. C 16.

7. Confirmation of Grants, 1 Ed. 4. e. 1. 7 Ed. 4. C 4. 7 Ed.

6. C 3. A 5 P. (A M. CI 18 El. C 2. 43 El. C 1.

8. Grantees of Lands, (Ac. that came to the Crown by Attainder, shall hold them in the same Manner as if there had been no Attainder, 7 Ed, 4. C

9. Where the King hath granted during Pleasure, a second Grant not mentioning the former shall be void, 6 H. 8, C 15.

10. Grants of King Henry VIII of Abbey Lands, (Ac. confirmed, 35 El. C 3.

it. The king's Grantee shall not forfeit for nonpayment of Rent, where the Rent has been answered before Process issued, 21 Ja. 1.' £-, '25.

12. Grants of Felons Goods how to be enrolled, 4 (A 5 IV (A M.

. C 22. § 1.

13. The Crown retrained from granting Lands except for 31 Years, (Ac. 1 Ann. ft. 1, C 7. § 3.

14. Forfeited Estates excepted, 1 Anr. Jl. 1. C 7. §8.

For other Matters see jliquifitjott and patents.

To be compelled to sell at reasonable Prices, 25 H, 8, C I,

. See jfarmets. (Ac.

!,

• <3?afocfcnti.

Not within 4 Ann. concerning Watermen, 4 Ann. C 13. § 4,

For other Matters, see cljuttljcg.

<d?eat <©eal. See Seal.,

©efitou£ in Hale. See Wales.

What it is, and the Punishment of Offences in green hue, con suet. et Afff. forejl. incerti temp, in Appendix.'

<5?eenlanu.

1. Encouragements given to the Greenland Trade, 23 Car. 2. C 7. 4 (A; W': (A M. C 17. 7 (A 8 IV 3. C 33. io(an

: If'. 3. C 25. I Ann. ft. 1 ..£\ 16. 10 Geo. 1. C 16. 12 Geo.

ic. 26. §7. 5 Geo. 2. C 28. Continued by 4 Gto. 3.. C 22.

2. Exempt from, the, new Subsidy, 19 W, 3. C 25. § 17,,

3. Harpooneers, (Ac. free from .being impressed, I Ann. ft. 1.

, C i6i‘§:, 2. rxb.geo. 2. e. 28.' § 5., • •.

4. Bounty to ships.fitted for the Whale Fishery, 6 Geo. 2. C 33.

•• 28 Geo. 2, C 20. f. i V; • - r., •,,

Additional Bounty during the War, 13.geo. 2. C 28. § 3.

L 2 ' 6. Greenland

d^cenfofc!) ^ofpftal. ^occty. dtopofouer.

6. Greenland Sailors not to lie impressed, Hid.

7. A second County of 2qi. per Tonne given, 22 Geo. 2. C 45. -28 Geo. 2. C 20,

8. No larger Bounty than for 400 Tonnes, 28 Geo. 2. C 20. § 6.

9. Every bhip employed in the Fishery, to have one Apprentice for every 50 Tonnes Burden, 28 g10. 2. C 20. § 5.

10. Bounty may be enrured. 28 Geo. 2. C 20. § 12. '

For other Matters, see jfifl) and cclljalcc,

<^eeitocfc.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 24 Geo, 2. C 38.

«3?eeii*khajc.

1. The Nantes of Persons paying Debts exacted by it, to be in rolled, 27 Ed. \. ft. 1. C 2.

2. The Ellreats shall be sued to the Party charged, and what is

paid.shall be totted, 42 Ed. 3. C 9. 7 H. 4. C 3.

3. Its Process to be awarded on Eftreats of Fines, c2'c. 22 & 23 Car. 2. C 22. § 10.

<5?ecutm'c0 $ofpttai.

1. A Duty of 6d. a Month to be paid by every Seaman, 7 & 8

IF. 3. r. 2 1. § 10. 8 if g IF. 3. C 23. 10 Ann. C 17.

2. The King authorised to grant Land to the Use of Greenwich Hofpiral, 12 if 13 IV 3. C 13.

3. All Seamen disabled in Sea service, ifc. capable of being admitted, 2fif 3 Ann. C 6. § 19.

4. rl he Crown enabled to dispose of certain Sums to the Use of

Greenwich Hospital, 4 Ann. C 12. § 14. 1 Gee. 2. ft. 2. C 9.

§ 9. 6 Geo. 2. C 25. § 10. 27 Geo. 2. C 10. § 7. 28 Geo.

2. C 22. § 14 29 Geo. 2. C 29. § 8. 30 Geo. 2. C 26. § 9.

5. Shares of Prize Money not claimed, given to the Hospital,

6 Ann. C 13. § 11. 10 Ann. C 17. § 9. 13 Geo. 2. C 4. § 11, 1

if 16.

6. Seamen wounded in Defence of Merchant Ships, may be admitted, 10 Ann. C 17. § 20.

7. For enforcing the Payment of 6d. per Month, 2 Geo. 2. C 7.

and r. 36. § 10. 20 Geo. 2. C 38. § 17.

8. Seamen in Jersey, Guernsey, C and the Plantations to pay 2 Geo. 2. C 7.

9. Rents of the Derwentwater Estate applied to the Use of the

Hospital, 8 Geo. 2. C 29. 11 Geo. 2. C 30. 22geo, 2. C 52.

jo. Provisions for securing the Payment of the 6 d. per Month from Privateers, 1 8 Geo. 2, C 31.

11. Regulations for securing Prize Money belonging to the Hospital, 20 Geo. 2. C 24.

1-2. Penalties on Pensioners or Servants pawning Clothes or imbe zilling Stores, 20 Geo. 2. C 24. § 16, 17.

43. The Governors enabled to purchase Lands for completing the Building, 25 Geo. 2, e. 42.

14. The Governors empowered to grant Out pensions to decrepit Seamen, 3 Gra. 3, C 16.

For other Matters, see 31t)tttiraltp 12. cf)ul'cl)cs 7, eftc.

©uentfcp, C 5. inertings 12, ifc. ^ijes 13, 29,

ifc. ^camett, gdp'pjs 69, ifc.

<0?ocei: y ©hates.'

1. Raisins, Figs, Prunes and Currans, in what Ships to be imported, and in what Cases to be deemed Aliens Goods, 12 Car. 2, c.ti. § 8, 9.

2. No Grocery to be imported from the Netherlands or Germany, 13 y 14 Gar. 2. e. 1 1. § 23.

3. What Grocery Wares imported shall pay ten Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value, 2 W. if M. fess. 2. e. 4. § 12, 13.

4. Raisins imported to pay but five Pounds, and Currans fifty

Shillings for every hundred Pounds Value, 4^5 IF. if m. C 5. § 10.;

5. Currans imported in Enp lists or Venetian Shipping, how exempt

from Payment of thesubfidy granted by 3 if 4 Ann, e. 3. 41. 4 Ann. r. 6. § 3. 8 Ann. C 1 3. § 21.

6. Every hundred Weight of Raisins imported pays five Shillings,

8 Ann. e. 7. § 6.

7. Importers of Raisins what Time to have for Payment of Duties, and what Allowance for prompt Payment, 8 Ann. C 7. §12-

■8. Landing Raisins without Entry, or unfhipping with adefign to land them before Payment of Duties, what to forfeit, 8 Ann, e. 7. §.14, 17.

9. Duties in what Cases to be repaid on Exportation, % Ann. C 7, §1;.

10. And how to be levied, 8 Ann. C 7. § 16.

For other Matters, see d&ptcc.

<5uatmait.

1. Guardian in Socage shall keep the Land without Damage, and account for the Profits, and have his Coils, 52 H. 3. C 17.

2. The Power of Parents to appoint Guardians by Will, ia C 12 Car. 2. e. 24. .§ 8, 9, 10. 11.

For other Matters, see eceoultt, ifc. 2. 3tuueacutetlictu

of jdotocr, ifc. 1. Copt boll's 6. $ecufants 30, tec. csiarnttnib chomcn 3.

^uernfep, 3!erfey, aimney anti 0ntlt.

1. Provisions relating to the exporting of Wool ftom'sout/samptoit to these Iflarids, 12 Car. 2. C 32. § 12, 13, 14. 1 W. if M. fess. I, C 32. § 14.

2. Spirits brought from thence charged with the Excise, 2 IF. if

M. fess. 2. C 9, % I 2. 4 Ann. C 6. § 34.

3. Goods of their own Growth may be imported Duty free, 3 Geo. 1. C 4. §;.

4. Salt imported from thence to pay as foreign, 5 Geer. 1. C 18.

§ I

5. Their Vessels how made liable to the Payment of Sixpence a Month to Greenwich Hospital, 2 Geo. 2. e. 7.

For other Matters, see ®>jecul»ttl) l?ofptwl 8. |?<lbea» Cojpujj 7. 3!iu)ia (£>0050 r8, filing, ifc. 41. slano hnje4i. ^erebants 3°. i^crfonal €ftatcs, pollute 67, 68, ifc. sjngrants 21. cciool 39, ifc.

tufts aim ifratanitieg.

How given to the King, 1 Ed. 6. C 14. $ 9, io, 11.

<0umea Company.

Traders therein not liable to Bankruptcy, 13 is' 14 Car. 2. C 24.

§ 3-

<0ufneas anti ij)a!f '<0umea&

May be imported, ‘8 TV. 3. C 1.

<3tinpotuucr*

1. The importing of Salt Petre, and making of Gunpowder shall be free, 16 Car. i. C 21.

2. May be exported when it dues not exceed 51. the Barrel, 12 Car. 2. C 4. § M.

3. His Majesty may prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder,

Arms and Ammunition, 12 Car. 2. C 4. §■ 12. 29 Geo. 2-

e. 16.

4. Gunpowder and Arms not to be imported without Licence, 1

Ja. z. C 8.

5. Monopoly of making Gunpowder, or obtaining Licence to import Powder or Arms for Profit, to incur a Premunire, 1 Ja.

2. C 8.

16. For importation of Salt Petre for one Year, 5 TV, its M. e. 16.

7. Fireworks prohibited, gift to IF. 3. C 7.

8, Gun

i

€fimpotd5e^ $at>ea$

8. Gunpowder exceeding 600 lb, Weight not to be kept in one Place in London, 5 Geo. 1. C zb. Retrained to 200 lb. u Geo. X C 23.

9. Not above 2000 lb. Weight to be carried at one Time in London, 5 Geo. 1, C 26. § 4,

10. Warehouses to be appointed for keeping Gunpowder, 5 Geo. 1. C 26. § 8,

11. Premium on exporting British Gunpowder, 4 Geo. 2. C 29.

12. Bounty to be abated if Duties on Salt Petre cease, 4 Geo. 2. C 29. J.

j3, Gunpowder not to be put on board any Ships in the Thames above Blackball, 5 Geo, 2. C 20. § 2, 3.

14. Penalty on keeping more than 50 or 200 Pounds of Gunpowder Hours in London, 15 Geo, 2, C 32.

15. Penalty on permitting others to lodge Gunpowder in their houses, C 15 Geo. 2: C 32. § 3;

16. On keeping above 400 lb. near any Market town, or above 3000 in an unlicensed Place, 22 Geo. 2. C 38.

17. Precautions for the carrying of Gunpowder, 22 Geo. 2. C 38.

§3. '

18. The Sessions to appoint Places for keeping Gunpowder, 22

Gto. 2. C 38. § 6.

19. Gunpowder, Ifc. shipped after Prohibition forfeited, 29 Geo, 2. C 16. § 2.

20. Allowance on Exportation of Gunpowder continued to 29th September 1771, 4 Geo. 3. c.'n.

For other Matters', see ait %5ett£, ja>l)t{)£ 71, C

<0unpofohet Creafon.

How to be commemorated, 3 Ja. \, CI

How far within the Statutes relating to Soldiers, 18 H. 6. e. 19. 5 FJ. C 5. § 27, _

For other Matters, see isoltliets.

gut See Arms.

(eippftcsh See Egyptian.

(c&omag.)

His Executors how incorporated for the Management of his charities, 11 Geo. 1. C 12.

H.

habeas! Coltish

1. Not to discharge a Prisoner from Execution, 2 H. ft. 1, e. 2.

2. Must be signed by a Judge, 1 & z PM. r. 13. § 7.

3. Shall be granted for Persons imprisoned on Pretence of Prerogative, 16 Car. 1. C 1 o. § 8.

4. Shall be granted for all Persons not committed for Treason or Felony, 31 Car. 2. C 2,

5. The Penalty of disobeying the Writ, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 3.

6. May be directed into Counties Palatine, Cinque Ports or other privileged Places, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 11.

7. No Subject to be sent Prisoner into Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey or beyond Sea, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 12. Except they have committed capital Offences there, ibid. § 16.

£. Writing or counterfeiting Warrant for such Commitment incur a Premunire, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 12.

9. To give no Benefit to Persons contradling to be transported, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 13,

10. Persons convicted of Felony may be transported, 31 Car, 2. C 2. § 14.

cdojptisf* ^arboutg.

1 r, No Removal by Habeas Corpus during the Assizes, 31 Car. 2, C 2. § t8.

12. Acceffarie5 to Felony not within theadl, 31 Car. 2.0.2, §21*

13. Temporary Power given to the Crown to apprehend and detain suspected Persons, 1 W. id M, C 2. Cf C 7. & C 19, 7

bf 8, K 3. r. IX

For Other Matters, see otertiojan, cojtlus ftutt taucil,

jatljctiffs.

^ncftitep (Ojafta anu Coadjeg.

See Coaches and Chairs.

jpatihenfjam jlflwf. See Marshes.

ml eijot

Repeal of 2 dsf 3 Ed. 6. against fhooling with Hail Shot, 6 If 7 IV 3. C 13.

Jpait pold&sj, *. See Powder and Starch.

. jpalf pap

1. What Persons arc entitled to receive half-pay, 4 Geo. 1. C 3. § 18.

2. Rules for applying half-pay, 32 Geo. 2. C 18. § 19, 25.

For other Matters, see ^oltn'ets.

Provlfions for buying and selling of Wool there, 2 If 3 P. & M. C 13.

ipalfteeti tit

Misdemeanours of its Spinners how punished, 7 Ja. 1, C 7.

^ampfteafc

How taxable, 4 Geo, 3. C 2, § 54.

rpamptott Coutt.

Made an Honour, Ifc. 31 //. 8. C 5.

Jpattaper.

A Stamp duty continued for making good the Revenue of the

Hanaper, 23 Geo. 2, C 25.

^anm'craft0. See Aliens, Artificers, Manufactures, Trade.

rpanotcr.

The Precedence of the Hanover Family, 10 Ann. C 4.

For other Matters, see &incj, dv.

ipatifce*

The Privileges of the Merchants of the Hanfee confirmed, 19 IT, pc. 23.

arbour

r. The Penalties of doing Nuisance to Harbouis, 34 & 3, 5 H. 8. 9*

2. Penalty of throwing Ballalt, ife, out of Ships in Harbour, ffc. 19 Geo. 2. C 22.

3. Ships llranded in Harbours, Uc, to be removed by the Justices, 19 Geo. 2. e. 22, § 3.

4. For the Repair of Arundel Post, 6 Geo. 2. CL 2.

5. For repairing Bridport Harbour, 8 Geo. 1. C Ur

6. For

^atufcerjs;

6. For the Repair of 'Burlington Pier, 8 y 9 If'. 3. C 29. 3 go.

1. C to. 26 Grj. 2. r. 10.

7. Nunanees from the Tin works to the Harbours in Devtmjhire and (i'llnautili prohibited, 23 H. 8. C to. 27 77. 8. r. 23.

8. A Duty on Sh p.s.. for the Repair of Dover Haven, 23 £/. r. 6.

31 El. C 13. 35 EL C 7. § 28. 43 £/. r. 9 § 33. I Ja. 1. r. 32. 13 y 14 Cnr. 2. C 27. r 1 y 12 L 3. C 5. z fif

3 C 7. 9 Grp. 1. C 30. 10 Grit. 1. C 7. M Grit, 2.

< 7

9. For repairing the Harbour of Elhnfoot, 22 Grit, 2. C 6. 29

Geo. 2. C 57.'

10. For repairing the Pier of Ilfirdcombe, 4 Grit. 2. C 19.

<! 1. For improving the Harbour of Leith, 27 Geo. z. r. 8,

12. For'the Repair of z.tr»e Harbour, 3; £/. C 7. ■§ 29.

13. For making a Basin at Liverpoole, S Ann. C 12. 11 Gro.

2. r. 32.

14. For repairing the Piers of Margate, 11 Geo. 1. C 3.

's5. For recovering the Harbour of Minehcad, 12 fs' 13 W. 3. C 9. 10 Ann. C 24. It Gro. 2. r. 8.

16. For repairing Newhaven in Suffix, 4 Gro. 2. C 17.

17. Fcr pulling down Piles and Fifhgarths in the Ouze and Humber, 23/7.8.0.18.

13. Parton Harbour in Cumberland, ^ Ann. C 18. 11 Gro. I.

C 16. 5 Gro. 2. r. 13.,

19. For preserving the Harbour of Catnuater, neat Plymouth, 8

Aiv'. C 8.

20. 'For improving the Harbour of Pool, and ascertaining the Harbour Duties there, 29 Gro. 2. C 10.

e 1. For enlarging Ramfgute Harbour, and repairing Sandwich, 2z Gro. 2. C 40.

: 22. For the laying of'ballad at/jyrand Winchelfea, 2 y 3 Ed. 6.

C 30.

23. For repairing the Harbour of Rye, 7 Gro. 1. C 9. 9 Gro. 1.

C 30. 10 Gro. 1. r. 7, 11 Geo. 2. r. 7.

.24. For the Repair of Scarborough Pier, 37 ff. 8. r. 14, 3 Gro. 2. r. 1 I. zj Gee. 2. r. 44.

25. Wears and Engines in the Haven of Southampton may be

pulled down, 11 /7. 7. C 5. 14 y 15 H. 8. C 13-

26. For Repair of Southvjold Harbour, to Geo. 2. C 14. 30

jgeo. 2. C 38.

27. For improving Sunderland Harbour, 13 .Gro. 1. C 6. 20 Gro.

2. r. 18.

28. For the Harbour of Watchett. 7 Gro. 1. r. 14.

29. For preserving Weymouth Harbour, 22 Gee. z, r. 22.

30. For the Repair of Whitby Harbour, t ann.jl. 2. r. 19. 7

Geo. 1. C 16. '8 Gro. 2. r. 10. 23 Gro. 2. r. 39.

31. For improving the Harbour of'whitehaven, 13 Geo. 2. C 14.

32. For repairing of Yarmouth Haven, 22 Car. 2. C 2. 29 Gar,

2. r. 10. L Ja. 2. r. 16. 1 W. & M. e. 11. ro y 11 fl

3. r. 5. I ann.jl. 2. r. 7. 9 Gro. I. e. to. 20 Gro. z. r. 40.

23 Gro. 2. r. 6.

For other Matters, see ©allaftj ccttidiatt 30. iiclkaftlc

2.

tyre. See Game.

Sparneft pint.

To what Duties liable, 2 ff y M feffi. 2. C 4. § 27.

spattieft

How far exempted from 3 El. concerning Labourers, and 13 13 14 Car. 2., concerning the Removal of poor Persons, 5 EL C 4. § 23. 13 y 14 Crtr. 2. C 12. § 3. -

smiiriclj..

Provisions for its ‘fortifications', 7 Ann. C 26. S Ann. C 21.

anti €nps.

1. Shall be fulled by Hand and not in a Mill, 22 Ed. 4. e. 3.

2. The Price of them limited, 4 //. 7. r. 9. 3 /7. 8. r. 1 3. 21 77. 8. r. 9. 1 m.jl. 2. C 11.

3. Hatters may buy Middle Woof Yarn, 1 Ed. 6. C 6. § 4.

4. Regulations of the Trade of making Hats, do. necks and Coverlets in Norfolk, 5 y 6 Ed. 6. C 24.

5. Engrossing Hats, ifc. prohibited, 1 M. Jl. 2. C n.

6. Directions for the making of Hats and Caps, 3 y 4 £</. 6. r. 2. § 5. 8 EL C 11.

7. None to make Hats who have not been Apprentices, 8 EL C 11. § 2.

8. Persons obliged to wear Woollen Caps on the Sundays made in England, 137s/. CL 19. Repealed, 39 El. C 18. § 45.

9. Directions for the true making of Hats and Felts, I Ja. i. C 17.

10. How many Apprentices a Hatter may take, 7 Ja. 1. C 17. § 3-

11. No Aliens to be Hatters, 1 Ja. 1. e. 17. §4.

12. Hats and Caps may be exported Duty free, 11 f 12 IF. 3. C 20. § 1.

13. No Hats or Felts to be exported from the Plantations, 5 Geo.

2. C 22.

14. Hatters in the Plantations to have but two Apprentices, and not to employ Negroes, ' q Geo. 2. C 22. § 7 y 8.

For other Matters, see £^anufaiiutc0,

ipatjcllg See Harbours.

Made a Borough and County, 33 fft 34/7.8. e. 26. § ill y 124.

rpafofterg nun Peaim#.

1. To be licensed and pay a Duty, 8 y 9 W. 3. C 23. 9 y 10

W. 3. C 27.

2. These Duties made perpetual, and part of the Aggregate Fund,

3 Ann. C 4. 7 Ann. C 7. 1 Gee. I. C 12.

3. Penalty of forging Licence, gy 10 W. 3. C 27. § 3.

4. This Act not to hinder Persons selling Goods in Fairs and Markets, 9 y 10 W. 3. C 27. § iz.. -

3. Wholesale Traders in the Woollen and Linen Manufactures, not deemed Hawkers, 2 y 3 -/*». e. 4. § 14/

6. Penalty on Hawker not having his Licence ready, or lending it, 3 y 4 Ann. C 4. § 4.

7. wholefale.xraders.in Linen and Woollen not to be deemed Hawkers, 3!/ 4 Ann. C 4. § 14.

8. Hawkers of undamped News papers to be sent to the House of Correction, 16 Geo. 2. e. 26. § 5.

For other Matters, see tsrtswtutt f llgjattbp 28, 38. d&jillc,

lijafofcg.

1. He that finds a Hawk shall deliver it to the Sheriff to bekept, 34 £7. 3'.v.22.

2. Stealing a Hawk Felony, 37 Ed. 3. e. 19.

3. The taking of Hawks Eggs prohibited, 11 77, 7. C 17. 5 El.

V 2t.§3.

4. Taking the king's Hawks or Eggs, made Felony, 31 h.ft.

c■ 1 2.

3. Taking the Eggs or Birds of Hawks, made Felony, 32 H. 8. C 11.

6. Taking Hawks or their Eggs, to be punished by Imprifan

ment, 5 EL C 21. § 3. ...

7. Penalty of 40 s. on hawking in Handing Corn, 23 EL C 10.

§4..

8. Licences to kill Hawks Meat, 1 Ja. e. 27. § 7.

4.

Surety.

^mfngg.

Urffffitoajjs.

ipap.

1. Of what Weight a Truss ought to be, 2 11. if M, Jeff. z. C 8, §; 16.

2. Regulations of the Haymarket at Westminster, z F .iff M.

ft.. 2. C 8. § 18. 8 iff. 9 W. 3. C 17.

Provisions for preventing Fraud in the Sale of Hay and Straw, 31 Gro. 2. C 40.

^eatlbojotlffl). See Constable..

^bitey

The Tax imposed, 13 iff 14 Car. 2. C 10. 13 Car. 2. e. 13.

'16 Car. 2. C 3.' Repealed 1 W. iff m.feft. 1. C 10.

fcengesj, fo? tlje piafljfnratm cutting t&em.

See Highways, peit.

I. The Heirs of the Wife shall not be barred after the Death of his Father and Mother, by the Deed of his Father, where no Fine is levied, 6 Ed. t.c. 3. z. The Heir shall answer' for the Escape of a Prisoner in execu cution on a Statute Merchant, - St. de Mercator. 13 Ed. 1. ft. 3.

3. The Heir of Cestui que Trust shall be liable to the Value of the Lands, 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 10.

4. Action of Debt given against the Heir and Devisee, 3 IF. iff M. C 14. § 3.

5. Debt against the Heir after Alienation, 3 W, iff M. C 14. §;.

For other Matters, see tib'uartitatt, ijilatupalijaticn.y, iff. jrcceikcre 3, 4, 12. sufeg 5, n.

See Flax, Linen.

$emp 0cc5-

To what Duties liable on Importation, z -- W. iff m.jeff. 2. C 4. § 31*

ipetetiftatp Emnue*

1. The King how seized of the Hereditary Excise and Post office' 12 Car. 2. C 24. I Ja. 2. C 12.

Z. How restrained from aliening the revenue of the Postoffice, 9 Arm. C 10. § 43.

s)mfo?u.

For enclosing of Commons in Herefordshire, 4 Ja. 1. C 11.

Jpctcfp.

1. Commissions to be made to the Sheriffs to arrest Preachers of Heresy, 5 R. 2. C 5.

2. Heretics to be imprisoned and fined by the Diocesan, and on Relapse to be burnt, 2 H. 4. C 15.

3. To be tried by the Ordinary, and to incur Forfeiture of Lands

and Goods, and Sheriffs, .iffc. to be sworn to suppress them, 2 H. 5. C 7. 25 H. 8. C 14.

4. The Laws against Heretics revived, 1 iff 2 P. iff M. C 6.

5. Nothing ordered by Parliament shall lie adjudged Error, Heresy or Schism, 1 El. C 1. § 3;.

6. Heresy to be adjudged by the Scriptures, or the first four General Councils, 1 El. r. 1. § 36. ■

7. The Writ de Haereticccomhurendo taken away, 2g Car. 2. C q.

For other Matters, see cpcotniuumcatlou 12. jaicrblcc, (So.

petiotg.

Not taken away by 12 Car. 2. 12 Car. 2. C 24. § j.

See Game.

h>errfn&$*

1. Shall not be sold at Sea, nor till the Ship be moored in Harbour, 31 Ed. i.ft..2..c. \..

2. Regulations of the Herring Fair at Yarmouth, 31 Ed. 3._/?, 2

C 2.. .35 Ed..3., *

3. The Contents of Barrels of Salmon, Herrings and Eels, with

Rules for their Package, 22 Ed. y cz. 11ft. 7. C 23. .13.

e'. C 11. §3. 15 Car. 2. C l6‘. 5 Geo. 1. C 18. § 13 iff 15.

4. Penalty on buying stranger's Herrings not well faked, packed and calked, 5 El. C .5. § 6 if 7; -

5. Allowance on the Exportation of Herrings,, iftc,. 5 iff 6 TV. iff

M. C 7. § 10. 9 iff 10 W. 3. C 44. § 15, 16, 17. 5 Geo. 1.

C 18, Of White Herrings from Scotland, y Ann. e. S. art. 8..

6. Oath of the Exporter that Herrings were cured with Salt that had. paid Duty, iffc. 5 Ann. c..29. § 6.. Altered, by b Ann., C 12. § 3.

7: Duty on Red Herrings for home Confumptron, .8 Geo. I. C 4. On White Herrings, 8 Geo. .1. e. .16.

8. Duties reduced, .and taken off where only home made Salt is used, 3 Geo., 2. C 20. § 14 iff 15. z6 Geo. 2. r. 3.

9. Duties on Red and White Herrings; revived, 5 Geo..2. C 6,.

§ ITO.

Establishment of the British White herring Fishery - Geo.

2. C 24. .26 Geo. .2. C g. 28 Geo. 2. e. j4.

1 r.rofficers of the Ouftoms to view the vessels. at their Return, 23 Geo. z. C 24. .§ 13..

12. Duties to Greenwich Hospital to be pjid before Bounty is received, 28 Geo. 2. C 14. § io.. 30 Geo. .2, C .30._§ 10.

13. Staves of Herring Barrels in Scotland to be half au Inch thick,

zq geo. 2; n/23. § 4. -

14. .Not to extend to the White pierring Fishery, 30 Geo. 2. C 30.

§ 6.

15. One Shilling per Barrel payable in Scotland on Herrings for. home Consumption, 29 Geo. 2. C 23. § 6.

. 16. Further Bounties on Vessels employed in the White Herring. Fishery, 30 Geo. 2. C 30.

17. Such Nets may be used in the Herring Fishery as are best adapted to ft, 30 Geo. 2. C 30. § 2.

18. 100/. Penalty on obftrufling those employed in the Herring Fishery, in the free Ufeof Ports, Shores, iffc. 30 Geo. 2. C 30..

§ 7.

For other Flatters, see fi\zyand sjaltv

See Examlhire. see Leather and Skins..

^ffftj Commffiion €otut.

Such Court, and. others of the like Nature, illegal, 16 Car. j. C II I IF. iff m.fiff. 2. e, 2. § 1.

^fftljiaitog fit sicotlmrtu See Scotland Arms.

fpfljlj Creafon. See Treaforu

fpfgljumpmcn. See Apprehenders of Felons,. Clergy, Felony, Robbery.

1, Shall be enlarged, and the Bushes, iffc. cleared away for 200 Feet on each Side, St. Winlon, ] 3 Ed. \. ft. 2. C 5.

2, Directions for altering the Highways in the Weld of Kent, 14

iff 15 H. 8. C 6. 26 H. 8. C 7..

3. Dkettions for repairing Highways at the Ends of Bridges, 22 H. 8. r, 5. .§9.

4. days work to be done in every Partfh for amending the Highways

•

tyifffrtonp#

ways, 2 (ft 3 P. (ft M. C 8. 5 El. C 13. l8 El. C 10. 29 - El. C 5. 22 Car. 2. C 1 2.

5. Surveyors may lake Rubbish from Quarries, or dig for it, 5 El. C 13. Made perpetual, 29 El. C 5.

6. Who are chargeable to the Highways, 18 El. C 20.

7. Penalty of not repairing Fences, or of throwing Soil in the Highway, 18 El. C 20. § 5, 7.

8. For repairing the Highways in the Isle of Sbeppey, 27 El. C 26.

9. The Ironworks charged with certain Repairs of the Highways in Kent and Sussex, 27 El. C 19. 39 El. C 19.

10. For repairing die Highways from Kingston to Nonfucb, .3 Ja,

1. C 19.

11. Several Regulations for repairing and enlarging the Highways, 13 (ft 14. Car. 2. C 6. 7 £5 8 IV 3. C 29.

12. Surveyors laying out a new Way, to have a Writ of ad quod

damnum, 13 14 Car. 2. C 6.

13. For the Repair of the Highways in the Counties of Hertford,

Cambridge and Huntington, 15 Car. 2. C I. 16 (ft 17 Car. 2. C 10. 4 IV (ft M. C 9. 5 Ann. r. 11. 6 Geo. 1. C 20. 6

Geo. 2. C 2 j.

14. Penalty on Neglcdt of Constables and Surveyors, 22 Car. 2.

C 12.

15. Lands given for the Repairs of Highway and Bridges, shall be let at the improved Rent, 22 Car. 2. C 12. § 2.

16. Wagons, (ftc. rellrained to five Horses at length, 22 Car.

2. C 12. § 6. 30 Car. 2. C 5. to eight Horses, 7 (ft 8 W.

3. C 29. § 3. to six Horses, 6 Ann. C 29. 9 Ann. e. 18.

17. Where Carts not of Use, Horses to be sent, 22 Car. 2. C

12. § 8.

18. Surveyors to be appointed by Justices, 3 JV. (ft M. C 12.

19. Penalty on laying Nuisance in the Highway, 3 W. (ft M. C 12. § 4.

20. On not stubbing Trees or pruning Hedges, 3 IV (A M. C 12.

§ 6. • '

21. Rates to be made for Repair of the Highways, 3 IV (ft M. r. 12. § 17.

22. Penalties to be paid to the Surveyors, 7 IV 3. C 29.

23. Fifty Pounds a Year to be deemed a Plough Land, 7 W. 3, r. 29. §

24. Power given to the Justices to enlarge Highways, 8 TV. 3, C 16.

25. An Appeal given to the Justices on the Execution of an Act quod damnum, 8 (ft 9 W. 3. C 16. § 6.

26. Diredlions for repairing the Highways within the Bills of Mortality, 8 £3' 9 IV 3. C 37.

27. For Repair of the highwaysingioucefterftfre, 9 (ft ow. 3.

C 18.

28. Presentments for not repairing Bridges and Highways, not to be removed by Certiorari, 1 Ann. Ji, 1. C 18, § 3.

29. For repairing the Highways from Thorn'wood Common to H'oodford in Essex, 1 Ann. ft. 2, C to.

30. Any one may seize the Horses of Persons drawing with more than six, 9 Anti. C 18. §1.

31. Rellraints of the Number of Horses in Wagons, 1 Geo. 1.

r. II 5 Geo. 1, C 12. 14 Geo. 2. e. 42. § 6. 15 Geo. 2.

C 2.

32. Carriages with threshed Corn or Coal not.excepted, 1 Geo i.

e. II § 2.

33. Several Powers given to Justices of Peace for amending the Highways, 1 Geo. j. C 52.' 9 Geo. 2. C 18. § 3.

34. Surveyors to give Account of Highways every four Months, I Geai. r. 52, § 2.

33. For amending the Highways in Scotland, 3 Geo. I. C 30.

36. What Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks or Coals may be carried near London, 6 Geo. 1. C 6.

37, Destroying 1 urnpikes credled by Authority of Parliament, to be punished by the House of Corredlion and whipping, 1 Geo. 2. C 19. Made Felony and Transportation, 5 Ge 2.

C 33. Felony without Clergy, 8 Geo. 2. C 20. 27 Geo. 2.

C 16.

38. Where Costs to be paid out of Tolls, 5 Geo. 2. C 33. § 3, 26 Geo. 2. r. 30. § zi.,

39. Justices to remove illegal Turnpikes, 5 Geo. 2. C 33. § 4.

40. Sheriffs to remove unlawful Gates, 5 Geo. 2. C 33. § 4.

41. Justices may order Hedges to be cut which annoy the Highways, 7 Geo. 2. C 9.

42. Pardon for discovering Offenders, 8.geo. 2. e. 20. § 3.

43. Hundred to answer Damages done to Turnpikes, (ftc. 8 Gee. 2. C 20. § 6.

44. Penalty on insulting Collectors of Toll, 8 Geo, 2. C 20. § 11.

45. Claude in 1 Geo. 1. C 52. empowering Justices to make af feffments in Cities, extended to Market Towns, 9 Geo. 2. C 18.

46. A Toll of 20 s. for every hundred Weight above 60 imposed

on Wagons passing Turnpike Roads, 14 Geo. 2. C 42. 21

Geo. 2. C 28.

47. The Aft 14 Geo. z. C 42. in part repealed, 1 3 Geo. 2. C 2.

48. Carts may be drawn by four Horses, 16 Geo. 2. C 29. by three Horses, 18 Geo. 2. C 33.

49. Offences concerning Highways and Bridges excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 32. § 31.

50. Penalty of unloading Goods to evade the Fine, 21 Geo. 2. C 28. § 2.

51. owner's Name to be seton Wagons, 21 Geo. 2. C 28. $ 4. 26 Geo. 2. e. 30. § 13.

52. A Duty of 20s. on Carriages passing a Turnpike with six Horses, 24 Geo. 2. C 43.

53. Penalty of taking off Horses, or of turning outof the Road to avoiff the Tolls, 24 Geo. 2. C 43. § 2, 3, 4.

34. gravel Pits, (ftc. to be fenced', and afterwards filled up, 26 Geo. 2. C 28.

53, Fellies of Wagon Wheels on Turnpike Roads to be nine Inches broad, 26 Geo. 2. C 30. and may be drawn by eight Horses, § 4. Except Wagons drawn by iefs than five Horses,

§ 3-.

56. Vidluallers made incapable of any Office of Profit relating to the Turnpikes, 26 Geo. 2. e. 3c. '§ 20.

57. Carriages with nine Inch Wheels exempted from paying Tolls for three Years, z8 Geo. 2. C 17. Shall pay half t0ii3 within too Miles of London for seven Years, 30 Geo. 2. C 28. §

58. Sole of the Fellies to be nine Inches broad, and flat, 2s Geo. 2. C 17. § 5.

59. Wagons with Wheels six Inches broad, may be drawn by six Horses, and shall pay reduced Tolls, 28 Geo. 2. C 17. § 2. Repealed, 30 Geo. 2. C 28. § 10.

60. Trustees for Turnpikes may raise the Toils on Carriages with narrow Wheels, one Fourth, 28 Geo. 2. C 17. § 3. one Half for seven Years, with Exceptions, 30 Geo. 2. C 28. $ 1, 2, 3.

61. Road Acts continued five Years from their respective Expirations, 28 Geo. 2, C 17. § 4.

62. The Words Common Stage Wagon to be painted on the Tilt,

28 Geo. 2. C 17. § 14,

63. Five Pounds Penalty on unloading Wagons to avoid the Payment of Tolls, 28 Geo. 2. C 17. § 7.

64. Narrow wheeled Carriages to be weighed, 28 Geo. 2. C 17. § 7. only when loaded, 30 Geo. z. C 28. § 14.

63. Wagons with narrow Wheels, not Stage Wagons, may be drawn by five Horses, (ftc. 28 Gee, 2. C 17. § 8. Repealed, 30 Geo. 2. C 28. § 10.

66. Trustees for Turnpikes to have Lands of 40/. per Ann.. 28 Geo. 2. C 17. § 13.

67. No Carriage to be exempt from Tolls, or pay reduced Tolls, unless the Wheels are nine Inches broad, 30 Ge. 2. C 28. § 4.

68. Broad wheeled Carriages to be drawn by Horses in Pairs, 30 Geo. 2. C 28. § 6. narrow wheeled Carriages by Horses at Length, ibid. § 7.

69. No

fpo|fe£.

|»'0&foag&

69. No Composition for Tolls to be made with narrow wheeled ' Carriages, 30 Geo. 2. C 28. § 9,

70. No Wagon with broad Wheels to be above five Feet six Inches wide, ibid. §11,

71. Every Carriage carrying Goods for Hire, to be deemed a common Stage Wagon, ibid. § 13.

72. Where Trustees do not meet the Clerk to appoint the next Meeting, 31 Geo. 2. C 34.

For other Matters, see 'ilsjl'tsgcs 15, 19. cflvts 10. dct* tiojatt 7, 11, life. sdittvefs 4, 13c. £tf}ilifta 17, 13c. ^abuig, fsooj 43. ^obberp.

See Felony, Robbery. • See Game, holy days.

intl (John, Sergeant at Law.)

The Manor of Burr lew as how allured to him and his Heirs, 34 c5 35 H. 8. C 24.

JpO00 au ?j)00£'jrmj. See Bacon, Cattle and Swine.

^ol&ounn

St. Andrew's Parish, Holbourn, how to be altefled, 30 Geo. 2. C 3- § 72-

j)o!p*ijapj8 .anti sfaftfn0

1. Assizes may be taken in Advent and Lent, St. weftm. 1. 3 Ed.. 1. C 5 r.

2. Showing of Wool prohibited on Sundays, life. 28 Ed. 3. C 14.

3.. Fairs and'markets not to be kept on Sundays and principal Feilivals, except four Sundays in Autumn, -27 H. 6. C 5.

4. Shoemakers in London not to sell or sit on their Goods on Sundays, life. 4 Ed. 4. C 7.. 1 Ja. 1. C 22. § 29.

5. Days to be observed as fish days, 2 13 3 Ed. 6. C 19. 5 El.

■ C 5. § 14, 15, 36', 40.

6.. What holy days and falling days shall be kept, 5 13 6 Ed. 6.

7. The Penalty of not referring to Church on Sundays and holy days, 1 EL C 2. § 14.

8. Wednesday not to be a fish day, 27 El. C 11.

9. Viftuallers prohibited to utter Flesh on fish days, 27 El. C I).

10. The Penalty of eating Flesh on fish days diminished, 35 El.

. C 7. § 22.

11. Regulations of Licences to eat Flesh in Lent, 1 Ja. 1. C 29.

12. The Fifth of November to be kept as a Day of Thanksgiving... Ja. I. C 1.

13. The Punilhmentfor using Sports on the Sunday, 1 .Car. 1. C I.

14. Carriers, Drovers, Butchers, or Higlers not to travel, or expose

Meat on the Sunday, 3 Car. 1. C 2. 29 Car. 2. C 7.

15. The 29th of May to be an anniverfary.thankfgiving, 12 Car.

2. C 14.

t6. The 3oth of January to be kept as an anniversary Day of

- Humiliation, 12 Car. 2. C 30. § 1.

17. The 2d of September to be annually kept as a Fast in London, 19 Car. C 3. § 28.

j 8. No Wares to be exposed to Sale on the Sunday, 2<ycar. 2. C 7. Except Vidluals in Inns, 13c. or Milk, ibid. § 3. ormackarei, 10 13 11 IF. 3. C 24. § 14.

19. Coachcmen or chair men may ply on the lord's Day, notwithstanding

the 29 Car. 2. C 7. 9 Ann. C 23. § 20.

20. Ferfons not to travel in Boats, 13c. on the Sunday, 29 Car. 2.

cy. -

21. The Yule Vacance in Scotland rerorcd, 10 Ann. C 13. Repealed, i Geo. 1. C 28.

For aether Matters. fte hsimtls 7. (ealcutini', Cfcnpt 15. l^uiisjcti 4. lijobbcvp 2- cclitcniicu 7.

Yol. IX T A B.

fpofp&eatu

Rock Salt may be used in its saltworks, 6 Ann. e. 12. § 2.

ftcmmgc anti f caltp*

The Manner of doing, 17 Ed. ft. 2.

jpoulicloc* See Murder.

upoltcjl

The Penalty of corrupting it, or selling it in Vellels wanting Measure, 23 El. e. 8. § 4.

For other Matters, see (Efatlgttlg.

rpop£.

1. Penalty on importing or using corrupt Hops, 1 Ja. I. C 18.

2. Hops imported, what Duties to pay, 2 IF. 13 m.jejf. 2. C 4. § IQ. 9 Ann. C 12.

3. Made perpetual and Part of the Aggregate Fund by 3 Geo. I. e. 12.

4. What Fees payable to customhouse Officers for Hops brought to London, 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 26.

5. Duties of thofeof Britifto Growth to be under the Management pf Commissioners of Excise, 9 Ann. C 12. § 5.

6. No Bitter to be used in Brewing but Hops, 9 Assn. C 12. § 24.

7. Foreign Hops not to be imported in Ireland, 9 Ann. c.12. I Geo. 1. C 12. § 6.

8. Money lent on hop duties how repaid, 1 Geo. \. ft. 2. C 12. 7 Geo. 1. ft. 2. e. 20. § 37.

9. The Drawback on Hops exported to Ireland taken off, 6 Geo* 1. C 11. § 40.

•101 Planters to give Notice of the Time of bagging, 6 Geo. 2. C 21. § 25.

11. No Hops to be imported into Ireland from other Parts but Great Britain, 5 Geo. 2. C 9.

12. Landing foreign Hops before Duty paid. Hops to be burnt and Ship forfeited, 7 Geo. 2. e. 19.

13. Penalty on fcphilticating Hops, 7 geo.f.c, 19. §2.

14. Damages to be made good as by 9 Geo. 1. e. 22. for cutting hop binds, 10 Geo. 2. C 32. § 4.

See felonies Tiltljout Cicrgp, Tit. i^ops, shtojcefter,

^o?nct0.

1. Homers Wares shall befearched, 4ed. 4. e. 8.

2. Foreigners shall not buy Horns within 24 Miles of London, 4

Ed. 4. C 8. 7 Ja. 1. C 14.

1. innkeepers shall not make horse bread, 13 R. ft, I. C 8*

4 H. 4. e. 25. 21 Ja. 1. C 21.

2. Permitted to bake Horse bread, 32 H. 8. C 41.

fc.

1. Transporting of Horses restrained, 11 II 7. C 13. 22 II 8.

C 7. 1 Ed. 6. C 5.

2. Owners of Parks obliged to keep able breeding Mares, 27 H. 8. r. 6.,

3. Northern Counties excepted, 27 H. 8. C 6. § 5.

4. The altife of Horses allowed to be kept upon Commons, 32 H 8. r. 13. Altered as to die lile of Ely, 13c, by 8 El. C 8. and Cornwall, 21 Ja. I. C 28. § 12.

5. How many lloned trotting Hories every ore fholild keep, 33

rl. 8. e. 3.

6. Penalty of exporting Horses without Licence, r Ed. 6.

7. Kow Horses shall be tolled and ordered in Fairs, 2

M.

C 7.

31 El.

C 11

C 3.

P

8> The

M

$0fp(tal£.

rpotife$

?. The Exception of Horses to be exported for the owner's Use in i Ed. 6, C 5. repealed 5 El. C 19.

9. Size of Horses to be pastured in the Fens, 8 El. C 8. § 2.

10. How Horses shall be sold in Fairs, 31 El. C iz.

11. The Owner of a llolen Horse sold in a Fair, may have him again, paying the Price within six Months, 31 El. C 12. § 4.

12. Exportation of Horses permitted, and the Duty on them ascertained, 22 Car. 2. C 13. § 8.

13. Horses in Hackney Coaches to be 14 Hands, 9 Ann. C 23. § 4"

14. Horses at Races to be entered by the Owners, 13 Gto. 2. C ig.

15. Horse racing for Plates under 30/. or with Horses carrying small Weights, prohibited, 13 Geo. 2. t. 19. § 2.

16. Horses may run for the Value of 501, with any Weight, and at any Place, 18 Geo. 2. C 34. § 11.

For other Flatten, see Cattle, jratvs 10, 12, (fte. jfclo= lights ttfitljcmt Clcrgp, lit. ^cccftavp and lijojfcs, pa fists 7. pocmdfficc 5, C

3>orpfta!£.

1. The Ordinaries to reform the State of Hospitals, 2 H. 5. e. 1,

2. Mailer, cof St. Leonard York, may gather Corn, 2 H. 6. C 2.

3. Mailers of Hospitals may occupy the Lands of the Ilofpital, tho' they are Clergymen, 21 H. 8. C 13. § 7.

4. A Confirmation of Grants made to Hospitals, 14 El. C 14.

5. Penalty of taking a Reward for nominating a Person to an Hospital, or for religning a Place in an Hospital, 31 El. C 6. § 2 y 3-

6. Liberty to found Hospitals, iftc. 35 El. C 7. § 27. 39 El.

C 5. 21 fa: 1. C 1.

7. Incorporation of the Governors of Guy s Hospital, 11 Geo. 1. C 12.

8. Edablidiment of the Ilofpital at Bath, 12 Geo. 2. C 31.

9. Powers granted to the Governors of the Foundling Hospital, 13 Geo. 2. C 29. Money given them, 29 Geo. 2. C 29. § 13. 30 Gee. 2. C 26. § 14.

30. For building Hospitals and work houses at Bristol, is Geo.

2. C 38.

11. Money given for building the Hospital near Gosport, 29 Geo.

2. C 29. $7..

*2. The Lands and Tenants of Hospitals how far subject to the land-tax, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 22 to 27.

For other Matters, see 3j11us hotifcs, clikutett^ottfc, <£i)irt

ritablc ulifcs, Cljclfca Ifofpttal, cenectttoiclj, Kccig same 45.

#ounflqtt)«$eatd

The Land there, where to be of the Nature of Copyhold, and how to be leased by the Steward of the Manor, 37 H. 8. C 2.

1. Duties on Windows in dwelling houses, 7 Is 8 W. 3. C 18.

5 Ann. C 13. 8 Ann. C 4.

2. How payable by Houses inhabited by two Families, and by the Inns of Court, 8 Iff 9 lfr. 3. C 20. § 18 & 19.

3. Justices of Peace to appoint Colledlors of the Duty, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 61.

4. Hundred liable to Damages by the Burning of Houses, 9 Geo.

1. C 22. § 7.

5. A new Duty on Houses and Windows granted, 20 Geo. 2, e. 3. b C 42.

6. Apartments in the Universities to pay as Houses, 20 Geo. 2. e. 3. § 32.

7. Provisions for enforcing the Payment of the Duties, 21 Geo,

2. C 10.

8. No Settlement gained by paying these Duties, 2t Gee. 2. C

10. § Ij.

9. For enforcing the Payment in Scotland, 26 Geo. 2. e. 17.

10. Additional Duty on Houses, be. 31 Geo. 2. C 22. § 31. z Geo. 3. C 8.

For Other Matters, see aimttlltl'esj ibluldfngg, ibutttiltg,

felonies lxu'tljout Clcttjp, Fit. ilotifcc, tve, lfutt= mens,

Ipcufes cf Cohesion'

1. To be built in every County, 18 El. C 3. 7 Ja. 1. C 4.

2. Judices of Peace may upon Presentment enlarge Houses of Correction, 14 Geo. 2. C 33. § 2.

3. Judices of a Liberty or Corporation may commit to the house of Corredlion of the County, 15 Geo. 2. C 24.

4. Houses of Correction to be under the Government of the ju fiices, 17 Geo. 2. C 5. § 3 r.

For other Matters, see dofthtnls, 3uflgrantfs«

Who may he committed thither.

!. Vagabonds and disorderly Persons may be sent thither, 3g el' C 4. §3, 4. 7 Ja. 1. C 4. § 4. 12 Ann. f. 2. C 23. § 6.

2. Poor Persons reiuling to work, or wandering, 43 El. C 2. § 4. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 23. § 5.

3. Lewd Women having Ballards, and Persons running away and, leaving their Children to the Parish, 7 Ja. 1. C 4. § 7 b 8.

4. Or nonconform ills again!! 13 b 14 Car. 2. C 1. § 2.

5. Poor refusing to goto Place of Settlement, 13^14 Car. 2. e.

12. §3.

6. Or Persons offending again!! the Game Laws, 22 b z3 Car.

2. C 25, §5, 7. 4 b 5 W. b M. C z3. § 3, 11. 3 Ann. C

14. § 2, 4, 5. 9 Anne. 25. § 4.

7. Or refusing Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, 1 IF. (A M,

ft. 1. CL 8. §9.

8. Or not wearing Badge according to 8- b 9 IF.. 3. C 30. § 2.

9. Or. Persons offending again!! the Ad! concerning Hawkers and Pedlars, 9 c3 10 IF. 3. C 27. 5 3-

10. Or offending again!! Salt Duty, 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 21. § 4,;

Geo. 1. C 18. ^ 2.

11. Or acting contrary to the Acts for preserving the Fishery, be,

4 Ants. C 3i. § 2, 9. 9 Ann. e. 26. § 6. 1 Geo. 1. C 18. §

7> >4

12. Persons convidlof Theft or Larceny, 5 C 6. § 2.

13. Persons not paying Penalty for firing Houses negligently, 6

r. 31. § 3.

14. Coachmen and Chairmen on Milbehavior, 9 Ann. C 23. § 49.'

I G. 1. C 57. § 8.

15. Offenders againll the Acts concerning Drapery, 1 Geo. I. C

15. § 7. 11 Geo. 1. C 24. § 18. 7 Geo. 2. C 25. § 2, 6.

II Geo. 2. C 28. § 10.

16. Or Seamen committing Disorders in Dockyards, 1 Geo. 1. C 25. § 1.

17. Or Servants employed in adulterating Tobacco, 1 Geo. 1. e.

46. § 5.

18. Vagrants, 6 Geo, 1. C rp. To the mod convenient House of Corredlion, 14 Geo. 2. C 33. § 3.

10, Or Tailors refusing to work, be. 7 Geo. 1. C 13. § 6, 7.

20. Journeymen Shoemakers on second Conviction of Embezzle, ment, 9 Geo. ic, 27. § 1,

21. Or Weavers, be. combining againd 12 Geo. 1. C 34. § 1.

22. Or for not paying Cods and Damages adjudgedby Judices on Dispute about Wages, 13 Geo. 1. C 23. § 6.

23. Dyers guilty of Deceit, 13 Geo. 1. e. 24. § 5.

24. Or Persons convicted of Perjury, 2 Geo. 2. C 23. § 2.

25. Watermen, be. not paying Penalty of acting againd 2 Geo,

2. r. 26. § 3.

26. Or Mariners Deserting, 2 Grc. 2. C 36. § 4.

27. Offenders againd Act for regulating Coal Trade, 3 Gee. 2. e.

26. § 16.

28. Or Offenders againd the Act concerning Balladage, 6 Geo. 2. C 29. § 22.

29. Or

29. Or for maliciously drawing up Floodgates, S Geo. 2. C 20.

§ z.

30. Persons loitering on the Coast to run Goods, g Geo. 2. C 33, § j g. — Or Persons not paying Penalty for fraudulently removing Goods, 11 Geo. 2. C 19. § 4.

31. Or offending against the Act concerning Plays and Interludes, 10 Geo. 2. C 28, § 6,

32. Persons riotously hindering the Exportation of Corn, 11 Geo.

2, C 22. § 1.

33. Apprentices on Oath of Mailer or Millrefs, zo Geo. 2. C 19. § 4*

^oufejjqltl Of tfje mfltty* See King and Palaces.

fputifon 'Bap

How taxed, 4 w.&m.c. 15. § 12.

Hue anti Ctp*

1. Shall be duly followed, St. Wtjhn. 1. 3 Eel. 1. C 9. St. win tonne. I 3 Edi .Jl, 2. C 6.

2. Shall be made after Felons and Robbers, and the Country shall answer if they be not taken, St. Wintott, 13 Ed. 1 .ft. 2. C 1 is 2. 28 f4. 3. r. 11. zjfj.c. 13. 29 Car. 2. C 7. § 5.

3. Suits mull be within the Year, 27 El. C 13. §9.

4. Shall be raised by the Watch on those that will not suffer themselves to be arrested, St. Winton. 13 Ed. 1. ft 2. r. 4.

5. The Statute of Winchester shall be read in the County Courts, Csfr. art.fuper Cartas, 28 Edi • C 17. Shall be proclaimed four Times in the Year, 7 R. 2. C 6.

6. Articles of Inquiry upon the Statute of Wtnchejler, Art. IT in tonne, 34 Edi. Jl. 2:

7. Hue and Cry shall be raised on Purveyors taking Carriages, C belonging to the Stapie, 27 Ed. $. Jl. 2. C 4,

8. The Hundred that fails in pursuing the Hue and Cry, to answer half the Damages, 27 El. C 13. § 2.

9. The Party robbed to give Notice to Constable and in Gazette,

and be examined, 27 El. C 13, 8 Geo. 2. C 16.

10. If a Robber is apprehended the Hundred shall be discharged,

27 El. C 13. § 8. 8 Geo. 2. C 16. § 3.

11. The Hundred of Benhurft in Berks, shall recover their whole Damages againil the Hundreds that make Default in pursuing Flue and Cry, 39 El. C 25.

12. Directions for Pursuit of Hue and Cry, 8 Geo. 2. C 16. §11.

13. Inhabitants may be Witnesses, 8 Geo.2. C 16. § 13.

14. The Hundred not liable to more than 200/. unless two wit neffes be present, 22 Geo. 2. C 24.

15. Execution not to be levied on any particular Inhabitant, but a Taxation to be made, 22 Geo. 2. C 46, § 34.

For other Matters, see cotchcf, ijimojctis, l&obfceit*

1. A Restraint of Exactions taken there, 27 //. 8. C 3.

2. Their Duties on salt fish and Herrings rellorcd, 33 H. 8. C

33. 5 El. C 5. § 3.

3. The Customer of Hull to have a Deputy resident at York, 1 El.

e. 11. § 8.

4. For erecting Workhouses and maintaining the Poor at Hull, 15

Geo. 1. C 10. 28 Geo. 2. C 27.

For other Matter, see I),

dumber.

Fish Garths and Piles, Iftc. to be removed, 23 H, 8. C 18.

Hunting

1. Shall be kept only by those that have Lands sufficient within the Hundred, 9 Ed. ^ ft. z.

'2. Shall be annexed to Counties, 2 Ed. 3. C iz.

3. Shall be let at the ancient Farm, 4 Ed. 3. C 13. 28 Ed. 1

ft. 3. r. 14.

4. Not answerable to Persons who are robbed travelling on a Sunday, 29 Car. 2. C 7. § 3.

5. Liable to Penalty on Exportation of Wool, 7 is' 8 W. 3. C 28. §8.

6. Liable to Damage sustained by pulling down Buildings, 1 Geo.

ir. 3. §6.

7. By killing Cattle, cutting down Trees, burning Houses, ifc.

9 Geo. 1. C 2z. § 7. 29 Geo. 2. C 36. § 9.

8. By destroying Turnpikes or Works on navigable Rivers, S Geo. 2. C 20. § 6.

g. By cutting hop binds, 10 Geo. 2. C 32. § 4.

10. By destroying Corn to prevent Exportation, 11 Geo. 2. C 22.

5 5-

11. By wounding Officers of the Customs, 1 ggco. 2. C 34. § 6„

12. Or by destroying Woods, C 29 Geo. 2. C 36. § 9.

13. All Moneys recovered againfr the Hundred to be levied by a Rate, 22 Geo. 2. C 46. § 34.

For other Matters, see 1'jltc aitt) l&ccchjcts 15. Kcb

tjctp, fajljcrfffs 14, isc.

Hunting;.

Persons unlawfully hunting in the Night, or in disguise, to be punished by Justices of Peace, or the Privy Council: And as Felons if they deny the Offence, 1 H. 7. C 7.

For other Matters, see idccf tvcnlcts, ^fcloltp, (saiuc.

- Huntington h&ne near Chester,

How repaired, 37 H. 8. C 3.

anu hutfran&mmn

1. The decaying of Houses of Husbandry prohibited, 4/7. 7. C •

19, 6 H. 8. C 3. 7 H. 8. C 1. 27 H. 8. C 22. 2 IA 3 T.

6 M. C 1, z, 39 El. C 1.

2. Wood not to be turned to Tillage or Pafiure, 33 H. 8. C 17.

§ 3'

3. Land to be re converted to Tillage, 5 oft 6 Ed. 6. C 5. 5 El.

C 2.

4. Who may be compelled to serve in. Husbandry, 5 El. C 4; § 7.

5. How Hufoandnien shall take Apprentices, 3 El. C 4. § 23.

6. The Statute 5 El. C 2. concerning the keeping a Quantity of Land in Tillage, repealed, 35 El. C 7. § zo.

7. Arable Land not to be converted to Failure, igel. C 2. But not to extend to Northumberland, 43 El. C 9. § 32.

8. For the carrying Sea sand for Manure in Dcvovfkire and Coned wall, 7 fa. 1. C 18.

See labourers.

httg&antj oktfc* See Baron and Ferns.

I.

aamafcaj See Plantations.

sguntt. See St. James's Square. 3jupait (kunte* See China and India Goods.

Sneutitate 30omfaf&

1. Shall be granted where one man's Goods. Cs'c. are seized for the Outlawry of another. 37 Ed. 3. C 2.

2, Grantable to Executors, 9 H. 6. C 4.

M s mots

3!eofaft<3.'

Ehfots nnn lunatfeftfr

1. Idiocy to be judged of by the Justices, on Fine levied 15 Ed. 2.

2. The king's Prerogative ac to the Custody of the Lands of Idiots, 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 9.

3. And providing for Lunatics, 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 10.

4. Punishment of Lunatics for High Treason, 33 H. 8. C 20.

5. Dangerous Madmen to be confined by Justices of Peace, 12

Amu ft. 2. C 23. § 22. 17 Geo. 2. C 5. § 20.

6. Idiots and Lunatics, or their Committees, by Direction of Chancellor, enabled to convey Trust estates and Mortgages, 4 Geo. 2. C 10.

7. Marriage of Lunatics prohibited, 15 Geo. 2. C 30,

A Duty of two Penies Scots upon Ale there, 7 geo.ft. C 23.

1. Qtti cadit a fftlala cadit a iota causa, the Rule censured, St.

IP all. 12 Edt. in Appendix.

2. No Manlhal] lofc by the old Forms of pleading, 36 Ed. 3.7?.

I. C 15.

3. No Judgement to be reversed for Rafures or Interlineations, 8

H. 6. C 12. § 1.

4. What Mifpleadings, CSV, shall be aided by Verdict, 32 H. 8.

C 30. § 1. 18 El. C 14. 21 Ja. l.c. 13.

5. After Demurrer joined Judgement shall not be stayed or reversed for Matter of Form, 27 El. C 5. 4 anne. 16. § 1.

C But exempting certain criminal Cases, 18 El. C 14. § 2. 27

El. C 5- § 3. 21 Jac. 1, C 13. § 3. 16 Cf 17 Car. 2. C 8.

% 2. 4 Ann. C 16. § 7. 5 Geo. j. C 13. § 2.

7. Defects in Form may be amended, 27 AR. 5. § 2.

8. Statutes of Jeofails extended to Judgments by Confession, 4 Ann. C 16. § 2.

9. To Suits for the Revenue of the Crown, 4 Ann. C 16. § 24.

10. And to Writs of Mandamus and Informations in the Nature of Warrantos, 9 Ann. C 20. § 7.

ri. Statutes cf Jeofails extended to Proceedings in English (except in criminal Cases) 4 Geo. 2. C 26. §4.

, 12. Judgement shall not be stayed or reversed after Verdict for Defers of Form, 16 if 17 Car. 2. C 8.

. For other Matters. see ^htuetldhtentj 8.

Datnus 5. fnirliament 92, 97, 101. fslcatuuss, fitluo saartanto y.

3i€vfep nnta (shtentfejn See Guernsey.

3; cftut£ anti Seminatp See Recusants.

Eefosf.

5. The Statute Merchant of Alton Burnell not to extend to them, St. de Mercat. 11 Ed. 1, Nor the Statute Merchant, 13 Ed.

1. ft. 3.

2. Reftridlions laid on them, St. de Judeifmo incerli temp.. Vol. j. 188.

3. Their Debts pardoned, 1 Edi jl. Z. C 3.

4. The Lord Chancellor to appoint. Maintenance to be allowed by Jensss to their Protestant Children, 1 Ann. ft. 1. r-30.

5. Alterations of the Abjuration Oath in Favour of Jews, to be naturalised in America, 13 Geo. 2. C 7. § 3.

6. Bills in Parliament for naturalising Jews, permitted, 26 Geo.

2. e. 26. Repealed, 27 Geo. 2. C 1.

Eetuefg.

To be imported Duty free, 6 Geo. 2. e. 7,

For other Matters, see sdiaiuoudgs. \,

3 I

Emptffmtment. Enclofutetf.

elft^comhe See Harbours,

Em ageg.

How to be defaced, 3^4^. 6. C 10.

See Arms, Felony, and Storesi emhjoftjctp. See Embroiderers. Impeachment

The king's Pardon no Bar to an Impeachment in Parliament, 12 if 13 W. 3. C 2. § 3.

3imp?itonment.

1. None shall be imprisoned but by the lawful Judgement of his

Peers, or by the Law of the Land, M: C 9 tl. 3. e. 29. 25

Ed. ft, ft. 3, C 4*

2. Bailifts Accountant not having Lands to be attached by their Bodies to render Account, St. Marleh. 52 H. 3. C 23.

3. Execution against the Body on a Statute Merchant, St. de Merc.

11 Ed. 1.

4. The Creditor on a Statute Merchant to find his Debtor in prison with Bread and Water, St. de Merc, n Ed. 1. and to recover it in Costs, ibid.

For other Matters, see tkcouwt, ifc. 1. «sfccttfatl'ons 2. Ccclcfinftical persons 41, (ft. Jro; etts 23. decals, habeas Cojpus, 31rclattu, liberties 16, 17, 24. fda. picts 9. Ptffons, ifc.

• 3lmp?op2iatlotu See Appropriation. 3imp?tmement* See Approvement. Slncenhiatrp Slctteugf* See Burning and Letters, Enchantment.

Hotv punished, 1 Ja. 1. C 12. Repealed by g Geo. 2. C 5.

Encfc.

To what Duties liable, 4 W. Cf M. C 5. § 2. 7 Ann. C 7. § 24.

12 Ann. ft, 2. C 21.

3fncloftttc&

1. Defttoying them in the Night, to be made goodbye the neighbouring Towns, 13 Ed. 1. ft. s. C 46. 3^4 Ed. 6. C 3. •

6 Gee. ic. 16.

2. Throwing down Enclosures in the Night, to be punished with

treble Damages, 3 y 4 Ed. 6. C 3. § 4. 22 Cf 23 Car. 2.

C 7.

3. Persons obtaining Enclosures cr Wastes difablcd, 9 If 10 W. 3.. C 36. § 10.

4. Taking away Gates, Pales, Posts, Styles or Hedge Wood, or

destroying them, how punished, ifc. 43 El. C 7- 1 5 Car, 2,

C 2. 3 W.. If M. C 10." § 9. 5 Geo. 1. C 15. § 6. 6 Geo. 1.

C 16.

For other Matters, see ^ppjobeihcut I, 4. tstaftcs,

enciim&ent. See Ecclesiastical Courts, Oaths, Quare impedit, Simony and Vicars.

enhemnftp*

General Indemnities in Times of insurrection, 1 Ed. 3. ft. I. C

1 .ft. 2. C 3. 14 Ed. 3. C 2 if 3. 5 A. 2. ft. 1. C 6. 11

R, 2. C 1. 21 R. 2. C 14. 7 H. 4. C 18,. i II 5. C 6.

II 7.

Information

3ittma 6ao$£. sfn&ismeitt#. Infant

i H. 7. C 6. 12 Car. 2. e. 11. 1 IV 13 M. ft. 2. C 8. 2 IV 13 m.ft. z. C 13. 4 13 5 IF. M. 19. 1 Geo. 1. ft.

2. C 39. 19 Geo. z. f. 20. 13 C 39. § 18.

slnoentuvcg. See Apprentices.

illofa Compnnp. See East-india Company.

3in0m 0ootig.

1. A Duty upon India Linens and Silks, Exp. 1 Ja. 2. C 5.

2. All India Goods to be sold by Inch of Candle, ® 13 10 W. 3. C 44. § 69.

3. A Duty of 5 percent, upon India Goods, 9 y to TV. 3. C 44.

§ 76.

4. Additional Dufies on wrought Silks, 13c. 9 13 10 W. 3. C

44. § 80. 11 13 12 IV 3. C 3.

5. Made perpetual, 7 Jinn. C 7. and Part of Aggregate Fund, 3 Geo. i. C 8.

6. Drawback on Exportation, 11 13 12 W. 3. C 3. § 3.

7. Several India Goods prohibited to be worn, or to be imported

in any other Port than London, 11 13 12 TV, 3, C 10. 10 Geo.

1. C 11.

8. Wrought Silks, 13c. to be warehoused till exported, lies'12 TV. 3. C 10. § 2.

9. Proof to lie on Owner, 11 13 12 W. 3. C 10. § 4.

10. No Dutiesbutthe half Subsidy, nlf 12 IF. 3. r. 10. § 10.

11. The Terms Muslins and painted calicoes explained, 12 fs? 13 IF. 3. C II § 14.

12. Duties on japanned and lacquered Goods to be paid ad Valorem, 12 & 13 TV. 3. C 11. § 15.

1 3, Unrated India Goods to pay. Custom as sold at the Sale, z (3 3 Ann. C 9. § 6.

14. Security to be given for importing the Goods to Great Britain, and paying the Duties, 6 Ann. C 3.

15. Bonds for exporting India Goods to be delivered up, if no Prosecution within three Years, 8 Ann. C 1 3. § 24.

16. India Goods to be carried to Ireland only from England, 9 Geo. 1. C 11. § 12.

17. Printed Silks, caljicoes, 13c. not marked, forfeited, 5 Geo. 1. C II § 15.

18. India Goods carried to Ireland, Jersey. guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or ihe Plantations, not Ihipped in Great Britain, Forfeiture of Ship and Goods, 7 Geo. 1. r. 21. § 9.

19. The Time of Sale for unrated India Goods, enlarged to three Years, 7 Geo. 1. C 21. §11.

20. The 11 13 12 IV 3. C 10. shall not extend to any Goods made up in Furniture before 25 December 1722, 10 Geo. 1. C II

21. Foreign Goods may be taken out of Warehouses and refreshed, 15 Geo. 2. C 31. § 8.

22. Unrated East-india Goods to pay Subsidy of 5 percent. 21 Geo. 2. C 2. § 2.

For Other Matters, see calll'cocs, <s?aft=31ndia Compatip,

31relnnd, isuffia, 23, 13c. jisiun

3!nhfca&ft

1. Remedy for the patron disturbed by it, 13 Ed. 1. ft. 1. C 5.

§ 4-

2. The Ecclesiastical Court may hold Plea of Tithes not amounting to the Fourth of the Church, Si. Circumfe. agatis, 13 Ed.

I

3. It shall not be granted till the Matter is contested in the Spiritual Court, 34 Ed. 1. ft. 1.

3ntu'co mm Slntugo.

1. Retlraints on exporting it from the Plantations before it hath

been in England, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 18. 15 Car. 2. C 7. I o.

2. To what Duties liable, 4 TV, .13 M. C 5. § 2.

\

3, Indico may be imported, - Geo. 2. C 18.

For other Matters, see Cocljiucnl,

Intriamencg.

1. In Turns, 13c. shall be by Indenture, 1 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 17.

2. Shall be taken by lawful Men returned by the Sheriff without the Denomination of others, 25 Ed. 3. ft. 5. C 3. 11 H.

4. C 9.

3. Shall not have the Words Inftdiatores <viarum, 13c. 4 II 4. C 2,.

4. In Indictments and Appeals the Judges shall inquire CX ofticio,

if there be such a Place as is named in the Indictment, 7 ?/, 5. 9 H. 5. C 1. 18 H. 6. C 12.

5. A Person named of a foreign County in an Indictment or Ap -- peal shall after Acquittal recover treble Damages againll the procurers, 8 II 6. C 10. § 4.

6. Indictments shall be good without the Words aii et armis, 37

H. 8. C 8. '

7. Engliftmen may be indicted in the Northern Counties of England, for a Felony done in Scotland, 4 Ja. 1. C I.

8. Where not qualhable for want of Form, and where Defendant shall have a Copy See uceafoll.

9. What Fees payable for drawing an Indictment. See ®lcvfe of

♦sffife.

For other Matters, see 2£b?.tcmcut 12, C hehtlcudlkcttl: 4. Cevtlcjavl 5, 8, 0, 13c. Clevgw 10. Confpitatojs 4. ©jctojtion a. felons, juries n. hubevttes 16, 13c, ^uvtjct, pjoccfs 5. prohibition 12. gilieviits 17.

inullsl'on* See Intrusion;;

Slow to be reformed by the King, 25 H. 8. C 21, § 27.

Infant

1. Where not to have his Age. See s gc.

2. Usury shall not run againll any within Age, St. Merton, 20ii, 3- C 5*

3. Writ of Entry upon diltcifin lies againll Infant Heir of diitei for, and for Infant Heirs of dilteifee, 3 Ed. 1. C 47.

4. The next Friend may sue where the Guardian has made a feoffment, St. iveftm.!. 3 Ed. 1. C 48.

5. Where in Mortdanceftor Nonage of the Heir shall not say en quell, 6 Edi. C 2.

6. And in all Cases where the Infant is eloined, St. iveftm. 2. 13: Ed.. 1. rt;;.

Shall not be received into the Order of Friars before their 1 qthu Year without their Guardians Assent, 4fl.4..r. 17.

8. The Chancellor shall punish the Superiors of the Friars that remove Infants without the Assent of their Guardians, 4 q, r. 17.

9. Infants, Trustees and Mortgagees, enabled to convey by di rection of the Chancery, 7 A,, 19.

10. How to bind himfel'f by a Contract to serve in the Plantations, 4 Geo. 1. C 1 1. § 5.

11. How to be admitted to a Copyhold, and how compellable to pay his Fine, 9 Geo. 1. C 29.

For other Matters, see slshneaclsvemcilt, 13c. 1. Couuriefj palatine 27. (Ini in ffllirn 2. ©jcecutson 11. i, nbouv»= cts 13. abeafes 22. ii^arnngc 13. parliament 50. plantations 26. ikcccibcvs 12.

itlfeit'oi Couit0 See Courts inferior..

Information nan ‘informer.

1. Power given to Iultices of Allife and Justices of Peace, to hear and determine upon Informations,. 11 H. 7, C 3. Rep. i U.

8. C 6..

2. Thsr

2. The Defendant in Popular Actions or Informations may pray a ‘talcs, 14 El. C 9.

3. How the Process shall be endorsed, 18 El. C 5. § 1.

4. Where Lhe Jury is not compellable to appear at iveflmhfler for the Trial of an I flue on a.penal Statute, 18 El. C 5. § 2.

5. The Informer mull: give a Note of the Time of exhibiting the Information, 1 8 El. C 5. § 1.

6. And in what Cases to pay Colls, 18 El. C 5. § 3.

7. Where disabled to pursue on any Statute popular or penal, t8 EL C 5. § 4. 31 El. C 5. 4 1.

S. Defendant, if a natural born Subject or free Denifen, may appear by Attorney, 29el. C $. §21. 31 El. C jo. § 20.

g. What l'roccfs shall go again!! the Defendants, 21 Ja.). C 4.

10. w'hat Oath the Informer is to take, zl Ja. 1. C 4. § 3.

Tithe Defendant in an Information of Intrnfion after 20 Years Possession may plead the General ilfue, and retain Possession till the king's Tide be found, 21 Ja. 1. C 14.

12. Informations shall not be exhibited by the Clerk of the Crown, but by Rule of Court, and on Security for Coils, 4 (A 5 IF. (A M. C 18.

13. The Plea to land good after the Demise of the King, unless the Defendant defiles to alter it, 4'ffi' 5 W. (A M. C 18.

I 7-,

14. Information in. Nature of a fuo Warrantor what Manner grantablc, and where several Defendants may be put into'one

information, 9 Ann. C 20. 4 4-j-5. What Judgement shall be given and Colls recovered by or against the Relator, 9 Ann. C 20. § 5.

16. The Statutes of jeorils extended to such Informations, 9

Ami. C 20. § 7.

For other Matters, see Abatement 24. uccufattolls, 3c tions popular. Coils 8. atuflonts 133. ©ptojtfon. 8. ffeionp, ^ojcfiauers 10. (Eencval jltuc 7, (Ac. £juo adlatranto 4.

3?npt: s5 0? of Sister. See Gold.

silipohersu See Foreflallers and Leather. 3!nlaus3 See Bills of Exchange.

3inmntcsh

1. No Strangers'shall lodge in Towns but those for whom their Bolls will answer, St. ifinton, 13 Edi .ft. 2. C 4.

2. Receiving them in Cottages prohibited, 31 El. C 71 §6.

For other Flatters, see ©ottagco.

1. Commissions to Judges to inquire of the Impoiitions of Innkeepers, Regrators and Labourers, 27 Ed. ft. 1. C 3.

a,, No inn holder shall make iiorfe bread, 21 Jac. 1. C zi. § 2.

3. For third Offence to be fet in Pillory, (Ac. 21 Jac 1. C 21. § 4.

For other Matters, see julcijollfes, 15ccv aitb Ulc, 3j£>$att bp, ©ttftotns 6, (Ac. aionboit 8.

slncitutitfon

1. te 'vita asel .memlrh shall be granted free, M. C 9 11. 3. r. 26.

2. All of the Township of twelve Years old, ought to come to Inquisitions of the Death ofa Man, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 24.

3. Shall be of sufficient Men, (Ac. St. Wtjlm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 11.

4. Article; to be inquired of concerning the king's Lands Extensa Manerii, 4 Ed. i.jl. 1.

5. Inquisitions and Indidlments shall be taken by twelve Men who shall put their Seals to them, St. ivejlm. 2. 13 Ed, 1. T. i3.

6. Bondmen may be sworn of Inquests for want of Freemen, St. Exon. 14 Edt.

7. Inquisitions to be taken before the granting Liberties, St. de Lilert. perqnir. 27 Ed. i.jl. 2.

8. Commissions of general Inquiry shall not be granted, 34 Ed.

3. r. I.

9. Traverses of Offices found before Efcheators to be tried in the king's Bench, 34 Ed. 3. C 14.

10. Commissions to inquire of certain Articles shall be granted to the Judges, (Ac. 42 Ed. 3. C 4.

11. Cotnmissioners shall take Inquells by Men impanelled by the Sheriff, 8 II 6. C 16.

12. Lands seized into the king's Hands upon Office found, shall be let to Farm to him that tenders a Traverfc, 8 H. 6. C 16. 1 H. 8. C 10.

13. Offices found before Efcheators shall be returned within a.

Month, 8 H. 6. C 16. 18 H. 6. r. 7.

14. No Lands shall be granted by Patent till the king's Title be found, 18 11. 6. C 6.

15. Justices of Peace may take an Inquest to inquire of the Concealment of other Inquests, 3 11. 7. C 1.

16. The Qualification of Commissioners to inquire of Lands, i

II 8. r. 8. § 1 (A 2.

17. How Inquisitions shall be taken and returned, 1 H. 8. C 8.

18. How they shall be tmverfed, 2^3 Ed. 6. C 8.

19. Lessees, Copyholders, (Ac, not to lose their Interest, though omitted in an Office, 2 sr 3 Ed. (sc. 8.

20. The Intcrefl of Strangers saved though not found by the Inquest, 2 (A 3 Ed. 6. C 8. 4 3.

For other Matters, see ©0?011cv, <gfcl)catoj, ^rtattcljlfcs 4, it. 31teland, jubctttes 18. s3jjartl; alfea 2.

3!nrolmenl

1. Exemplification of the Inrolment of Deeds destroyed by Rebels, made Evidence, 6 R. 2. C 4.

2. No Estate of Freehold to pass by Bargain and Sale without Inrolment, 27 H. 8. C i6. Extended to the Counties Palatine, 5 El. e. 26.

3. The Customs of Cities, (Ac. to inrol Bargains and Sales saved, 34 (A 35 II 8. C 22.

4. Records touching Fines and Recoveries may be enrolled, 23 El. C 3.

How Recognifances shall be enrolled, 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 18. 8 Geo. 1. C 23.

6. Patentees may inrol so much of their Charters in the king's Bench as concerns particular Liberties, 4 (A 5 IF. (A M. C 22.

7. Time given for the Inrolment of the Crown Leases, 10 Ann. C 18.

8. A Copy of a Bargain and Sale enrolled shall be as fufficientas the original Deed, 10 Ann. C 18. 4 3.

For other Matters, see suicltdilicht 3. isntgatlt ttlt)

15atou aitb Jfcnic 7. exemplification, jfcloup cut clet'se, Title 2>eebs ititollc'o. Jfmes, (Ac. 22. 3?vaiicl)ffcg 11. Rapids, patents 6. isccognijaucefi 13. yicgffkr, 5>afe ©ontmlt 4.

3!nu0 of Com.

Their Windows how taxed, 8 (A 9 IF. 3, C 20. § 19.

3jnfoftent Debtor

Relieved, 1 ann.jl. 1. C 25. 2 (A 3 Ann. C 16. 6 Geo. 1. CL

22. 11 Geo. 1. C 21. 2 Geo. 2. C 20, 22. 21 Geo. 2. C 31. 28 Geo. 2. C 1 3. 29 Geo. 2. C 18. 1 Geo. 3. C 17.

Sinfflttlticm See Intrusion.

3intance.

1. Chancellor may award Commissions for hearing Causes upon Policies of Assurance, 43 El. e. 12. „.

2, Further

Mnturcs

3!t*etantr.

anftitonce. - oint tenants?, C

2. Further Powers given to the Commissioners, 13 S' Car. 2.

e. 23.

3. Insuring uncustomed Goods prohibited, 4 (FAS' MC. 15. §

14. 8 S' 9 W. 3. C 36. § 2.

4. Offices for insuring Marriages, Births, Stv prohibited, g

C 6. § 37. io Ann. C 26. § 109.

3, Two Corporations for Assurance to be erected, 6 go. 1. C 18.

6. Their Stock exempt from Taxes, 6 Geo. j. C ts. § 10.

7. Other Corporations, Sr. prohibited to insure, 6 Geo. C 18. § 12.

8. Forging their Seal, Policies, So. death.without Clergy, 6 Geo. I. r. 18. § 13,

9. south-sea Company and East india may, notwithstanding, lend Money on their Ships by way of Bottomry, 6 Geo. 1, r. 18. 4 26.

10. The Insurance Corporations discharged of Money due to the Crown, 7 Geo. 1. C 27. § 26-

11. Insurance Companies liable to single Damages and Cods only, 8 Geo. 1. r. 1 5. § 23.

12. Insurance Corporations may plead the General I flue in Actions ofdebt, and Jury shall assess the single Value, 11 Geo. 1.

c• 3° § 43-

13. Insurance made by undamped Notes, void, 11 Geo. ic. 30. 344.

14. Policies on Ships that export Wool, void, 12 Geo. C 21. $ 33-.

13. Obligee in Bottomree or re/fondentia Bond admitted to prove Debt on Commission of Bankruptcy, as if Loss had happened before issuing of the Commission, 19 Geo. 2. C 32. § 2.

16. Insurance on effeits of Subjects, Interest or no Interest, prohibited, except from the Dominions of Spain and Portugal, Sr. 19 Geo. 2. r. 37.

17. Privateers excepted, 19 Geo. 2. C 37. § 2.

15. re assurance except in Cases of Insolvency, Sr. prohibited, 19 Geo. 2. C 37. § 4.

19. Regulation of Insurance and Bonds for Money borrowed on Bottomree on India Ships, 19 Geo. 2. r. 37. § 5..

20. Infurcd to declare in Writing on Demand what Sums they have insured, 19 Geo. 2. C 37. $6.

21. Insurers permitted to bring Money into Court, 19 Geo. 2. C 37. § 7.

22. Insurance of French Property prohibited during the War, 21 Geo. 2. C 4.

23. ' Insurance of foreign Ships and Goods trading io India, under new Commissions prohibited, 23 Geo. 2. r. 26.

24. Shares in Offices for insuring of Houses, how taxable, 4 Geo.

3. r. 2. § 54.

For other Matters, see lisaufetupt <11. cuuoills 67, Sr.

<££aft=31nm'a Company 32. ©jcenlanb 10. lotteries

2. jsdjtpfj 56. Stamps, Cilool 64.

Sinteteft of See Usury, 1

Sllteffnte. See Administrator.

antnifioin

1. The Heir of the king's Tenant, intruding on the King, gains

no Freehold, 4 Ed. 1. ft. 3. r. 4. 17 Ed. 2. C 13.

2. Ecclesiastical Persons entering before Payment of first Fruits deemed intruders, 26 H. 8. r. 3. § 3.

3. Bishops, Sr. may notwithstanding give Institution and Induction, ibid. § 7.

4. In Informations of lntrufion, the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and retain the Possession till Trial, 21 Ja. 1. C 14.

anfjento#.

1. Inventory of the Goods of a Testator, how to be made, 21 H. 8. r. 5. S 5.

2. And exhibited, 22 S' 23 Car. 2. r. 10. 1 fa. 2. r. 17*.

What Stamp duties to pay, see s>tatnps.

A Duty of Excffe granted to the Town, 5 Geo. 1. r. 17. it Geo. 2. C 16.

3loljn of Simtfalem. See Monasteries.

3!oxnt Ccitnuts? aim Cenmits fit Common;

1. Where they may bring Wafie, 13 Ed. ft. 1. r. 22.

2. What is to be done where Jointcnancy is pleaded in Abatement ofaflife, 34.5v, y. 1.

3. How compellable to make Partition, 31 f, 8. r. 1. 32 //. .S.

3 *

4. Where the Court may proceed to Judgement on a Writ of Partition on defendant's Default, 8 S 9 W. 3. r. 31. § I, 2.

5. The Suit shall not be abated by Plea or Death, 8 S 9 W. 3.

C ■ U. § 3 •

6. judgement in Partition bow to be executed by the Sheriff or Undersheriff, 8 S 9 W. 3. r. 31. § 4, 5.

7. May bring Account agsinft their Companions, 4 Ann. c.16. § 27-

For other Matters, fe Abatement 7. sutboldfott L 5.

Coin 4. partition, Ktafte 8.

3!ointtu: eg.

1. Widows disabled from aliening or discontinuing their Jointures, 11 II 7. C 20. 32 H. 8. r. 36..§ 2.

2. A Jointrefs is barred of Dower, 27 II 8. C 10. § 6, 7, 8, 9.

3. Jointure after Marriage, unless by Ad of Parliament, maybe waved at Election, ibid..

4. A Popifti Recusant shall lose her Jointure, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. § 13.

i'oljtlfou (Martha, Thomas, John Jin5 Trances.)

Their Right to Houses and Shops belonging to the Fleet favedj 8 S 9 IV 3. C 27. § 18.

3foutnepmen.

Not to be restrained by Oath or Bond from setting up their Trade, 28 //. 8. r. 5.

For Journeymen Tailors and Sloemakers, see ietflplojs and

Sdjoemafeere.

And see farther, Ilnhottvcrc, t&ejanufaffureis, sjcttfliuc,

cstooilen £i£atut failure,

3ipftuiclj4

Its Streets how repaired, and Miniller provided for, 13 el.t. 24.

Iceland

1. Parceners shall all do Homage, 14/7.3.

2. The king's Officers shall not purchase Land there, Ordin fro statu Hibern. 17 Edi, C 1.

3. Purveyance restrained there, Ord. pro ft. Hibern. 17 Edi, C 2.

4. Merchants shall carry their Goods there freely without arrest ments, Ord. fro ft. Hib. 17 Ed. 1. C 3.

3. Fees of a Bill of Grace, Ord. pro ft, Hib. 17 Ed. 1. C 4.

6. The marfhal's See for a Prisoner, Ord. pro ft. Hib. 17 Ed. 1.

C 5*

7. Pardons' shall not be granted there without the king's Command, Ord. fro ft. Hib. Vf Edi. C 6.

8. Process (hail be under the Great Seal or the Exchequer Seal, Ord. pioft. Hib. 17 ELI. C 7.

9. Aflifes of Novel Difftifin shall rot be adjourned but in the County, Ord. Pro ft. Hibern. 17 Ed. 1. C 8.

4 10. The

atelanti?

10. The Staple Places there, .and the Customs of those Commodities, 27 Ed, 3.7?. z.c. 1.

11. Liberties granted to the Church and People of Ireland, 31 Ed, 5 ft 4. C 1, ifc.

1 z, Business of the Land to be difeuffed in Council, ifc. 31 Edict

4 C 2'

13. The king's Ministers shall put away all private Counsellors of their own, 31 Ed. 3./. 4. C 3.

14. Inquisitions to be made of Felonies, 31 Edict. 4. C 5.

15. No general Pardon to be granted but in Parliament, 31 Ed. 3.7?. 4. r. 6.

16. Prelates, ifc. to certify the State of Ireland truly, 31 Ed. 3.

ft i. C j.

17. Ministers, ifc. shall not give Maintenance, 31 £7.3.7?. 4. C 10.

18. Exchequer not to hear Common Pleas, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 4. C 11.

19. ' Suggeltion against Officers to be under the English Seal, 31 Ed. ft. 4. r. 12.

20. The Justice ot Ireland in every County shall inquire once a Year of Debts paid to the sheriff's, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 4. C 14.

21. Discharge in the Exchequer, 31 Ed. 3. Jl. 4. C 15.

2z. None to be imprisoned unduly, 31 Ed. Jl. 4. C 16.

23. Annual Inquiry of the Behaviour of Officers, 31 Ed. 3.7?. 4.

>7*..

24. The king's Subjects in Ireland shall use the same Laws with the English, 31 Ed. 3. Jl. 4. C 18.

25. Misdemeanours of Clerk of the Market how punished, 31 Ed.

3. /?. 4. r. 19.

26. Merchants may repair thither with their Merchandise, 34 Ed.

3. r. 17.

27. Englifto who have Lands there may carry and re carry their Goods, 34 Ed. 3. C 18.

28. Irish to live on their Benefices, 1 H. 5. C 8.

29. Certain Irish forbid to continue in England, \ H. 3. C 8. 1

H. 6. C 3. 2 H. 6. C 8.

30. Irijhmen not to be promoted to Dignities in the Church in Ireland, ifc. 4 H. 5. C 6.

31. Not to be Principals of any Halls in Oxford, 1 II 6. C 3.

32. The Sacrament to be administered in .both Kinds to the People there, 1 Ed. 6. C 1. § 7.

33. How Bithops there arc to beelefted, 1 Ed. 6. C 2.

34. For reducing the Rebels of Ireland, 16 Car. 1. C 28. § 30, fc. 1 IV if m.jl. 2. C 9.

33. The new Oaths to be taken in Ireland, 3 IV if M. C 2. 1

Ann. Jl. 2. C 17.

36. Quakers to make the Declaration of Fidelity, 3 W. If M. C 2. § 13.

37. Linen, Hemp and Flax, may be imported from Ireland free,

11f % IV 3. C 39. 8 if q IV 3. C 20. § 10.

38. Iron may be imported from Ireland free, 8 If 9 W. 3. C 20. § 10.

39. For Sale of the Estates of Irish Rebels, 11 If tz IV 3. C 2.

.1 Ann. ft. t. C 31. if C 32. 1 ann.ft. 2. C 21. 2 if 3 Ann.

C 10. 4 Ann. C 24.

40. Augmentations of small Vicarages in Ireland, 1 Ann. ft. 1, r 31-

41. Papjfts disqualified from purchaffng the forfeited Estates in Ireland, 1 Ann. ft. I. C 32.

42. Leases, ifc. to Papills void, 1 Ann. ft. 1. e. 32. § 9. — Except Leases of Cottages under 302. ibid. § 10. — Two Acres only to be let with a Cottage, § 21.

43. Irish Linen may be exported to the Plantations, 3 bf 4 Ann. C 8.

44. New Roft a Port for exporting Wool, 4 Ann. C 7.

4;. Confirmation of a Grant to the Archbiffioprick of Dublin, 4 Ann. C 2 6.

46. Forfeited Impropriations in Ireland applied to the building of Churches, ifc. 5 Ann. C z5.

47. Certificate of Goods landed in Irtlanl to be signed by the

Collector, ifc. 5 Geo. |. C 11. § 3, 27 Geo. 2. C 18. § 4.

3il‘0it.

48, India Goods not to be imported into Ireland from foreign Parts, 3 Geo. I. C 11. § 12.

49. The Dependency of Ireland aliened, 6 Geo. 1. C 5.

5 C Judicial Authority of the Floufe of Peers in Ireland denied, 6 Geo. 1. C 5. 5 2.

51. Ships of 50 Tonnes hovering on the Coast of Ireland to give Bond for proceeding on their Voyage, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 62. 12 Geo. 2. C 22. § 1.

32. Commissioners of Excise in Ireland to determine Offences in shipping Wool, ifc. 6 Geo. 1. e. 21. §64. In running India Goods, 12 Geo. 2. C 22. § 3.

33. Foreign Hops not to be imported into Ireland, 5 Geo. 2. C 9.

54. Ships to be ihtioned to hinder the Exportation of Irifto Woollen Manufactures, 5 Geo. 2. C 21.

53. No Sugar, ifc. of the Briiijh Plantations to be imported into Ireland, unless shipped in Great Britain, 6 Geo. 2. C 13. § 4;

56. Duties on Woollen or Bay Yarn from Ireland taken off, 12 Geo. 1. C 21.

57. Manufadlures of Hemp and Flax, may be.irnported free, 16 Geo. 2. C 26. § 6.

58. Foreign Glass not to be imported into Ireland, 19 Geo. 2. C

12. § 19,

59. Glass not to be exported from Ireland, 19 Geo. 2. C 12. § 21.

60. Importation of dirty Butter from Ireland, commonly called Grease Butter, permitted, 3 Geo. 3. C 20.

61. Importation oftallovv, hogs lard, ifc. permitted, 4 Geo. 3.

C 6.

62. Importation of Provisions from Ireland permitted, 4 Geo. 3. C 28.

For other Matters, see (ffclttlc 27. coills 31. cotfcc 23. dctifroms q2, ifc. Dublin, jrcca 4;. Jrlajc s, ifc. jfojfeitcb <£(laicc, <25lafs 3. imbcns <£o?}ms 7. i£ops 11. jkf 'a 28-. 9110119. &ttig ct. ifc. uunnerc

5. 1, 24, ifc. lotteries 13. fl^anufaffiircs 2. ^cr cljants 30. fsjjancp 3;?. Oatl; s, plantations 43, tfc.

£a>ail Cloth 13- alt.. 26, ifc. teamen 50.

Dilips isolbt'ers 63, fc. <£a!loixi 3. Cobacco 14, 13, fc. (iijagtants 21. sslsnals 24. £jtool 44. 46, ifc.

s.i'on

1. Exportation of Iron prohibited, 28 Ed. 3. C 3.

2. Iron Gads (hull not be made in Resemblance of Steel, 2 if 3 Ed. 6. C 26.

3. Timber not to be coaled for Ironworks, 1 El. C 13. 23 £/,

C 3. 27 El. C 19.

4. New Ironworks not to be erected within 22 Miles of London, ifc. 23 El. C 3. § 3'.

3. Nor in Suffix, Surry, or Kent, 27 EL C 19.

6. The Ironworks charged with amending the Roads, 27 El. u

19. 39 EL C 19. - '

7. Duties on Importation of Iron, ifc. 2 IV if M. fejf. 2. C 4. § 14, ifc.

8. Iron (except Gun Metal) and Copper from English Oar, may be exported, 5 IV if M. C 17..

9. Bar Iron may be imported from Ireland, 7 if 8 W. 3. C 10.

§ 17-

10. No Drawback of Customs on exporting foreign wrought Iron, 2 if 3 Ann. C 9.) 1 z.

11. No Drawback on Iron or Steel imported and afterwards exported to the Plantations, 9 Ann. C 6. § 3.

1 2. Trade with Spain in unwrought Iron permitted, 9 Ann, C 21.

§ 63-.

13. Piglron may be imported from the Plantations free, 23 Geo. 2. C 29.

14. Bar Iron from the Plantations may be imported to London, 23 Geo. 2• C 29. Or to any Sort, 30 Geo. 2. C 16.

13. Ironworks charged with the land fax, 4 Geo. 3. C 2.

§ 4-

For aether Matters, see jjlvtus, ^fcloltp ixutljtu clfl'fjlb

'11 tie

4*

sutiffm&nt#

Sitin'^'

Tale 3iro!t, ^tgt)toai>is 9. fsjtonufasuvcg, 2j3ntcc; Monopolies 3. eaiood 9.

3l‘0n crhltx. See Wire,

3il*dute

A Duty of Excise'granted to the Town, 9 Geo. 2. C 27*

sisulcll [elt)u\] See Mercy.

Hlfelautu

[. Compofttion Fish to betaken as usual of Subjefits travelling into Ij'eland, 5 El. C 5. §5.

2. Fishing Vessels not to proceed on their Voyage to Weflmony and If land, till the 10th of March yearly, 15 Car. 2. C 16.

3!fle of cij?. See Ely.

He Of See Man.

Of smtffljt. See Wight.

3!{ttieg. See General Ifliae.

1. The Sheriff to be amerced if he answers not sufficiently, St. Weflm. 1. 3 Edt. ct 43.

2. Issues to be delivered in the Wardrobe, ibid.

3. What Things are Issues to be distrained, St. wcjint, 2. 13 Ed. ic. 39*

4. Issues shall not be levied till they are ellreated, St. de Tin. lensat. 27 Ed. \, fl. 1, C 2.

J. Where Issues lost shall be discharged, 1 fa. 1. r. 26. § i1, Ac. For other Matters, see cftteatg and 3fluttcls,

. 3!ufse0.

1. For Payment of the Judges Wages, 10 B. 6.

2. Their Commifiions, how to be made, and Salaries ascertained,

.and how they may be removed, 12 13 IV 3. C 2. § 3.

. Their Salaries augmented, 32 Geo. 2. C 35.

. To continue during good Behaviour, notwithstanding the de mise of the Crown, 1 Geo. 3. C 23. " ' •

For other Matters, see jfiufttccjs Of <$fli'fc, and of the five ral Courts.

3!ut>snient£

1. Judgments against the Great Charter, fsv. void, 25 Ed. 1. r. 2.

2. Peers to be defied in Parliament to give Judgement where it is delayed, 14 Ed. 3.7?. I. r. 5.

3. Judgments given shall Hand in Force till they are reversed by Law, and shall not be examined in Council, Ac. 4 H. 4, C 23.

4. Where Judgement shall not be arrested or reverled,) 6 £5? 17 Car. 2. C 8.

5. On Death of either Party after Verdict, Judgement may be entered in two Terms, 17 Car. 2. C 8.

6. Judgments as against Purchasers shall only relate to the Day of the Signing, 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 15.

7. For the doggeting and better Discovery of Judgments, 4 if 5 W. A M. C 20. Made perpetual, 7 W. 3. C 36.

8. Judgments not doggetea not to affect Purchasers, 4 if 5 IF. A M. C 20. § 3.

9. What Fees payable to Clerk of the Judgments, 4 if 5 IF. if

M. C 20. § 4. 5 6 IV A M. C 1 2.

10. The Capiatur taken away in Trespass, 3 IV If M. C 12.

11. Judgments in Wales and the Counties Palatine, to be marked as of the Time of Signing, 8 Geo. 1. C 25. § 6.

For her Matters, feabatement 23, 23. sjmcntmcnt 3,

4. ^feionp Clergy, Title Judgement. i§dr,

jgeofails, Ilcafcs 12. s^tbevtie© 3, limitations 9. You IX T a e„

3lut*ie&'

r. Where it is necessary, Persons shall be sworn that have Charters of Exemption, St. Marleb. 52 H, 3, C 14.

2. The Justices shall put none in Afiizes or Juries but those who were first summoned, St. iveflm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 30,

3. More than 24 shall not be summoned in one Assize; and old Men of seventy, infirm Persons, and they who do not reside in the Country, shall not be summoned, nor any who have Iefs than 20s. a Year, St. Weftn. 2, 13 Ed. 1. C 38.

4. None shall be put in Afiizes topafsout of the County, unlefj they have Lands to the yearly Value of 100 s, St. de its out fonend. Ac. 21 Ed. i.jl, I.

5. A Proviso for Cities, Ac. ibid.

6. Shall be of the moult sufficient and of the nearest, Art. fifr

Cart, 28 Ed. 1. f. 3. C 9. 34 Ed, 3. C 4.

7. Inquests shall not remain untaken on Account of Challenge fcir. the King, 33 Ed. t.f. 4.

8. The Punishment of a Juror that takes Money of the Parties,

5 Ed. 3, C 10. 34 Ed. r. 8. 38 Frf. 3./. 1. r. 12.

9. The Parties shall see the Panel if they desire it, 42 Ed. 3. C 1;.

10. No Panel shall be delivered by an Officer, but the Sheriffs shall return the Juries of themselves, 46 Ed. 3. in Appendix.

11. Jurors on Inquests to be returned indifferently, or indictment to be void, 11 H. 4. C 9.

12. In Juries of Life and Death, and real Actions, and where the Damages amount to 40 Marks, the Jurors shall have Lands of 401. a Year, 2 H, 5, Jt. 2. C 3,

13. Sheriffs shall not return their Officers or their Servants, 23 H

6. C 9.

14. Jurors in Middlesex shall be called the fourth Day, and their Appearance recorded, % Ed. a. C 3.

15. Qualifications of Jurors impanelled in the Torn, 1 R. 3. C 4.

16. Justices of Peace may impanel a Jury to inquire of the Concealments of other Juries, 3 h.j.c.i. 33 H. 8. C 6. § 20.

17. The Ability of Jurors in London, 11 H. 7. C 21. 4 h.8.c. 3.

S H. 8. C 5.

18. Panelsof Grand Juries to be reformed by the Justices, 11 H,

7, C 24. 3 H. 8. C 12.

19. The Sheriffs of Hampshire, Surry and Sujfext may fummotl

Jurors of less Ability to their Turns, 11 IL 7. C 26. 19 H. 7.

C 16.

20. The Qualification in Copyhold of a Juror to inquire of Riots, 19 H. 7. C 13.

21. Forfeiture of grand Jury making default in Attaint, 23 H. 8.

...

22. Jurors in Cases of Felony, Ac. in Cities and Towns, to be worth 40/. in Goods, 23 H. 8. C 13,

23. For the strict Custody of Jurors in Wales, 26 fif. 8, C 4.

24. Power given to Justices of Peace to reform Panels, 33 H. 8. •c. 10.

25. For the Return of Juries at Nif prius, 35 H. 8. C 6. Made perpetual, 2 Ed, 6. C 32,

26. A Tales de circumf antibus. may be granted at Nif Prius, 33 H. 8, C 6. § 6.

27. The Statute of Tales de circumf antibus extended to Cases of the Crown, 4 A 3 P, A M. C 7,

28. To efalesanh the Counties Palatine, 3 El. C 23.

29. A Tales, (Ac. may be granted at the Prayer of the Defendant,

14el C 9.

30. The Qualification of Jurors to be returned at Nif prius, 27 'El. C

31. The Penalty of returning Issues upon a juror not summoned, 27 EL C § 3.

32. Two Hundredors appearing shall be sufficient, 27 EL C 6.

§ 5-

33. The Place of Abode of a Juryman shall be mentioned in the Return, and in the Eftreat of Issues, 27 El. C 7, Made perpetual, 39 El. C 18.

3 4. Jurymen to have 201, per Ann. Freehold, 16 A 17 Car. 2. C 3.

N 35. jurymen

3uirie&

35. Jurymen to have 10 A per Ann. (Ac. 4 (A 5 //'. (A M. C 24. § 15. lu U'a'a 6 I. ibid.

36. Mill on Jurymen shall be duly eftrented, 4 y 5 IV (A M. th § 15‘

37. Penalty on the Sheriff not summoning Jurors six Days before, or excusing any for Reward, 4 S' 5 IF. (A M. C 24. § 16.

38. Persons having 5/. per Ann. may be returned upon the Tales, (Ac. \ (A 1 W. A M. C 24. § 18.

39. No Fee shall be taken on Return of a Tales, 4 iff 5 W. (A M. r, 24, § 20.

40. The Writ de nan ponendo in ajjijis not to be granted but upon Oath, 4 fjf 5 IV (A M. C 24. § 21.

41. After a Venire returned, if the Cause is not tried, a new Venire may be sued out, 7 A 8 IV 3. C 32.

42. thetalei to be of Jurymen returned on other Panels, y (A 8 IV 3. C 32. § 3.

43. The Conllables shall return to the Qnartcr sessions Lists of fufiicient Jurors, 7^8 IV 3. C 32. § 4. .8 (A C IV 3, C ro.

3 (A 4 Ann. C 18! § 5. 3 Geo. 2. C 25.

44. Jurors to be furamoned personally, or the Warrant to be left at their Houses, 7 (A 8 IV 3. C 32. § 5.

45. The Inhabitants of Wejhninjier exempted from serving at Sessions of Peace at Middlesex, 7 (A 8 IV 3. C 32. § 9.

46. Justices to iiliie Precepts to Conllables to make Returns of Jurymen, 8 IV 3. C to.

47. Freeholders of the yearly Value of 150 I. not to serve at the Sessions in Yorkjhirt, t Ann. ft. 2. C 13. § 3.

48. Penalty on the Sheriff of York for not keeping Books of the Jurors serving at the Sessions, or returning the same Person twice within four Years, 3 (A 4 Ann. C 18. § 3 (A 4. Not to excuse from serving at the Assizes, 1 o Ann. C 14. § 6.

49. Lists to be made from the Parish Rates, and fixed on the Church Door, 3 Gee. 2. r. 25. Made perpetual," 6 G 0. 2. C 37.

50. Duplicates of Lists to be returned by Clerks of the Peace,

• 3 Gee, 2. C 25, § 2.

51. Penalty on Shetiffs returning Persons not in the Lists, and on Clerk of Assize falsely recording'appcarances, 3 Geo. 2. C 25. § 3 •

5:. Sheriff to register the Names of Jurors, 3 Geo. 2. C 25.

§ V

53. Penalty of taking Money to excuse Persons from serving, 3 Geo. 2. C 25-. § 6.

54. Sheriff to annex a Pannel to the Venire, 3 Geo. 2. C 25. § 8. 53. Returns of Jurors in Wales, 3 Geo. 2. C 23. § 9.

c6. Jurors to be drawn by Ballot, 3 Geo. 2. C 25. § n..

5-7. special Juries may be ordered, 3 Geo. 2. c■ 25. § 15. Extended to the Counties Palatine, 6 Geo. 2. C 37. § 2,

58. Where a View is allowed, how to be made, 3 geo.2.c. 25.

§ M

59. Juiors in London to be Freeholders and worth too. 3 Geo.

2. r. 23. § 19.

60. Qualifications of Jurors in capital Cases, 3 Geo. 2. C 25. § 2c. CI Jurors liable to serve again in mijdltfex after two Terms, 4

■ Gio.. 2. C 7.

62. Leaseholders of 50 /. per Ann. qualified, 4 Geo. 2. C 7. § 3.

63. What Colts Avail be paid for praying a Special Jury, 24 Geo. 2. C 18.

64. Fees allowed to Jurymen, 24 Geo. 2. C i8 § 2.

65. No Challenge to the Array for want of a Knight, 24 Geo. 2. C 18.' §4.

66. Persons summoned on Juries in Courts of Record in Cities, Corporations and Franchises, and not attending, may be fined, 59 Geo. 2. C 19.

For other Matters, fte Abatement 16. ssjffifcar. Attaint 9, 11, 15, 17- ©ailtff 21. Challenge, Constable 10. Counties palatine 10. Cult cm 3 49. Cfdjeatoja 8. jfoitttp 29. jnbi&ments 2. Jufticce of 31ffife 7. huncafter 3. liberties 3. slajjnrffjalfca 2. Richiefeje. .2, 3, 5, 6. $iit pjtus 10, 11, Ac. L pfietaus z, (Ac.

3iiifticeu of afiicev

r&ljetiffo) Soatljlaatfe i. Hales, Cttal 16, (Ac. Hunt

C uftnlcs.

3lutf0 (Httum*.

1. Granted between one Church and another, st.weftm. 2. 13

Edi. C 24. - '

2. Granted to Vicars, (Ac. 14 Ed. y, .ft: \. C 17.

2110 patronntttsl

Not within the Statute of Limitations, 1 m.fejf, 2, C 3.

3iufficc.

f. Justice and Right shall not be sold, denied or delayed, M. C 9 H. 3. 29.

2. Right Shall be done to all without Respect, st.v/ejlm. k 3 Ed. 1. C 1.

3. Shall not be delayed for any Command under the Great Seal,

(Ac. zed.^.c.8. 14 Ed. 3.7?. L C 14. 11 R. 2. C ic.

For other Matter, see Liberties.

3jtifucc0 of 8flifr*

1. Two Justices sworn to take Assises, (Ac. three times a Year, 13 Ed. 1. C 30.

2. Justices of Assise, if Laymen, shall deliver the Gaols, 27 Ed. ft.' 1. C 3.

3. Justices of Assise to be appointed, to the several Circuits, St. de Juftic. aftign. incerti temp. 1 Vol. 188. 4 Ed. 3. C 2.

4. Alfifes, (Ac.. shall be taken before the Justices commonly assigned, 2 Ed. 3. C 2.

3. Shall make their Circuits thrice in the Year, 4 Ed. 3. C 2.

6. Shall inquire of Maintained, Conspirators and Champertors, ' and may adjourn their Proceedings into the Court where the are Justices, 4 Ed. 3. C 11.

7. Shall have Commifllon to inquire of Misdemeanours of Officers, Maintained, Jurors, (Ac. 2 Ed. 3. C 5. 20 Ed. 3. C 6.

8. Justices of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery and Assise shall be sworn, 20 Ed. 3. C 3.

9. Shall hold their Sessions in the County towns, 6 R. 2. C 3.

10. No Man of the Law shall be Justice of Assise or Gaol Delivery in his own Country, 8 R. 2. C 2. 13 H. 4. C 2. 33

II 8. C 24. May aft in the Gaol Delivery, 1 2 Geo. 2. C 27.

U. The Chief justice of the Common Pleas Shall be appointed among the Judges of Assise, 8 R. 2. C 2. 13 H. 4-. C 2.

12. Shall hold their Sessions where the Chancellor, with the Advice of the Justices Shall appoint, it R. 2. C 11.

13. Shall not permit others to sit on the Bench with them, 20 R. 2. C 3.

14. May try Indiftments for counterfeiting Money, (Ac. 3//. 5.

<-• 7-

15. Shall hold their Sessions for Cumberland at Carlfte, 14 H. 6.

16. Can be made by none but the King, 27 H. 8. C 23.. § 2.

17. They Shall be attended by the Bailiffs, (Ac. 27 H. 8. C 24.

§ 7*

18. They fnall proclaim the Statutes against Maintenance, 32#.

8. C 9. § 3.

19. The Statute 33 H. 8. C 24. that none Shall be Justice of Assise in his own Country, not to extend to Lancaster, 33 H. 8. C 24- §7

20.. Justices of Assise how to take Affidavits in their Circuit, 29 Car. 2. C 3.

21. May hold the Assises for Cornwall at other Places besides

Launcrfton, 1 Geo. I. C 45.

2. Summer Assises to be held at Rockingham, 21 Geo. 2. C 12. For other Matters, see <#gicnbit 2. shfi'fc, 3lttnillt0 2.

•©ail 14. Coimuifuons 1. jdifcoutiiuiancc of ja>?o= ccfg 1. jfcec, Juries z. ^oncp zy. per aubher* miner, Jftccojbs 1,

Justices,

mtos of aol iddftctp.

Eunices! of peace

Suffices of foots 'Beitcfoes,

1. Shall decide Pleas commenced before other Matter be arraigned, St. Weftm. i. 3 Edi. C 46,

2. The Chancellor and Justices of the king's Bench shall follow the King, Art. fifer Cart. 28 Edict. 5. C 5.

3. The Judges Oath, \8ed. i ft. 4.

4. Of the Immunity of Judges from Prosecutions, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 4. r. 17.

5. The Duty of the Judges, 20 Ed. 3. C 1 fif 2. 8 R. 2. C 3.

9 R. 2. C 1.

6. The Chief Justice of the king's Bench not to be Justice of Assise, except in the County of Lancaster, 13 H. 4. C 2.

7. For Payment of the Judges Salaries, io H. 6. ft. 2.

8. The Court of king's Bench may remit Prisoners to be tried in the Country, 6 H. 8. C 6.

For other Matters, fie cletgb 21. collultffliottfl I. 5dltc0lt timtaitce of jajoccfc 1. exceptions, ^fccs, Juhgcs, Liberties, $iifi pjius, Officers.

3!ufifcc0 lit See Eyre.

Suffices of dftaol Delifoetp.

1. Jullicesof Assise, if Laymen, shall deliver the Gaols, 27 Ed. ft. 1. C 3.

2. The Justices of Peace shall deliver over their Indiftments to the Justices of Gaol delivery, 4 Ed. 3. C z.

3. Shall be fwom like as the other Judges, 20 Ed. 3, C 3.

4. Two Men of the Law in each County shall be in the Com

• of Gaol delivery, 17 R. 2. C to.

5. None but the King can make them, 27 H. 8. C 24. § 2.

6. They shall be attended by Bailiffs, fsk. 27 H. 8. C 24. § 7.

7. May give Judgement on Prisoners convicted before other Justices,

1 Ed. 6. C 7. § 3.

8. The granting a new Commission of Gaol delivery, or of the Peace, in a Town Corporate, shall not avoid the former com mission, 2 Cf 3 P. & M. C 18.

9. Justices of Gaol delivery may aft in their own Countries, 12

- Geo. 2. C 27.

3!ufficeg cf £)pev anti Centimes

1. Commiftions of Oyer and Terminer shall be granted only to the Justices of either Bench and in Eyre, except for heinous Trespass, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 29.

2. Shall go Circuits to hear and determine Trespasses, St. Ragm. incerti temp. 1 Vol. 188.

3. Oyers and Terminers shall not be granted but for horrible

Trespasses, 2 Ed. 3. r. 2. 34 Ed. 3. C 1.

4. Justices of Oyer and Terminer may direst Writs to a foreign County to take Felons, 5 Ed. 3. C 11.

5. May try Ttcafons, Misprisions of Treason and Murder in any County, after the Council have examined into it, 33 H. 8. C 23.

For other Matters, see justices of Sflffifr, justices Of (ewoltdcitberp, Justices of 29cacc,

Suffices of ponce

1. Good Men shall be assigned to keep the Peace in every County, 1 Ed. 1, ft. 2. C 16. ^ Ed. 3. C 2. 34 Ed. 3. C 1.

2. Shall have Power to punith Offenders against the Statute of Winchrfter, 2 Ed. 3. C 6,

3. Shall have Commission of Oyer and Terminer, is Ed. i.jl. 2. C 2.

4. Their general Authority, 34. Ed. 3. C 1.

5. Justices shall inquire of Weights and Measures, 34 Ed. 3. C 3.

6. There fnall be six Justices in every County beside the Justices of Affile, and they shall hold four Sessions in the Year, 36 Ed.

3. e. 12. 12 R, 2. C 10. Eight Justices befile the Peers,

14 j?. 2. C 11. 2 H. %. ft. 1. C 4.

7. No lord's Steward shall be a Justice of Peace, 12 R. 2. C 10.

8. Shall be of the mod fufticient Knights, Esquires and People of the Law, 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 7.

9. The Peers shall not have Wages as Justices of Peace, 14 R. 2. C 11.

10. Justices to put their Names to Eftreats, 14 R. 2. C 11.

11. Justices of the Shorum shall be Resident in the County, and' make their Sessions four Times a Yea., 2 H. 5. ft. 1. r. 4.

12. Justices shall be Resident in the Counties, 2 H. 5. ft. 2. C 1,

13. Proceedings shall not be discontinued by a new Commiifion,

11 H. 6. C 6.

14. At Liberty to hold but two Sessions in the Year in middhfex, 14 II 6. C 4.

13. Shall have Lands of 20/. a Year, is H. 6. C 11.

16. Not to extend to Cities, Towns, fife. incorporate, is II 6. C it. § 2.

17. Justices to award Process on Indiftments in the Turn, 1 Ed..

• C 2 •

18. May bail Persons arrelled on Suspicion, and inquire of Escapes, 1 R. 3. C 3. '

19. Goods not to be seized on fufpieion, ibid.

20. Shall certify Recognizances for keeping the Peace at the next Sessions, 3 H. 7. C 1.

21. Shall four Times in the Year make the Proclamation to keep the Laws, 4 II 7. C 12.

22. Shall hold their Sessions in the usual Places, 27 H. 8. C 24.

§ 17*

23. Shall divide themselves into Hundreds to inquire of Vagrants,

fife. 33 H. 8. C 10. 37 H. 8. C 7.

24. A Sheriff shall not be a Justice or Peace during the Time that he is Sheriff, 1 m.ft. 2. r. 8.

25. The Justice who commits a Felon shall take the Examination of the Prisoner, and the Informations of the Witnesses, and bind Witnesses to appear, 1 fif 2 P. fif M. C 1 3. § 4. iff 3 P. fif M. C 1 o.

26. Justices of Peace and their Officers to plead the General Issue,

and have double Costs, 7 fa. 1. 5, 21 fet. 1. C ] 2.

27. Actions agamft Justices of Peace and their Officers and Churchwardens, fife, shall belaid in the proper County, 21 fa. 1. C 12.

28. Justices residing in Cities and Corporations may act for the County, 9 Geo. 1. C 7. § 3.

29. Shall have Lands of 100/. a Year, 3 Geo.2. C 18. 18 G; o.

2. C 20.

30. Attorneys and Proctors not to be Justices, 3 Gee. vr. is.

§ 2-. ■ - -

31. Not to incapacitate any Peer or Person qualified to serve for

Knight of the Shire, 5 Geo. 2. C 18. § 5. 18 g.o.'z'. Sc.' 20.s

§ 13....;

32. Saving of the Rights of the Universities, 5 Geo. 2. C 18.

§, 7. 18 Geo. 2. C 20. § 15.

33. Quarter sessions on Appeal to amend Defects in Form, 3 Geo. 2. C 19.

34. The Aft 5 Geo. 2. C 18. not to extend to deprive vice-chancellor, fife, of Cambridge from being Justices, 7 Geo. ze C 10.

35. Justices of a Liberty may commit to the Iloufe of Correction of the County, 15 g10. 2. C 24.

36. Power given the Justices to aft in Matters relating to their own Parifties, 16 Gee. 2. C 18.

37. What Qualifications are requisite for Justices of a County,

13 Geo. 2. C 20.

38. May endorse Warrants against Persons that have efenped into

their Jurisdiction, 23 Geo. 2. C 26, § 11. 24 G 0. 2. C 33.

39. A month's Notice to be given of an intended Action against

a Justice of Peace, 24 Geo. 2. C 44. 20 G 0. 2. C 24. § 23.

40. A Justice of Peace may tender Amends in Bar of an Attion, 24 Geo. 2. C 41. § 2.

N 2 4!. May

Suffice of Peace

41. May pay Money into Court, 24 Geo. 2. C 44. § 4,

42. No Evidence to be given of other Cause than in the Notice, 24 Geo. 2. C 44. § 5.

43. aion not to be brought against a Confiable acting under a Warrant, unless he refuses a Copy of it, 24 Geo. 2. r. 44. § 6.

44. Double Cods to be given againtl a Justice for wilful and malicious Acts, 24 Geo. 2. C 44. § 7.

4;. Justice to endorse the Warrant of a Justice for' another County, 24 Geo. 2. C 55.

46. Fees of Justices Clerks to be regulated, 26 Geo, 2. e. 14.

47. Orders of J .Rices not to be vacated for not expressing one of them to be of the s>uon*m, 26 Geo. 2. e. 27.

48. How the Table of Fees to Jullices Clerks in Middlesex shall be confirmed, 27 go. 2. e. if. § 4.

49. Oath of Office where to be taken on Demise of the King, 1 Geo, 3. C 13.

For othermatters, see lt tfic. 2, 18, 24. «sttietlblhctlt 9. slpp^cnticee jo. 'jlsatl 9. Ratliffs 20. ilsaftarb 3, 6. ■215?aubp 53. isjcfaer 5, 9. Stages 19, 28. ate rage 9. Cetttojavt 14, 21. ©leth of tlpe 33eace 4. ©■oacljes 16. Coals 20, 54. ©ominiffioners t, 7, 8. oti i2, 14, 18. ©cuntp Court 3. ©ountpirates 2, 3. Customciu, 127. idetiuiug potcftatein, jdiftiu icr 8, 13. ©ifttcfo 26. 3d?aperp 76, 99, CC cycicc 20, 34, bfc. Jlccs 10. jfeionp 29. jrity 17. tsv. jfcjctbk ©nttp 2. ante, ©aols, ©eneral 3!fiue, s&tgl)l»ape, inufc of co?rckton, 31ufticco of aol sdclibctp 2. 3labourcrs 5, 18, iac. ijlijh'us 3. fl^onep 27, tffc. 32>oo:, feluabcrs 8. ircnts 13. hjfots 4, 8, is'e. alt 30. N; crifts 34, 33, (Ac. Citl; cs 21. fa

grants, Hales,

K.

Batfjatine Cree Cijtircl), alias €ljutct).

See Saint Katharine.

Batljarine Ipnll

A Prebend of Norwich annexed to its Mastership, 12 atin.fi. 2-

r. 6. § 7.

Beeper Of 6?ent sent. See Chancery, 10.

: Beftlj, 6eo?p, Into €atl ^atfijal.

His Majesty enabled to grant a Sum out of the principal Money and Interest due to the Public on Account of the Purchase of Part of the Estates of the said Earl, 1 Geo. 3. C 15.

Belty alias 3l0ljltf0tt» ((Specie)

Subjedled to Pains and Penalties, 9 Gee. I. C 16.

Bengal. See Drapery. Benfingtcm.

1. Its Streets, how paved and cleansed;; keeping of Swine,

■ prohibited, 3 £? 4 IV..(A M. CII § 22. 8 L gw. 3. r-37.

2, For Relief of the Poor there, 29 Geo. 2. r. 63,

Bent See Highways.

Bent (ignrl of,)

■pfovisions relating to Writs of Error for reverjing Fines relating to the Title of Earl of Kent, 23 El. C 3. §8. 27 El. C 9. 4 12,

bcttlclb. See Iron.

To what Duties liable, 2 W. (3 m.fieff. 2. C 4. § i3. 4 W. tf M. C 5. § 2.

bidhetmhtfici*.

Stuffs how made there, 22 (A 23 Car. 2. C 8.

flltycft* See Adminiflrator, ching,

cutccn anu family

1. Inquiry to be made in the Turn De fcdudloribus Domini Regis, CL Regni, Dowing Regincr, et Liberorum Jucrum et eorum confeu taneis, St. Wall. 12 Ed. 1. See Appendix.

2. They that pursued and took King Edward II indemnified, 1 ed.yfi. 1. C 1. The same of King Richard II i_h. 4. C 2.

3. The Subjcdls discharged of all Obedience'to the King as King of France, 14 Ed. 3, fi. 5.

4. The king's Children born beyond Sea to be held natural Sub jects, 25 Ed. 3. fi. 2.

None to move or counsel the King to do anything against the Ordinance for Reformation of the Government; the second Offence Felony, 10 R. 2.

6. Refinance of evil Administration by War, justified, 11 2„

C 1.

7. The Crown entailed on the four Sons of King Henry IV 7 H.

4. C 2.

8. Rertraint on aliening the ancient Jewels of the Crown, II 6. C 5.

9. Judicial Acts, (Ac. of Henry IV Henry V and Henry VJ, other than in Parliament, confirmed, 1 Ed. 4. C 1.

10. They who faithfully serve the King for the Time being, as cording to their Allegiance, shall not forfeit anything for the same, 11 h.y.c. 1.

11. Penalty of not attending the King when he goes to War in Person, 11 H. 7. C 18. igh.y.c.t.

12. The King to be reputed Head of the Church, 26 H. 8. C i„

13. The Succession of the Crown limited, 25 H. 8. r. 22. 26 H. 8. C 2. 28 H. 8. C 7. 35 H. 8. C 1. 1 El. C 3. § 4.

14. Provisions for the Government of a King during his Minority, 25 H. 8. C 22. § 11.

15. Power given to the King to repeal Statutes made under his

Age of 24 Years, 28 H. 8. r. 17. 1 Ed. 6. C 11..

16. Taking the king's Hawks, hunting in his Parks in the Night, (Ac. made Felony, 31 H. 8. C 1 z.' 3 (A 4 Ed. 6. <-■ 17-

17. The king's Marriage with the Lady Anne of Clew dissolved, 32 II C 25.

18. The king's Royal Assent by Patent good, 33 H. 8. C 21,

§ 3-

19. The king's Style established, 35 H. 8. C 3. 1 Cff 2 P. (A M.

C 8. § 42.

20. The Penalty of affirming that the King is a Heretic, usurper, tffc. 5 y 6 Ed. 6, C 11.

21. Witholding the king's Castles or Stores made Treason, 5 (A 6 Ed. 6. C 11. § 3*

22. All Acts against King henry's Marriage with Queen Catharine repealed, 1 m.fi. 2. C 1.

23. The Royal Power declared to be as fully in a Queen as in a King, 1 M. fi. 3. C 1.

24. Queen Mary to have the Administration notwithstanding her

Marriage, 1 ll.fi. 3. C 2. 1 (A 2 PM. C 1.

2;. All foreign Authority within the Realm aboliffied, and ecclesiastical Jurisdiction annexed to the Crown, 1 El. C 1. § i63 17-

26. The Oath of Supremacy to be tak en, i El. C 1. § 19.

27. Maintaining foreign Authority for the third Offence is treason, 1 El. C 1. § 30.

28. The

ilnfff&tsf*

2?. The Right of Queen Elizabeth, and the Heirs of her Body, i EL C 3.

29. An Afiociation for Defence of Queen Elizabeth, 27 El, C 1.

30. The per/ons by whole Means the queen's Life may be ibortened, disabled to pretend Title to the Crown, 27 El. C 1.

31. Recognition of the Title of King James I. 1 Ja, 1, C 1.

32. of the Title of King Charles II 12 Car. 2. C 12. § 12.

33. The People have no coercive Power over the Person of the

King, 12 Car. 2. C 30. § 1. ■'

34. The Poll office Revenue, and Wine Licences, settled upon

the Duke of York, 15 Car. 2. C 14. 1 Ja. 2. C 12.

35. The Coronation Oath, 1 W. Isf M. C 6.

36. The Succession of the Crown limited, 1 W. ift m.fi. 2. C 2. §8.

37. Persons profeffirig the Fopifto Religion, * or marrying a Papist,

excluded from the Succession. 1.17. (ft M. Jl. 2. C 2. § 0. 12

W. 3. (. 2._ • -

38. The King shall take the Declaration against Popery, 1 W. (ft

M. ft. 2. C 2. § to. ‘

39. Recognition of King William and Queen Mary, 2 W. (ft M. C t.

40. Commissions, (ftc. not to ceafefor six Months after the Death

of the King, 7 (ft 8 W. '3. C 27. §21. 1 Ann. Jl. 1. C .8.

4 Ann', C '6 Anri. C 7. § 8.

41. To extend to Ireland, Jersey, gucrnfty, America, 13c. 1 Ann. Jl. I. C 8. § 6.

42. The Civil List Revenue granted to King William for Life, gift 10 W. 3. C 23. The Overplus discharged, 12 £5? 13 W.

3. C 12. § 4.

43. The Succession to the Crown settled upon the Princess Sophia, Eleftrefs and Diitchcfs Dowager of Hanover', 12 (ft 13 W. 3.. C 2.

44. The Civil List Revenue granted to Queen Anne, Ann. ft. 1. r. 7.

45. Grants of Lands to be only for 31 Years or three Lives, 1 Ann. ft. i. C 7. § 5. Of Buildings for fifty Years, ibid. § 6.

46. Hereditary Excise, Revenues of Poll office and fmallbranches not alienable, 1 Ann. ft. i. C 7. § 7. Forfeited Estates excepted, ibid. § 8.

47. Revenue of Prince' George of Denmark established,. X Ann. ft. 2, C 2.

48. Princess Sophia and her Iftue naturalised, 4 Ann. C t .(ft C 4.

49. Privy Council and other great'officers to continue six Months after the king's Death, unless, (ftc. 6 Ann. C 7. § 8.

50. The Great Seal and other public Seals to be used as the Seals of the Succefibr until, (ftc. 6 Ann, C 7. § 9.

31. The Succefibr empowered to appoint a Regency, 4 arne. 8. 6 Ann. C 7. § 11.

52. Precedency of the Piincefs Sophia, (ftc. settled, 10 Ann. C 4,

33. The Civil List granted to King George I. 1 Geo. 1. ft. tic. 1.

54. Reward for apprehending the Pretender, 1 Geo. \, ft. 1. C 1. § ft. 2, C 13, § 28.

55. Provision for Queen Caroline when Princess, I Geo. I. C 22. Principality of Wales granted to his present Majesty. 1 Geo. t. C 37-

56. The Restriction in the Aft of Settlement that the Kingfhould not depart the Land, be. repealed, 1 Geo. 1. C 51.

57. Annuities granted on the Civil List to discharge Debts, 7 Geo. 1. C 27. iz Geo. 1- C 2.

58. Provision made for his Majesty for the Civil Government, 1 Geo. 2. ft. 1. C 1.

59. His Majesty enabled to be Governor of the south-sea Company, I Geo. 2. ft. 1. C 2.

60. Provision made for Queen Caroline, 1 Geo. 2. ft. I. C 3.

61. Provision for the Debts of King George 1. 1 Geo. 2. ft. 2. C 8. § z6.

62. The Prince of Orange naturalised, 7 Geo. 2. C 3 (ft 4.

63. Annuity granted to the Princess Royal, 7 Geo. 2. C 13.

64. The Princess of Wales naturalised, 9 Geo. 2. C 24 (ft 28.

65. Provision made Pot the Princess of Wales, 10 Gic. 2. C 25.

66. A Settlement on the Duke of Cumberland and the Princesses,

12 Geo. 2. C 13.

67. Provision of a Marriage Portion for the Princess Mary, 13. Geo. 2. C 13,

68. Annuities granted to the Royal Family, freed from Taxes,

13 Geo. 2. C 10. § 21,

69. An additional Annuity granted to the Duke of Cumberland 19 Geo. 2. C 2g.

70. Regency settled in case of the Crown defending to a Minor,

24 Geo. 2. C 24.

71. His Majesty empowered to grant Entries to the Vaftals of tins Principality of Scotland, during the Minority of the Prince,

25 Geo, 2. C 20.

72. The Royal Family exempt from the land-tax, 30 Gee. 2,

C 3. § 9?. £593. 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 95, 96, 97.

73. Eftabliftiment of Court List, t Geo. 3.. C 1.

74. Hereditary and temporary Excise, Tunnage and Poundage, post o'ffice and finall Branches carried to the Aggregate Fund, 1 Geo. 3, C i. § 3.

73. King may be Governor of south-sea Company, ] go. 3, cs

'For other Matters, see Abatement 24, 28, 30. sjccotltlfc, (ftc. 1, to. #dl)olx)foix 1, 1 o, (ftc. imfjops 16, (ftc.

Cbancetp >• Cljadottc (fiuueetia cljurcliesj Conbos cation 2. cojmxmll, iidebt to the &tng, jdtfcotttttui auceof j5>jocefs, (ffifcljeats, rffi'nes 16. ^itft; 8fut(tg, (©jant of ttje Sing, jjusticcs of useusbcs 2. Jleafes zo. liberties, limitations 5, (ftc. sar tiages 17. Alpines, sllpojtmatu 16, (ftc. palaces,, plantations 15. pjevogatibe, illecobevp 6. iajdcoevs? 3. cveac.on, ‘htu'bcvftttcs 15. Bales patcrtt 3.

sxftts'si bntcfj See Corporation, Error, Information, Justices of both Benches, Land Tax, Marshalsea, Prison, Register, Treason, Wales.

25ei1C& plitolt* See Gaols, Marshal of the king's Bench, and Prisons.

patents! anti ©jmitss. See Grants of the King and Patents.

ut; lion.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 22 Geo, 2. C 13]

Ufngffcn upon $uu.

What Duties on Fish brought there, 33 H. 8. 0. 33. § I.

A Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 13 Geo„ 2. C 8;

ta'ffdtg, anti itnfff&tjs ©et'oi ce,

j. None to be distrained for more Service fora knight's See than is due, M. C 9 H. 3. C to.

52. Aids pur fairs fttz chevalier, (ftc. regulated,. St. West ai; 3 Edt. C 36.. 23 Ed. y?, 5. C it.

3. None shall be distrained to take Knighthood that have less J than 40 /. a Year, or that are encumbered with Debts, or tha£

hold in Burgage, (ftc. St. de milit. 1 Ed. 2. ft. I.

4. None shall be compelled to take Knighthood, 36 Car. 1. C 20.

5. Who to be Contributors to die Expenses of Knights coming to Parliament, 12 A. 2. C 12.

6. Knights Service abolished, 12 Car, z. C 24.

3 £uugi)$:

Laboutetaf.

3lnuti*€tu‘.

km'odt (Eobctt.)

His Creditors how relieved, 13 Geo. 1. C 22.

L

laboui'cffj.

t. Required to serve those that will retain them for the usual Wages, 23 Ed. 3. C 1, C

2. Their Wages ascertained, 25 Ed. 3. ft. 1.. C 1 & 3. 1 2 R. 2.

C 4. 23 H. 6. C 12. 11 H. 7. C 22. f. 8. r. 3. 7 if. 8.

r 5-

3. Shall be hired in a public Place, 25 £</. 3.7?. 1. r. 1.

4.. Shall work in Summer where they dwelled in Winter, 25 £</. 3.

ft. I. C 2.

5. Justices shall fix Wages of Labourers, 25 Ed. 3. /?, 1. C 3. 31 iiv. 3.^, 1. r. 6.

6. The Pines arising on the Statutes of Labourers granted to the

Commons in Aid of their Subftdy, 25 Ed. 3. ft, 7. 36 Ed. 3.

ft. t. C 14.

7. Reftridlions on Masons and Carpenters, 34 Ed. 3. C 9:

8. Process of Outlawry againll Labourers flying into other Counties, 34 Ed. 3. C to.

9. Labourers or Servants flying into Cities shall be delivered to their Mailers, 3 4 Ed. 3. on.

jo. Commissions on the Statutes of Labourers shall be made to the Justices of Peace, 42 Ed. 3. C 6.

11. The Statutes of Labourers confirmed, 2 r.z.ft. 1. r. 8. 2

H. 5- C 4-..

3 2. Artificers and Apprentices compelled to work in Harvest, 12 R.2.C.3.

13. Children serving in Husbandry till twelve Years old, shall continue in Husbandry, 12 R. 2. C 5.

14. Their Wages shall be settled by the Justices in their Sessions, 13 R. ft. 1., C 8. zh. 6. C 16.

15. Shall not be hired by the Week, tiff. \ H. 4. r. 14.

16. Shall befvvorn in the Leet to serve, or be fet inf the Stocks, 7 H. 4, C 17.

37. The Penalty for excessive Wages to be inflifled only on the Taker, 4 H. 5, C 4. On the Giver, 4 H. 8. C 5.

18. The Justices of Peace to make Proclamation once every Year

of the Wages of Servants and Artificers, 6 H. 6. C 3. 8 H.

6. C 8.

19. A Servant purposing to depart, to give his Maker Warning,

23 h.6.c. 12.,. '

20. For Journeymen of cloth makers, Tailors and Shoemakers; and for Servants in Husbandry and Bargemen, 3 bf 4 Ed. 6. C 22.

21. The Hiring and Wages of Servants regulated, 5 El. C 4.

22. The Wages of, Servants, Labourers and Artificers, shall be settled by the Justices of Peace, 5 El. C 4. § 15.

23. Penalty of giving greater Wages. 5 El. C 4. § 18.

24. Refusing to work at Harvest to be fet in the Stocks, 5 El. e. 4. § 22.

23. Women obliged to serve, 5 El. C 4. § 24.

2-6. None above 21 obliged to be Apprentice, 5 EL C 4. § 36.

27. Fees to Justices, ts'e. sitting toexecute this Statute, 5 EL C 4. § 38;

28. Minors bound by Indentures of Apprenticeship, 5 EL C 4.

§ 43/

29. Capias may be granted againll Servants, Iftc. departing into other Shires, 5 El. C 4. § 47.

30. Of what Labourers the Justices of Peace may afiefs the Wages, 39 El. C iz. 1 Ja. 1. C 6.

3 t. Justices to hear and determine of Wages of Servants and Labourers, not exceeding 10/. 20 Geo. a. C 19.

32. Extended to the Tinners in the Stannaries, 27 Geo. 2. C 6.

33. Jullices may punish Servants on Complaint of the Master, 20 Geo. 2. C 19. § 2.

34. The 20 Geo. 2. C 19. shall extend to all Servants employed in Husbandry, though hired for less than a Year, 31 Geo.2. C 11. § 3.

For other Matters, see ?£pp?cltttcco, 315utlt>tugs 7. Cct* tiojari 32, Iftc. jdjapetr, ^attufaffutec, tanna vies 3.

See bone lace and Gold,

jlnmp 23lacfc.

To what Duties liable, 4 W. & M. C 5. § 2.

jump^aps. See Fish.

jlnnipg. See Lights, Paving. Lancnffet,

r. Persons outlawed in Lancashire to forfeit only what they have in the County, 9 II 5. < .2. t8 H. 6. C 13. 20 H. 6. C 2,

31 H. 6. C 6. Repealed, 33 H. 6. C 2.

2. Justices to be appointed under the king's Seal of Lancnftir, 27 H. 8. C 24 § 5.

3. The Sufficiency of Jurors to indict a Person in Lancashire who dwells in another County, 33 H. 6. C 2.

4. Proclamations of Fines how to be made, 37 H. 8. C 19. § 2.

5. Proclamation upon exigent to be awarded into Lancashire, 5 csf 6 Ed. 6. C 26.

6. Lands severed from the Duchy, reunited to it, 2 & 3 P. (ft M. C 20.

7. Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine may grant Commissions to take Affidavits, 17 Geo. 2, C 7.

8. A Quay to be made at Lane ft'er, 23 Geo. 2, C 12.

9. Regulations of Returns of Writs in Chester and Lancaster, 22 Geo 2. C 46. § 35.

For other Matters, see sfttojiuco 43. couittfcfi jsalnttllc, Cuftoe irotulojmn a. jdjapcrp 63. ©utcljp Court, Jftvft Jrrutts 24. 3luvollmcnt 2. '^luttices of

19. ccialesj Cflool 66.

jltintilojtl. See Leases and Rents. latffl'cajt*

1. Commissioners of the land-tax indemnified, 29 Geo. 2. C 26.

§2 & 3.

2. Commissioners may al for weftrr.infter, if they have leasehold Estates of 20 /. per Annum, 29 Geo. 2- C z6. § 4.

3. land-tax granted for the Year 1764, 4 Geo. 3. C 2.

4. To be executed by the Commissioners for 1763, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 6.

5. Times of Meeting and Manner of subdividing themselves, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 7.

6. How to be sworn, and under what Penalties, 4 Geo. 3. C 2:

§ 46- 47-

7. Persons doubly rated how to be discharged, 4 Geo. 3. C 2.

§ 51 ■

8. Commissioners to settle Differences and reaffefs Deficiencies, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 16. And to withdraw where concerned themselves, § 20.

9. Commissioners for a County may aft in a city, V 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 84.

to. Qualifications of Commissioners for a County, 4 Geo. 3. C 2.

§ 88.

r 1. What Persons may aft as Commissioners for Cities, Boroughs, Inns of Court, Iftc. 4 Geo, 3. C 2. § 90, 91, 92.

12. Penalty

\

leati

lapse.

12. Penalty of Persons disabled acting as Commissioners, 4 Gee. 3., e. 2. § 93-

13. - Who are to be assessors of the Rates, and how compellable to aft, 4 Geo. 2. C 2. § 8.

14. Commissioners shall tax Assessors, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 41.

13. How Assessments are to be made in privileged and extrapa rochial .places, 4 Gm. 3, C 2. §44.

16. In what Manner Assessments are to be delivered and Appeals of Persons overrated to be made, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 8.

17. Penalty on alfeitors and Collectors for Neglect of Duty, 4

Gee. 3. e. 2. § 17. •'. - ‘ • •

18. Collectors to. pay Money Jevied to receiver-general, but

not to travel above ten Miles for that Purpose, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 10. •. ■ ■

19. Collectors .may levy Affcfiments by Distress, 4 Geo, 3. C 2.

fi j. r '

20. Punishment of Collectors detaining Money, 4 Geo. 3. C 2.

'§ 18.

21. Penalty on Collector paying Money to any other than the receiver-general : And on receiver-general paying Moneys otherwise than into the Receipt of the Exchequer, 4 Gev. 3. C 2. § 79.

22. Receivers General to be answerable for their Deputies, and neglecting to appoint them, forfeit too. 4 Geo. 3. C 2. §83.

23. To deliver a List of Moneys paid to the Collectors under Penalty of 20/. 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 107.

24. Persons distraining for Nonpayment to keep Money in their Hands to satisfy Charges, fife. 4 Geo. 3. e. 2. § 108.

23. No receiver to return an Infuperupon any County, (Sc. after three Years, 4 Geo. 3. C 2.'§ 109.

26. Nor may he maintain an Action against the Hundred on being robbed of the Moneys collected, unless there be three per fbns at least in Company to attest the robbery, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. ^118.

27. What Poundage Receivers General, Collectors, and Commissioners Clerks may take, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 13, 14.

28. Patent Officers to Bilhopricks where to be assessed, 4 Geo, 3. C 2. % 74.

tip. Assessments for Lands or Hereditaments to be at Places where they have been usually assessed, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 33.

30. Personal Estates to be rated where the Persons are resident, and Absentees at their last Abode, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 49.

31. Goods, in other Counties than that of their Residence to be assessed where the same shall be, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 30.

32. Lands not worth 20 s. per'annum not chargeable, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 78.

33. Persons overrated how relieved, 4 Geo. 3. C 2, § 82. Where Reafleflments are to be made, § 16 y 82.

34. Nonjurors and Papists, (Sc. to be doubly taxed, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 56 to 62. But their Lands discharged of the double Tax when they come into Protestants Hands, § 113.

33. How Distress to be made for Assessments, and Differences thereon determined, 4geo. 3. C 2. § 15.

36. Punishment of Persons conveying away their Goods, (Sc. to prevent Distress, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 1 3.

37. Tenants to pay the Taxes: And Commissioners to settle Differences between them and their Landlords, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. 4 >5» 16.

38. How Arrears of former Land taxes are to be levied, 4 Geo.

3.*. 2. § 117,

39. Prosecutions not to be stayed by Noliprcfeyui, 4 Geo. 3. r. 2. § 81.

40. No Persons in Scotland held to produce their Receipts after three Years, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 130.

41. Exception as to Scotland, Ireland, fie'fey or Guernsey, 4 Gee.

3. r. 2. § 52.

42. Offences against land-tax Acts excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. § 28.

lapte Calanimatfc.

To what Duties liable on Exportation, W, (S M. C 5. § 2* 8 y 9 IV 3. C zo. § 9.

inpfc Jpyncfntfae. See Drugs.

Lapse.

1. No Lapse shall run against: the King, 17 Ed. 2. fi. 1. C 8-

2. .the Kingis ancient Right to present, in case the; Ordinary did

not collate within one Month after the six months expired, 25 Ed. 3. Jl. 6. §4. .:

3. No Lapse withoutrnotice to the Patron on a Deprivation, ipso fafla, 13 El e. 12. § 8.

4. Or on a Voidance by Simony, 31 el.e.6. §'7.

3- Or on a Deprivation by Virtue of 13 y 14 Car. 2. 13 y 14

Car. 2. C 4. § 16.

For other Matters, f, e ^ubottlfolt, f hcrogatltc,.

fcntincnt, j&ftuonp.,

larceny.

1. Where bailable, st.wefim. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 13-.

2. Where ousted of Clergy, see Clctjjg.

And fie farther, Jfciong, jfttetu. ' _.

lacfte, lias 'Burn. See Rivers

laffage anti 'ibalfnltaije;

Regulated in the Thames, 6 Geo. 2. C 29,

lathu See: Englifln.

lattftt

Shaven black Lattin, to what Duties liable, 4 W. IS M. C 3, § For other Matters, see sold and £t$ctcll

latitat.

Provisions against vexatious Arrests by Writs of Latitat, 8 el.c. z. 13 Car. 2. fi, 2, C 2.

Interns. See Linen.

layffnns.

Howto be set out.in Ltndon, 22 IS 23 Car. 2. C iy.fi ir

leaq.

1. How to be carried to the Staple, and managed there. See

Staple.

2. Ancient Provisions against exporting it, 27 Ed. 3. fi. 2. C 1 IS

3. 38 Edi fi. i. r. 6.

3. What Indentures to be made between Carriers of Lead by Water, and the Bailiffs of the Towns where it is shipped, 2 j Edi.

fi 2. IS

4. Persons buying or receiving Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell metal or Solder, knowing it to be stolen, to be transported,

29 Geo. 2. C 30.

5. Penalties on having those Materials without being able to account for them, 29 Geo. 2. C 30. § 6.

For Other Matters, see jpelotlico lmttfjm Clctrgg, Title

25cccctarp and slcad, Amities, ^isbcmcano?,

leanen ipall See Leather.

leagues' '

lentljct; .'

juiljyucjs anti ^ttucc^* See Safe Conduct and Truce Breakers.

Leap gear.

The Day increasing in the Leap Year, and the Day before, shall Shall be accounted for one Day, zi II 3.

Leafesi.

I. Lease for Life is a Forfeiture of Dower, and Heir may enter,, 6 El. 1. C 7.

3. Shall not be avoided by a feigned Recovery, '21 H. 8. C I 3.

3. Leases by a Parson may be good for six Years notwithstanding

the Resignation of the Leflor, 28 H. 8. C 11. § 7. 1 y z P.

(A M. C 17.

4. Leases by Tenant in Tail, or of Perlbns seized in Right of their Wives, or Churches, 32 H. 8. C 28.

5. Confirmation of Leases of Ecdefiaftical Poffefflons, and Grants of usual Offices, 1 El. r. § 36.

6. Leases by Biffiops other than for 21 Years, or three Lives, made void, 1 El. C 19. § 5.

7. Leases of Benefices with Cure, shall endure.no longer than while the Leflor is resident, 1 3 el.c, 20. The Penalty on the Leflor; 18 EL C 11. § 7.

S. Other Restrictions of Leases to be made by Ecdefiaftical per fons, 14 El. C 11. § 15, (Ac.

cj. On College Leases a third Part of the Rent shall be reserved in Corn, 18 El. C 6.

10. Leases shall not be made by Ecdefiaftical Persons, where there is a former Lease not to be expired or surrendered within three Years, 18 El. et ill

II Leases by Hospitals restrained, 39 El. C 5. § 2.

12. Judgments given as a Security for the holding an unlawful Lease, shall be void, 43 El. C 9. § 8.

13. Power to make Leases of the Duchy of Cornwall. See

o; ntoau.

14. Certain Leases from Colleges and Hospitals confirmed, 12 Car. 2. C 31.

15. Biftiops, (Ac. may make Leases of their Lands indofed out of Bedford Level, reserving a fourth Part of the Value, 15 Car.

2. C 17. § 42.

16. Parsons in London may lease their Glebe for 40 Years with Consent, (Ac. 22 Car. 2. C 11. § 75.

17. Estates of Land made without Writing shall amount to Leases at Will only, except Leases for three Years, 29 Car. z, C 3-

1 8. Leases in which eftabliihed Augmentations are omitted, void, 29 Car. 2. C 8. § 8.

19. Leases made bona side by Parsons fimoniacally preferred, confirmed, 1 W. (A M. C 16. § 3.

20. The Crown restrained from granting, except for 31 Years, (Ac. 1 Ann. Jl, 1. C 7. § 5.

2t. Leases may be renewed without Surrender of Under leases, 4 Geo. 2. C 28. § 6.,,

22. Infants, Lunatics and Femes Covert, may surrender Leases in order to renew them, under the Direction of a Court of Equity, 29 Geo. 2. C 31.

For other Matters, fe 3>tto?ltment, 3i5tftjop0 31. cotlbl tiotts, ceojntoall, ccclcgaftieal Courts, (Ac. 59, 61.; ffo; eft 4z. flojauts of tljc i&iitg, 3!vclaiu>, isccobcrp, jftcgiscc 3. js>fmonv 6. flilicars, ffihaftc 4, (Ac.

Leatfjci:.

1. The Staple for Leather, where to be held, 27 Ed. $.ji. z. C 1.

2. It shall have no Imposition without'consent of Parliament,

45 Ed. 3. C 4.

3. Ancient Prohibitions of the Exportation of it, 27 Ed, 3. Jl. 2.

C 1, 3, 27. 38 Ed. 1. ft. i. C 6. 18 £/. e. 9. 1 jai. C 22.

§ 54- 55- „

4. Aliens shall not buy Leather but in open Market, 3 H. 8.

C 10.

5. The Wardens of the Curriers in London may search for Leather inefficiently tanned, 3 II 8. C 10. 24 H. 8. C 1.

6. Liberty of buying Leather granted, to certain Strangers, 5 H, 8. r. 7.

7. Shall be sold only in open Market, 24 H. 8. C 1.

8. Directions for telling and customing Leather, 27 H. 8. C 14.

9. How Strangers are to convey Leather from one Port to another, 27 H. 8. C 14. § 4.

to. Exportation of Leather restrained, 2 y 3 Ed. 6. C 9. 1 M

Jl. 3. C 8. 5 El. C 8. y C 22. § 2. 14 EL C 4. .18 El.

C 9-

11. Artificers in Leather may buy and fell tanned Leather,

4 Ed. 6. C 6,

12. Buying of raw Hides to sell again untanned, prohibited, 3 y 4 Ed. 6. C 9. •.

13. Artificers may buy tanned Leather, 1 mar.ji.^.c. 8. 1 El.

C 8.,

14. Leather shall be searched and sealed, 1 El. C 9. 1 Ja. 1.

C 22.,

15. Felony to export Leather or Tallow, I El. C 10. Permitted by 20 Car. 2. C

16. Sheeps Skins tawed may be exported, 8 El. C 14.

17. Exporting of Tallow and raw Hides prohibited, 18 El. C 9.

18. Owners of Ships, knowing the Offence, to forfeit Ship, (Ac. 18 El. C 9. § 2.

ig. None but Tanners to sell unwrought Leather, 27 El. t. 16.

20. How Leather shall be wrought and curried, 1 Ja, 1. C 2z.

9 Ann. C 11. § 10. 12 Geo. 2. C 3, 5. § 7,.

21. None but Artificers may buy Leather, 1 fa. 1. C 22.

22. No Persons shall forestal Hides, (Ac. \ Ja. 1. C 22. § 7.

23. Saving of the Rights of the Universities, 1 Ja. 1. C 22,

§ 48.,

24. This Aft not to extend to Wales, 1 Ja. 1. C 22. § 53,

z;. This Aft not to extend to Scottish Hides brought to Berwick, 1 Ja.' r. C 22. § 56.

26. Letters Patent contrary to this Act void, 1 Ja. 1. C 22;

§ 57*

27. No Skinner to take Servants who has not been Apprentice,

3 Ja 1 • 9- § 4-

28. Sheeps Skins need not be searched or sealed, 4 Ja. 1. C 6.

§ 2-

29. Tanned Leather Shall not be'fold by Weight, 4 Ja. 1. C 6.

§ 3-

30. Sheeps Skins and Calves Skins dressed or undressed, and all Manufactures of Leather may be exported, 12 Car. 2. C 4. § 10.

31. Leather and Hides of Ox and Calves not to be exported, 13 y 14 Car. 2. C 7.

52. Leather shall be sold in open Market only, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 7- § 4-

33. Exportation declared a public Nuisance, 13 y 14 Car. 2. r. 7. § n.

34. This Aft not to prohibit the carrying of Hides for the necessary Use of any Ship, (Ac. 13.(a 14 Car. 2. C 7. § iz.

35. General Liberty to export Leather, 20 Car. 2. C 5. 1 Ja,

2. C 13. I IV y M. C 23. 9 Ann. C 6. § 4.

36. Leather curried shall he deemed made i!'are, 1 IV (A M.

37. Tanned Leather may be sold by Leather Sellers, yin their Shops, 1 W. y M. C 33. § 5.

38. Duties upon Leather, Parchment, (Ac. 9 Ann. C 11. 10

Ann. C 26. Made perpetual and part of General Fund, 3 Geo. 1. C 7.

39. Hides to be marked on paying Duty, C Ann. C 11. § 44. Forging the Marks Death without Clergy, Ibid.

40. Com

t

lettetg.

40. Commissioners or other Officers not to influence Elections, 9 jinn. C 11. § 49.

41. Increase of the Drawback upon Leather exported, 12 arn. ft. 2. C 9. § 64.

42. Tawed Sheeps Skins to pay the Smaller Duty, 3 Geo. 1. C 4. § >3

43. Counterfeiting the Leather Stamps Felony, 5 Geo. 1. C 2.

§ 9-

44. Hides to be kept separate till surveyed, 5 Geo. 1. C 2. § 10.

45. Artificers may freely buy their Leather, and cut it, and sell it in small Pieces, 12 Geo. 2. C 25.

46. Penalty on Curriers neglecting to curry Leather, 12 Geo. 2.

C 2 3. § 4*

47. The Statute 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 18. extended to the Manufactures of Leather, 13 Geo. 2. C 18.

48. Journeymen to perform the Business they are engaged in, ibid. § 8.

For other Matters, fit ©cttiojari 19, ^fotcftallcrc 8, ?Sc. fibanufafiurcs, j&fjoemabets, s>uins, Gamuts, Cap 5.

Muter

Penalty of Ledlurers not conforming, 13 cs' 14 Car. 2. C 4. § 19. to 24.

For other Matters, see ^e>jcacl}tng.

Lee See Rivers.

leet.

1. The Articles of Frankpledge, St at. for Vtevs of Frankpledge, 18 Ed. 2.

2. Shall be held but twice in the Year, M. C 9 H. 3. C 33.

3. Stewards of Courts Leet and Courts Baron, lhallnot take any Profits or Perquisites, 1 fa. 1. C 3.

For other Matters, see 3d riotts popular I r. coltftablcs

S, 16. Cottages 3. jfify 13. ^attfiamus 7.

junton 3itu'ce. See Lime.

Lent See Fasts.

Letters

1. Where it is Felony to send Letters without a Name, or in a fictitious one, 9 Geo. I. C 22. § 1.

2. Offences against this Act excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. § 1 2.

3. Extorting Money, ifc. by threatening Letters to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or by Pillory, Whipping or transportation, 30 Geo. 2. C 24. § 1.

For other Matters, see jfcloltp, j3oft=3fecc.

Letter of ^arqtie. See Mark and re prifal.

Letter of ©afe coilthls. See Safe Conduct.

Letters Patent. See Patents. Leaping; (loar. See Treason.

Libel. See Prohibition.

Liberties

I. Liberties granted, M. C 9 If, 3. C 1, if C St. de Tall, non (or.eed. 34 Ed. l.f. 4. C 4.

Vol. IX Tab.

Liberties.

2. Cities and Boroughs, ifc. shall have their Liberties and Customs,

M. C 9 H. 3. C 9. 1 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 9. 14 Ed. 3.

f.l.c.l.

3. None shall be imprisoned, diffeifed, ifc. without lawful Judgement

of their Peers, or by the Law of the Land, M. C 9 H. 3. C 29. 25 Ed. 3.7?. 5. C 4. 31 Edict. 4. C 16. 42 Ed.

3- C 3-

4. None compelled to answer of his Freehold without the king's Command, 52 H. 3. C 22.

5. Judgments against the Great Charters void, 25 Ed. 1, C 2.

6. Great Charters to be read in Cathedrals, 25 Ed. 1. C 3.

7. Breakers of the Great Charter to be excommunicated, 25 Ed.

1. C 4.

8. Great Charters to be read quarterly in the Countries, 28 E. 1.

ft. 3- 1.

9. No Tallage without Assent of Parliament. Stat. de Tallag. non concedend. 34 Ed. 1. ft. 4. C I.

10. Anathema against the Infringers of the Liberties of the Church, or of the Customs of the Realm, Sententia lata, ifc. 28 H. 3. St. de Tall, non conced. 34 Ed. 1. ft. 4, C 6.

11. Statutes against the Liberties of the Realm shall be void, St. de Tall, non conced. 34 Ed. 1. ft. 4. C 4.

12. Justice shall not be delayed by Command under the Great Seal, 2 Ed. 3. C 8.

13. No Man shall be attached or forejudged contrary to the Great

Charter, 5 Ed. 3. C 9. 37 Ed. 3. C 18.

14. The Peers engaged to procure the King to keep Statutes, and not to assent to the contrary, 14 Ed. 3.7?. 1. C 21.

15. Great Officers fwom to observe Magna Charta, 15 Ed. ■$./!. 1. C 3.

16. None to be imprisoned but by Indictment, or by Process by Writ Original at common-law, 2; Ed. 1. ft. 5. C 4.

17. None shall be imprisoned, ifc. without being brought in Answer, 28 Ed. 3. C 3.

18. None to be put to answer but by Preferment, or Matter of Record, ifc. 42 Ed. 3. C 3.

19. Peace to be kept and Justice done, t R. 2. C 2.

20. Privy Seals not to be sent to disturb the Law, 11 R. 2. C ic.

21. None shall be brought in Answer before the Council of any

Lord touching his Freehold, or other Matter determinable by the Law, 1 3 R. 2. C 12. \6r.z, cz.

22. The Subjects may freely pursue the Laws, 2 H. 4. C 1.

23. No Matter determinable by the Law shall be determined in other Form, 31 H. 6. C 2.

24. Exacting Taxes, summary Imprisonment, proceeding by Martial Law, and quartering Soldiers, declared illegal, 3 Car, 1, C I.

25. The ship-money Proceedings condemned, 16 Car. 1. C 14.

26. No Rates can be imposed upon Merchandise but by common Consent in Parliament, 12 Car. 2, C 4. § 6.

27. Soldiers not to be quartered without Consent, 31 car.2.c.

1. §54.

28. The Liberties of the Subject declared, 1 W. if M. ft. 2. C 2.

29. Farther Provisions for securing Religion and Liberties, 12 if 13 W. 3. C 2.

For other Matters, see uits z, 3. 3tthetcfaments I, to, II

iceneljolences, Ctjanccrp c&urcb, jdiftrcfs 1, 2. ifc. communication, prance, ^francbtfes, habeas Cojpus, jjrclant), juoitg fcing, <&olt>iers 16, ifc. Sptarcijambrr, ■ Capes, Scales,

Libraries.

1. Cotton Library settled in the Family for the Use of the Public 12 if 13 TV. 3. C 3.

2. Veiled in the Crown, 5 Ann. C 30.

3. Directions for the Prefervatioa of Parochial Libraries, 7 Ann. C 14.

O

4. Establish

life

limitation. linen

4. Establishment of the British Mufettm, 26 Gee, 2, C 22, 27

Gr\ 2. r. 16. § 3.

/'or other Matters, see 1!i5oou|3»

licences See Ale, Brandy, Distillers, fore ftallers, Hawkers, Ledurer, Marriage, Schools and Stamps.

lieutenant. See Soldiers.

life ceftatcs.

1. Where Per Tonnes for whose Lives Estates are held, shall absent themselves for seven Years, they shall be presumed dead, 19 Car. 2. C 6.

2. If Cejluique •vie return, lessee to reenter and recover Damages, 19 Car, 2 C 6. § 5.

3. Estates pur autre vie shall be devifeable, and Assets in the Hands of the Heir or Executor, 29 Car, 2. C 3. § 12. shall be diflribmaule, 14 Gee. 2, C 20. § 9.

4. foahumous Children enabled to take in Remainder, where the Life Ellate is determined, ioes" 11 IF. 3. C 16.

5. Persons for whose Lives Estates are held, on Application to my Lord Chancellor to be produced, 6 Ann. C 18.

6. If it afterwards appear that Infant were alive at Time of Order made, Infant, 3c. may re enter and recover Damages, 6 Ann. C 18. § 3.

7. The Tenant holding after the Determination of the Life, deemed a trcfpafter, and Persons next inti tied shall recover Damages, 6 Ant:, C 18. § 5.

- For other Matters, see aftlttiuittcs, Cuttcfp, Sotttcr, f roj. 3. isccobcrp 5. ibcnt 3, 6, 13c. cthafte 4, 3 C ■

iugfjts nuts Lamp.

K Houlholders in Msddlefex and Surrey within the Bills of Mortality, at what Times to fet cut Lamps, 2 W. 3 m.feff. 2. C 8, § *5.

2. None but British Oil to be used for Lamps in Dwelling houses, under Penalty of 402. 8 Ann. C ft 18.

3. Shares in the Lights, how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. e. 2, § 54,

For other Matters, see cfltlslcs,

Lfgnuntfritae.

Where exempt from Duties, 1 Geo. 2. J. 2. C 17. § 3,

lime autr Lemmon Sluice.

To whatd.uties liable, 4 IF. (3 M. C 5. § 2.

limitation of s&tong.

1, Several Limitations of several Writs in real Aflions, St. Merton, 20 H, 3. C 8. St. pfeftm,. 1. 3 Edt. C 3.9. 32 H. 8.

C 2, 21 fa. 1. C r

2, A Distress for Services may be avowed on Seilin from the Time thata Writ of Novel Dijfeiftn runs, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed,

1. C 2.

3. Special Limitations of Actions for Trespasses committed in an Insurrection, 6 r..z.ft. 2. C 4.

4, The Statutes of Limitations shall not extend to Qunre Impedit,. Darrein Preferment, Writs of Right of Ward and Ravishment. of Ward, 1 M. C 3..

5. No Title to be impeached by the Crown, unless the king's Title appeared within 6o years before the holding the parlia liament, ' 21 'faille. z.

6. Saving of Duty on Coals in the Port of Nevtcaftle,. 21. Ja; 1,. C 2, § 5*

7. Writs of formejpn to be brought and Entries to be made with' in 20 Years, 21 fa. I. C if'.

8. Limitations of certain personal Actions, 21 fa. 1. C 16. $ 3.

g. After Judgement or Outlawry reversed. Plaintiff may commence a new Action, 21 fa. I. C 16. § 4.

10. Writ of Error to avoid fines and Recoveries to be brought within 20 Years, 10 IF. 3. C 14,

11. Suits for Seamens Wages in the Admiralty within the Statute of Limitations, 4 Attn. C 16. § 17.

12. Statute of Limitations saved, where the Defendant is beyond

Sea. 4 Ann. C 16. § 19. • ■

For other Matter,, see ipfeottttt atlt Accountant II cc tions popular 10. 3ntootofcm 9. <2*cncral 3effuc, !i?uc anti Cvp 3. isavliamcnt 35, 56, 3c. lar rantoj ikape 1.

Lincoln.

For the touching and marking of Silver in Lincoln, see l2?jfftol.

And see farther'attaint 9. ‘ '

linen. •

1. The Aflifc of Doulas and Lotkeram, 21 H. 8. e. 14. 28 H.

8. o. 4.

2. Against Deceit in Linen Cloth, 1 El. C 12.

3. Duties on Linen imported, 2 IF. 3 m.feff. 2. C 4. § 3, 6, 7. 4 W. 3 M. C 3. § 12.

4. Borelapps to be entered ad valorem, 7 3 8 IF. 3. C 10. § 16. 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 8.

5. Linen, 3c. may be imported from Ireland free, 7 {S' 8 W. 3.

C 39. 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 8. 16 Geo. 2. C 26. § 6.

6. A Duty on Scotch Linen, 9.3 10 IF. 3. C 45.

7. Scotch Linen prohibited to be imported into Ireland, 3 £^4 Ann. C § 4.

8. Irish Linen may .be exported to the Plantations, 3 4 Ann.

C 8.' 3 Geo. 1. CI 21. ■

9. Provided that no Ship break Bulk till Notice to the Governor, 3c. 3 3 4 Ann. C 8. § 2.

10. Six Pence'duty on 40 Else of Linen Cloth exported, 9 Ann. C 6. § s3

11. A Duty on printed Linen imported, 3c.-10 Ann. C 19. § 66. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. §5.3 C 19. Made perpetual and part of General Fund, 3 Geo. 1. C .7.

12.. Penalty of 100/. and Pillory on selling Silks with counterfeit Stamps, 10 Ann. C 19. § 97.

13. Imported Linens and British to be marked, 10 Ann. C up.

§ 9t

14. duties.on British Linens and Silks, 10 Ann. C 19. §69. 1 2 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 7.

13. The Duties laid by 12 Ann. ft, 2, C 9. made perpetual by 6 Geo. 1. C 4. and part subscribed into son/h sca Stock, and Residue mortgaged to the Bank by 2 Gee. 2. C 3.

16. Regulations of the Linen Manufacture in Scotland, 10 Ann.

C 21. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C zo. 13 Geo. I. C 26. 24 Geo. 2.

r. 31.

17. Exemption of European Linen, 3c. from the two Thirds

Subsidy, 7 Ann. C 7. 1 z ann. ft. z. C 21.

18. Lawns and flriped white Linens, 3c. not to be charged, 12 Atm. ft. 2. C 19.

19. Persons printing from Home to pay the Duties first, 1 Geo. I. C 36. § 21."

20. Linseed may be imported free, 3 Geo. 1. C 7. § 38.

21. British Linen, 3c. to be exported free, 3 Gee. 1. C 7. § 39.

22. Irish Linen may be exported to the Plantations, 3, go. 1. C 21.

23. Stealing Linen from bleaching Grounds, Felony without Clergy, 4. Geo. 2. C 16 „ Repealed, i%geo. 2. C 27. §4. and Judge empowered to transport Offender.

24.. A Bounty on coarse British and Irish Linen exported, 13 Geo. 2. C 29. § z. 18 Geo. 2rc, .2$,.

, 25.. Penalties

lon'ocit'

Efnen.

23. Penalties on counterfeiting the Stamps on Linen, X p Geo. 2 C 30.

26. Penalties on fraudulent Entries of Brilijb or Injh Linen, 17 Geo. 2. C 31. § 4.

27. Directions for preventing the fraudulent Exportation of foreign Linens, 18 Geo. 2. r. 24.

28. The Bounty on exported Linen to be paid out of the old Sub'

fidy, and replaced out of the next Supplies, 20 Geo. 2. C 36 §31. 22 Geo. 2. C 42. § 28.

29. The Duties on foreign Linen Yarn altered, 24 Geo. 2. C 46.

'Taken off for 15 Years, 29 Geo. 2. C 15. § 13.

30. Grant of 3000/. annually for nine Years for encouraging the Manufacture of Linen in Scothnd, 26 Geo. 2. C 20.

31. Bounty on British and Ir'tjh Linen exported, 29 Geo. 2. C 15.

32. Penalty of making a false Oath, 29 Geo. 2. C 15. §11.

For other Matters, see calltcoec, cambjlclto, cottoltc,

Customs, Jrclonics tottljout Clergp, Title aiiucit. iflap, Datobcvc, isjemp, 31nt»ia ©oods, jdtciatto, ^anufaffurcc, Muflms, £>cotlnnl>,

A Duty of two Penies Scots upon Ale there, 9 Geo. 1. C 20.

J Geo. 2, C 18.

hutfeeu.

1, How exempt from Payment of the two third Subsidies, 7 Ann. C 7. § 24.

- ' " || free, 3 Geo, I. C 7. § 38,

iliucit.

C 7. § 24-

2. May be imported Duty free, 3 For other Matters, see 3llufu

Hfftuejfcej liquci?!ce potun.ee nun 3!u(ce of LI quo? see.

To what Duties liable, 2 W. (a m.feff, 2. C 4. § 43, 44, 45.

litmus.

To what Duties liable, 4 W. (A M. C 5. § 2.

Iftetfeg*

1. No Yeoman shall wear the Livery of any Lord, unless he be

menial with him, 16 R. 2. C 4. 20 R. 2. C i, 2 '.

2. General Prohibition of giving and wearing Liveries, 13 R, 2.

f.. 3, 1 H. 4. C 7. z H, 4. C zi. 7 H. 4. C 14. 13 H.

4, C 3. ■ 8 H. bee. 4. 8 Ed. 4. C 2, 19 H. 7. C 14.

3. The Prince may give his Livery, 2 H. 4. C 21. 12 Ed. 4. r. 4.

4. The king's Servants not to be retained in Livery with others, 3 H. 7. C 12.

5. Ails concerning giving of Liveries repealed, 3 Car. 1. r. 4.

§ 27-

For other Matters, see Maintenance.

liuecpoole.

1. For building a Church there, and lighting the Streets, (Ac. 2t Geo, 2. C 24.

2. For repairing the Dock, fee harbours.

icbftei'is.

1. Maybe imported by Natives or Foreigners, and in any vef fe's, notwithstanding 10 K 11 IF, 3. C 24. I Geo. ft. 2. C r8. § 10.

2. Penalty on taking Lobilers on the Coast of.scotland between May and September, 9 Get. 2. C 33. § 4.

For other Matter, see jfiih«

lohgeris onti longing

1. Stealing Furniture from Lodgings, Felony, 3^4 tv.ia'm. C 9, § 5,

1 2. Houfholders not giving an Account of their Lodgers, to assessors of the land-tax, to forfeit five Pounds, 4 Geo, 3. C 2. § s3

2l0gfuooti, alias obiocfetuoch. See Dyers. icmbnrhs.

The Company shall be anftverable for their Debs, 25 Ed. p.f,

Lombe coomaso

How recompensed for difeoveting the Arts of making and working the three capital Italian Engines for making Organzinc Silk, 5 Geo, 2, C 8.

London Sffueaitce See Insurance. lonhon*

r. The City of London shall have their old Liberties and Customs, 9 H 3* t.g.

2. Proceedings on a foreign Voucher, St, Glove. 6 Ed. 1. C 12. Artie. St. Glove, correct, 9 Edi,

3. Damages shall be assessed by the Assise in Novel Difteiftn, and Amercements shall be affeered before Barons of the Exchequer, St. Glove. 6 Ed. 1. C 14.

4. Wines sold contrary to the Assise shall be presented to the Barons, St. Glouc. 6 Ed. 1. C 15.

5. None shall walk the Streets armed after Curfeit, unless Noblemen or their Servants with Lights, St. CIV Land. 13 Ed. n ft. 5.

6. Taverns and Alehouses shall be shut at Curfett, St. CIV Land,

1 3 Ed. ft. 5.

7. Fencing Schools for Buckler shall not be kept in London, 13 Ed. 1. ft. 5.

8. None but Freemen shall keep Inns in the City, St. CIV Land.

13 Ed. 1. ft. 4.

9. None shall be Brokers in London but those who are admitted and fwotn by the Mayor and Aldermen, St. CIV Land, 13 Ed,

L ft S'

10. The Officers of the City shall not be puntfhed for false itn prisonment, unless it appear to bees Malice, St. CIV Land. 13 Ed. 1. ft. 3.

11. The Manner of Proceeding for Arrears of Rent and Service St, de Gavelet, 10 Ed. 2.

12. The Mayor, (Ac. of London, (Ac, shall be tried by foreign Jurors, on an Indictment for nbt red reffing'errors, 28 Ed. 3. C 10.

13. Viftualsmay be freely sold in London, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 10.

14. The Mayor, (Ac. shall have the Rule of Fiflimongers, Butclir ers and Poulterers, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C ioi .7 R. 2. C 11.

15. Privilege granted to those of London to sell Victuals by Retail,

. 42 Ed. 7. C 7.

6. The Mayor shall have the Cotifervation of the Thames and Medway for preserving the Salmon, 17 R. 2. C 9. ■

17. Of the Breaches in the Thames, 4 H. 7. r. 15, 27 II S.

C 18.

18. The Aldermen shall continue in their Offices, till removed foi' reasonable Cause.. R. 2. C in

9. The Mayor, (Ac. not liable to the Penalty of 28 Ed.'*, C ic, for an erroneous Judgement, 17 R. 2. C 12.

20. The Ward of Faringdon divided, and to have two Aldermen,

17 R. 2. C 13.

1. The Penalties in 28 Ed, 3. C 10. for not redressing Defaults in Government, repealed, 1 IS. 4; C 131

2. Merchants of London free to pack their Clothes, 1 II 44 C 16„

23. Any Freeman may put his Child Apprentice in London, notwithstanding the statutes, 8 lh 6. C 11.

24. Freemen of London may carry their goods to any Fair "or Market, notwithfbnding their bylaws, 3 H. C 9.

O z 25s The

eotiuott.

lotteries

25. The Challenge of Ritas deins !e garj taken away, 7 II 7. e. 5.

26. Power to the Mayor, (Sc. where they find Springs, to lay Pipes, (Sc. for the Conveyance of Water, 35 H. 8. C ic.

27. For paying Tithes in London, 27 H. 8. C 21, 37 II 8.

C 12.

28. Attaints of untrue verji&s in London shall be tried in London, 37 H. 8. C 5.

29. No new Buildings to be eretted within three Miles of London or Wtfimdnfttr, 35 El. C 6.

30. For bringing the New River to London, 3 Ja. 1. C 18. 4

Jet. 1. C 12. 12 Geo. 2. C 32.

31. A Court of Judicature erected to determine Differences touching Houses burnt in the Fire of London, 19 Car. 2. C 2. 22

(S 23 Car. 2. C 14. 25 Car. 2. C 10.

32. Directions for the rebuilding of London, 19 Car. 2. C 3. 22

Car. 2. C 11.

33. Houses built otherwise to be deemed public Nufances, 19 Cor. 2. C 3.

34. Dangerous Trades prohibited in the High Streets, 19 Car. 2. C 3. §21.

33. Alderman in London to have the same Power as Justice of Peace, 22 Car. 2. C 1. § 15.

36. Rates for Wharfage and Cranage, 22 Car. 2. C 11. § 21.

37. Dimensions of Wharf from London Bridge to the Temple, 22 Car. 2. C 11. § 44.

38. The Maintenance of the Clergy in London settled, 25 (S 24 Car. 2. C 15.

39. For Discovery of Concealments of Charities given during the Plague, 22 (S 23 Car. 2. C 16.

40. A Court of Judicature to determine Differences concerning Houses burnt in the Fire at Soutbrwark, 29 Car. 2. C 4.

41. The Judgement against the City on the Quo Warranto vacated,

2 W. (S M. C 8.

42. Boys, (Sc. may carry inland Provisions within the Port of London without Cocquets, I Ann. ft. t. C 26.

43. Commissioners of the Cbefftea waterworks to be incorporated,

8 Geo. 1. C 26.

44. For regulating Elections, (Sc. in London, 11 Geo. 1. C 18.

5i.

45. Oath, (Sc. to be taken, ibid,

46. Penalty of false Oath or Affirmation, 11 Geo. 1. C 18. § 3.

47. The Aldermens Negative in Common Council established, 11 Geo. 1. C 18. § 13. Repealed, 19 Gro. 2. C S.

48. Freemen empowered todifpofe of their Effects, notwithlland ing the Custom, 11 geo.i.c. 18. § 17.

49. All Persons inhabiting in London, subjected to the jurisdiction of the Court of Conscience, i4gro. 2. C 10.

50. The prefeuting the Lord Mayor at Westminster'xo be on the ninth of November New Style, 24 Geo. 2. C 48. § 11.

51. The Admissionand Swearing of the Mayor to be on the Day preceding, 25 Geo. 2. C 30. § 4.

52. The Railage over and though London Bridge to be widened, 29 Geo. 2. C 40.

53. Penalty of laying Rubbish in the Streets of London, (Sc. 32 go. 2. C 16. § 13.

Tor other Matters, see Slttclfltt 14, 18. 'h5tuutgfgt'uc, jean, l!5?tbges, oi5?ofccrs 1, 2, (Sc. sbuiluings 1, (Sc. butchers to. 'llbutter 9. Carriage g. Challenge 4. 11. Cljelfea !i?ofpital, Churches, Conches t. (Sc. Coals tg, 20, (Sc. Coopers 4. Com 24, 44. Co: po jationc, Customs, ©cbt attu ©cbtojs 2. (Sc. pets; »<; ■ 1, (Sc. ftid) 77, go.; jrlcct.©ttch, fttaiu chtfcs, (Bolt) 1. (3c. (Eunpotobcc 8. 14, (Sc. high loafs 57, (Sc. 3lnbta ®oot)s 7. (Sc. 31itfuiaitcc 3. jj jr ries y, (Sc. Heather C (Sc. Liberties, ^tlitia, Phans 2, 3, 4. isabmg, #hpgc>ans 1, (Sc. ^>002 17, (Sc. stcvoevs to, (Sc Sheriffs, hips 14' fsk Shoe makers 3. Sjouthlxmrk, Streets 2. Chamcs, Cttteftr romfter, dllnes 42, (Sc.

iloilton See Alehouses, Annuities,

Bank, Bankrupts, Customs, Felony, Hue and Cry.

lonffitutie.

1. A Reward for discovering the Longitude at Sea, 12 Ann. j7. 2* C 16.

2. Directions for ascertaining the Longitude and Latitude of the Ports and Head Lands, 14. Geo. 2. C 39.

3. Farther Directions for Discovery of the Longitude, 26 Geo. 2,

C 25. 2 Geo. 3. C 18.

4. Encouragement given to "John harri/on to make known his Invention for Discovery of the Longitude, 3 Geo. 3. e. 14.

3L0l1g Pepper See Grocery Ware.

1. Engaged to procure the King to observe Statutes, 14 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 21.

2. The Peers of the Land to redress by Judgement Things done against Magna Charta, 15 Ed. ft. I. C I. (S C 4.

3. Lords to be judged by their Peers, 13 Ed, 3. ft. 1. C 2.. I

£</. 6. e. 12. § 15. 1 £/. C 1. §34.

4. For the placing of the Lords, 31 H. 8. C 10.

5. To have Privilege of Clergy without burning, 1 Ed, 6. C 12.

§ H

For other Matters, see Chaplain, jfalfc ifrehos, Jrojcft 8.

dsoals 24. 3]ut)gment 2. Jufttccs of the $dcacc 9, (Sc. sjjjilitta 15, (Sc. il5onconfo?nti0s 5, (Sc. fjarliamcnt 68, 103, (Sc. fdeers, isccucant 40, (Sc. ^cotlanby hcteafon, Cum 2.

iot Iplglj sfttllt&l. See Admiral. loos afqano? See Copyhold. Ilojtig sqattfjeg See Wales.

Udati 'S Dap. See Holy Days, lotteries.

t. A Lottery for one Million on the Duty on Salt and an additional Excise, 5 W. (S M. C 7. § 34.

2. Lotteries declared public Nufances, and prohibited, io(s 11

W. 3. C 17. 9 Ann. C 6. § 56. 10 Ann. C 26. § 109. 3

Geo. 1. C 9. § 43. 8 Geo. 1. C 2. § 36.

3. Offenders to pay Costs to Prosecutor, 9 Ann. C 6. § 56. 8

Geo. 1. C 2. § 37.

4. Selling Chances of Tickets in public Lotteries prohibited, 5 Geo. 1. C 9. § 43.

3. Sales by Way of Lottery Prohibited, 8 Geo. 1. C 2. § 36.

6. Penalty on publishing foreign Lotteries, 9 Geo. 1. C 19. § 4.

7. On selling or procuring Chances in foreign Lotteries, 6 Geo. 2. r. 35. § 29.

8. Additional Penalties on Lotteries, 12 Geo. 2. C 28.

9. Sale of Lands by Lottery void, and the Lands forfeited, 12 Geo. 2. C 28. § 4.

10. Nor to affect any Estate in Lands, (Sc. held by Allotment, 12 Geo. 2. C 28. §11.

11. Not to extend to Royal Palaces where King resides, 12 Geo,

2. C 28. § 10.

12. Lottery Annuities, 16 Geo. 2. C 13. § 10. 28 Geo. 2. C 13.

29 Geo. 2. C 7.

13. Laws against private Lotteries extended to Ireland, 29 Geo. 2.

C 7. § 26. 30 Geo. 2. C 5. § 22.

For other Matters, see jinfuraiuc 4. Jalaps and (Baltics.

Hcttcrg

Hotter? c^detg aittl 9lttmftie& See Annuities.

Hota &oute0 anti Spirits See Brandy. Htmnticfcg.

1. The king's Prerogative in the Custody of Lands of Idiots and

Lunatics, pr<erog. Reg. 17 Ed. 2, ft. 1. C 9 10.

2. Punishment of Lunatics for High Treason, 33 H. 8. C 20.

3. Lunatics and Idiots Trustees or Mortgagees authorised to convey, 4 Geo. 2. C 10,

4. Marriage of Lunatics prohibited, 15 Geo. 2. C 30.

For other Matters, see 31t»t0tS, ^teafott.

hutefftfllg& See Silk.

hint.

1. For rebuilding the Houses there, 26 H. 8. C q.

2. For repairing the Church there, see cljutcljes,

M.

Mace. See Spices;

Macktonal (Sir 2?oitam.)

His Widow and Daughters, how provided for, 6 Geo. 1. C 24.

^ackatel* See Holy Days.

fanner,

1. To be imported unmixed, 13 If 14 Car. 2. C 30. Repealed j5 Car. 2. C 16. § 3.

2. To what Duties liable, 2 W. tf MR. 3.

3. Tithes of Madder settled, 31 Geo. 2. C 12.

4. Penalty of destroying Madder Roots, 31 Geo. 2. e. j

gunmen See Idiots.

agita Cfjarta.

1. Anathemas against the Infringers of it, Sententia lata, 28 H.

3. St. Conf. Cart. 25 Ed. 1. C 4.

2. Writs shall be granted against the Infringers, St. Mtarleb. 52 H. 3. C 5.

3. Magna Chart a Shall be sent to all Sheriffs, Ifc. St. Conf. Cart. 25 Ed, 1. C 1.

4. Judgments against the Great Charter shall be void, St. Conf. Cart. 25 Edi. C 2.

3, The Charters ihah be publicly read in the Cathedral Churches, St. Conf. Cart. 25 Ed. 1. C 3. And by the Sheriffs, Artie, super Cart. 28 Ed. l.ft. 3. C I.

6. Three Knights to be elected in each County, to hear Complaints of Offences against Magna Charta, Artie, fitter Cart. 28 Ed. l.ft. 3. Cs I.

^amu'nn; *

1, Cutting out Tongues, maiming, ffc. made Felony, 5 A. 4. r. 5.

2. Cutting off the Ears of a Man, or the Tongue of a Bead, pu niihed with treble Damages, and 10/, Fine, 37 H. 8. C 4. §4.

For other Matters, see ^fcloiig jxu'tljcut clcrgp, Title fanning.

4

^afnp^fe. See Bail.

Maintenance.

1. The king's Officers or their Clerks shall not maintain Pleas, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. r. C 2; If 28.

2. Barretors shall not be suffered to maintain Pleas in County Courts, St. Weftm, r. 3 Ed. 1. C 33.

3. Lords and Stewards shall not procure Suits, 13 Ed. 1. C 36.

4. Officers in Courts not to accept Things in Contest, 13av. r.

e‘ 49*

3. None to give or take Things in Plea, 28 Ed. len.

6. All Maintenance prohibited, 1 Ed. 3-7?. 2 r. 14. 4 Ed. 3.

C it. 20 Ed. 3. e. 4. 1 J, 2.r.4. 7 R. 2. r. 15.

7. The protetting of Maintainers prohibited, 20 Ed. 3. C 5.

8. Giving Liveries for Maintenance prohibited, 1 R.2.C.7. 13

R. 2. ft. 3. 20 R. 2. C 1.

g. Feoffments, C made for Maintenance shall be void, 1 R. z.

C 9. 8 H. 6. C 9.

ic. Confirmation of the Statutes against Maintenance, 7 R. 2. C 15.

11. None to buy pretenced Titles, 32 H. 8. C 9.

12. The Penalties of unlawful Maintenance and Subordination,

32 H. 8. e. 9. § 3.

For other Matters, see ttipcttp, cottfpitatojs, jlitjctp.

1. Sent from Huntingtonshire, C to London, shall be well cleaned, 17 R. 2. C 4.

2. The Quantity to be made in a Year by any Brewer in Kent, limited, 33 H. 6. C 4.

3. Directions for the true making of Malt, 2 If 3 Ed. 6, e. 10.

4. Bailiffs and Constables may view Malt, 2^3 Ed. 6. C 10.

§4

5. Making of Malt r; eftrained, 39 El. C 16. Repealed 9 If 10 W. 3. C 22.

6. The Malt tax imposed, 13 W 3. C 3. 12 Ann. ft, 1, C 2.

Continued annually.

7. Measure to be according to the Winchester Bushel, 12 Ann. ft.

1. C 2. § 7.

8. Drawback on Exportation, 12 Ann. ft. 1. C 2. § 23.

9. deduction in Rent payable in Malt, 12 Ann. ft. 1. C 2. § 25:

33 Geo. 2. C 7. § 19.

10. Importation of Malt prohibited, 12 Ann', ft. 1. C 2. § 26,

11. Penalty on mixing other Corn with Malt, 1 Geo. l.ft, 2. C 2.

§ n

12. Malt not to be wet on the Floor, nor acrefpired, 6 Geo. 1. C

21. § 1 y 2. Repealed 3 Geo. 2. C 7. § 13.

13. Not to be mixed with unmalted Corn for Exportation, 6 Geo.

1. C 21. § 4.

14. twenty-four Hours Notice to be given of shipping Malt, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. $ 6.

13. Penalty on forcing Malt in the Cistern, 6 Geo. t. e. 21,. § 8.

16. Justices at Quarter sessions to amend Orders appealed from, relating to the Duties on Malt and Leather, 6 Geo. 1. C 21, § 10.

17. Allowance to Proprietors of Malt damaged in Barges, ife. 9 Geo. 1. C 3. § 35.

18. Malt made for Exportation not to be charged, 12 Geo. 1. C

4. § 48.

19. Allowance on exported Malt, 12 Geo. 1. C 4. § 39. 3 Geo.

2. C 7. § 14.

20. Penalty on mixing Malt of different Wettings, 2 Geo. 2. C 1. § 11.

2 1. Perpetual Duties on Malt, Ife. 33 Geo. 2. C 7.

22. Regulations for securing the Payment of Malt Duties, and to prevent Mixtures, 3 Geo. 3. e. 13.

23. Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Year 1764, 4 Geo, 3. C 1.

For other Matter!, see <5metldinetu 9. ®cct find 5,

ife.

sv. €crtit>m‘( 21. Cojn 6. cptw, iac. um, i£>cotlam>,

99nn (Jfle of.)

t. French Wines not exceeding one hundred Tuns in one Year, may be imported by Strangers, 5 El. ce. § 46.

a. Liberty given to import Cattle and Corn into England, 15 Car. 2. C 7. § ZI.

3, No Drawback to be allowed for foreign Goods exported to the jjle of Man, 12 Geo, I. C 28. § 21.

4. No Goods but of the Product of the Island to be imported from Man, L 2 Geo. I. C 28. § 22.

5* The Treasury may purchase the jjle of Man, 12 Geo, 1. C 28. § 25.

6. The Pension of one hundred Pounds a Year granted by Charles the Second to the poor Clergy of the Ife of Man, not chargeable with Taxes, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 100.

For other Matters, see 20tfl)ops, cfllltllcc, cijttlc, coals, Cojii 40. Cutfonts, salt.

^ancfjeffet.

1. Its Collegiate Church, how vifitable, 2 Geo. 2, C 29.

2, For Manchester Cloth, see jdjapcl'p,

^an&arto

1. Return to be made to the firilmandamus, 9 Ann. C 20.

2. The Return to a Mandamus may be traversed, 9 Ann. C 20.

§ z.

3. vvhere Persons making Return shall recover Costs, 9 Ann. C

20. § 2.

4. Where Defendants shall recover Cods, 9 Ann, C 20. ■§ 3.

5. Statutes of Jeofails extended to Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus, 9 Ann. C 20. § 7.

6. Mandamus, grantab'e to a College of either University for the Admission of the king's Nominee to a Vacancy occasioned by not taking the Oaths, 1 Geo. ft. 2. C 13. § 12, 13.

j. Where Mandamus may be granted requiring Lords, Cfr. to hold a Court leet, 11 Geo. 1. C 4. § 3.

For other Matters, see C0?p0J<U10U, tllnibctfittcs.

jlsfjuo?* See Advowson, Copyhold. 3&anflflus'f)tcl*. See Murder. i&aiutfa&utesi.

1. Certain Wrought Wares prohibited to be imported, 3 Ed. 4.

C 4.; El. C 7. 10 Amt. C 19. § 167.

2. May be imported from Ireland, 3 Ed. 4. C 4. § 3.

3. Mailers of Crafts and Magistrates of Cities may search Manufactures, 3 Ed. 4. C 4. § 4.

4. Certain Manufaflures prohibited to be imported by Strangers, 1 R. 3. e. 12.

5. Pins permitted to be imported, 27 El. C 11.

6. Foreign Wool Cards not to be imported, 39 El, C 14.

7. Foreign Bone Lace, Cut Work, lmbroidery, Fringe, Band

Strings, Buttons, and Needle vork, prohibited to be imported or sold, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 13. 9 If 10 W. 3. C 9. Repealed,

from the taking off the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures in Flanders, 11 if 12 flf 3. C 11.

8. Foreign Wool Cards, Card Wire, and Iron Wire not to be imported, 13^14 Car. 2. C 19.

g. All Persons may work in Manufaflures of Hemp or Flax, or Tapeflry, 15 Car. 2. C 13.

10. Against Frauds in the Manufactures of Woollen, Linen, and

Iron, 1 Ann. f. 2. C 18. 13 Geo. 2. C 8.

11, Wages to be paid in Money, 1 ann.f, 2. C 18. § 3. 10

Ann. r. 16. § 6. 53 Gee. 2. C 8, § 6.

12. Regulations to prevent Frauds by Manufacturers in Woollen, Linen, or Iron, 13 Geo. 2, C 8.

13. Penalties on Manufacturers in Leather imbezilling their Work,

13 Geo. 2, C 8, § 4. 1 •

14. Manufaturers in Leather shall be paid their Wages in Money, 13 Geo. 2. C 8. § 6.

13. Regulations of the Manufaturers in Woollen, Linen, Iron, Leather, ife. and for the Payment of their Wages, 22 Geo. 2, C 27.

16. Penalty on seducing Manufaturers out of the Kingdom, 23 Geo. 2. C 13.

17. Penalty on exporting Utensils of the Silk and Woollen ma nufatures, 23 Geo. 2. r. 13. § 3.

18. Officers of Customs. shall fei2e such Utensils, C found on board any Ship, 23 Geo. 2. C 13. §4.

ig. Penalty on Captains of Ships permitting prohibited Tools to be put onboard, 23 Geo. 2. C 13. § 5.

20, Penalty of signing Cockets for exporting Tools, (Ac. 23 Geo. 2. C 13. § 6.

For other Matters, see sflrtificcts per Tot. isotlc^hlace,

buttons, Carus ant) jdtce, Ccrttojart, Cuftonis, Cutlets, 3d?apcrp, frames, fsv. foj ^toebinss, SI; ocmafcers, £>ilb, e£tool,

anti lp?int£. See Books. Marine fences.

While on Shore regulated and fubjeted to martial Law, and to be furniffied with Quarters, C 28 Geo. 2. C 11. 29 Geo. 2,

C 6. 30 Geo. 2. C 11. 4 Geo. 3. C 8.

For other Matters, see i&oluters.

^at(n£c£+ See Seamen.

c^arcf) (<£arloom.)

Grants of its Lands are to be under the Great Seal, 4 H. 7. C 14.

$3atcljeg of bay See Wales.

89amn, alias ^auiartictt ut fpeccfo^edjlce.'

Its Meadow and Paflure how provided for, 4 fa. 1. C 11.

ate. See Horses.

arn; arct'!s klmminffcl*. See Churches.

99arijat III j&cilt* See Harbours.

©attm le See St. Martin le Grand.

^atfect See Blackwell Hall, Calendar, Church, Corn, Fairs, Southwark, Tolls, Wales, Weights, Tork.

$3arfcet

1. Penalty on Persons living in the Country, and selling by Retail in Market towns, 1 Cf 2 P. & M. C 7.

2. New n'oodjhck excepted as to Wool and Yam, 18 El. C 21.

Statutes made there, 52 H. 3.

®5nr!bo?ou0lj.

i. The Honour of ll oodflock granted to the Duke of Marlborough in Reward of the victory at Blenheim, (At. 3 O' 4 Ann. C 6.

z. The

jbaitfage.

z, The Honours, £sfr. settled upon his Posterity, 5 inn, e. 5,

3, An Annuity from the Pod office settled on the Duke of marl borough, 5 Ann. C 4.

4. For paying the Arrears due for building Blenheim House, 1 Geo, \, Jl. 1, C iz, § 34.

bark ant Rcptffnl.

1. The Law of Mark in what Cases to be used, 27 Ed. 3. Jl. 2. C 17.

z. Letters of Requed and Letters of Mark shall! be granted by the Chancellor to those that are grieved against Truce, 4 H. 5. r. 7.

3, To be granted for Goods taken by the Subjects of Denmark, 10 H. 6. C 3.

4, Goods taken on board Enemies Ships to be lawful Prize, though belonging to Foreigners in Amity, 14//. 6. r. 7.

damage.

J, Marriage within the Levitical Degrees prohibited, 25 H. 8. C 22. § 4 ftf 14.

2. Marriages not contrary to god's Law, confirmed, 28 H, 8.

C 16. 32 H. 8. C 38.

3. Marriages consummated shall Hand notwithstanding pre con tracts, 32 H. 8. C 38. Repealed in Part, z s 3 Ed. 6. C 23. § 2. So much as not repealed, revived by t El. e. 1. § 11.

4. Marriage ofprieds lawful, 2(^3 Ed. 6. C 21,

5. Certain irregular Marriages confirmed, 12 Car. 2. C 33.

6. Duties granted on Marriages, Births, Burials, tftc. 6 & 7 IV 3. C 6. q 10 IV 3. C 3;.

7. Penalty on marrying without Licence, Iftc, 6 ta y PV. 3. C 6. § 52.

8. Penalties on clandeiline Marriages in Prisons, 7 ift 8 IV 3.

C 35. 10 r. 19. § 176.

9. Miniders indemnified for not keeping Rcgiflers, s\.ann, C 12. § 10.

10. Clandeiline Marriages made void, 26 Geo. 2. C 33.

11. Licence to marry, where grantable, a5 Geo. 2. C 33. § 4.

12. Persons solemnising dandedine Marriages guilty of Felony, and may be transported, z6 Geo. 2. C 33. § 8.

13. Marriages of Infants by Licence, without Consent of Parents, (Ac. void, 26 Geo. 2. C 33. § 1 1.

14. In what Cases Application to be made to the Chancellor, 26 Geo. 2. C 33. § 12.

15. No Suit in the Ecclefiadical Courts to compel Marriage by Reason of any Contrast, life. 26 Geo. 2. e. 33. § 53.

16. Regider, how to be made, 26 Geo. 2. C 33, \ 14, 15.

17. The Aft not to extend to Marriages of the Royal Family, 26 Geo. 2. C 33. § 17.

18. This Aft not to extend to Scotland, nor to Marriages among Quakers, Jews, (Ac. 26 Geo. 2. C 33. § 18.

For other Matter, see 'lioigdittp, ci)atlcctp q. ceccicflitchcnl Courts, (Ac. 35, 36, (Ac. felonies Within ana out Clcvgp, title Carriage, 31ncuvancc4. Lunatic 3. sbccufants 25, (Ac. Citljee 18, ' (Ac. ikiars(t)i>3, c&ometn ‘

Of Cllglanll. See Constable and Marshal of England.

^barujal anti ©teloard of tfje & ins's fpoufijolt* ano

1. Of what Things they shall hold Plea, art.fuper Cartas, 28

Ed, \, ft. 3. C 3. 8 R. 2. C 5.

2. Inqueds in the Marjhafea shall be of Men of the Country, 5 Ed. 3. C 2..

3- Error in the Marshalsea shall be redreifed in the king's^ Bench,

5 Ed. 3. C 2. 10 Ed. 1. ft. 2. C 3.

4- Shall not meddle with Matters of the Staple, 27 Ed. 3. J, 2. C 5*

5. The Steward and Marshal! shall lit with the Mayor of the sta plain Matters concerning those of the Household, 27 Ed. 3, Jl. 2. C 8.

6. Spiritual Persons taken in the Marshalsea ihali pay such Fees as lay men, 9 R. 2. C 5.

7. Their Jurisdiction redrained to 12 Miles round the king's Lodging, 13 R. 2. ft. ic. 3.

8. The Fees of the Marshal of the Household settled, 2 H. 4, C 23.

9. Defendants shall not be edopped by their Reccgnifance jof Bail, to plead that the Parties are not of the Household, 15 7a-6. C 1.

10. Marshalsea may be held within any Liberties, saving to the City of London, (Ac. 32 H. 8. C 20. § 7.

11. The Steward of the Marshalsea shall be appointed by the Lord Steward, 33 H. 8. C 12. § 1.

For other Matters, see cojottct, ilatih cag if OKS,

s^atfljo! of tlje fttits's sbenci>

1. Shall hire Houses to keep his Prisoners in, and shall not differ them to go out by Bail, 5 Ed. 3. C 8.

2. Grants of the king's Bench and Fleet Prisons to be enrolled, 8 (A 9 PV. 3. C 27. § 1 or

3. Office of Marshal and Warden of the king's Bench and Fleet, s to be executed by those who have the Inheritance of those Pri -- fons, 8ftf 9 W. 3. C 27. § 11.

4. Power of appointing the Marshal of the king's Bench, receded' in the Crown, 27 Ge 2. C 17.

For other Matters, see cvtoj*

1. For plumpfteadmzah, 22 H. 8. C 3. 23 El. C 13. 27 EL

C 27.

2. Cutting down Powdike in Marfhland made Felony, 22//. 8,

A II

3. For Comle Marsh near Greenwich, 37 H. 8. C 1i,

4. For recovering surrounded Marihcs, 43 El. e. 11.

5. For the Marshes of Lefies and Fants in Kent, 4 Ja. I. C 8, -

6. For draining the Fens of Walderfey and Cooldham in the isle of Ely, 4 Ja. ir. 13.

7. For the Recovery of Marih Ground in Norfolk and Suftolk, surrounded by the Sea, 7 Ja. 1. C 20,

8. For the draining of Bedford Level, 15 Car. 2. tv 17, 20 Car, -

2. C 8,

9. For draining of Deeping Fen, (Ac. 16 If \ycar.2. C 11. 13-

Geo. 2. C 39.

10. The Clause for dividing Commons in Bedford Level, repealed, 1 Ja. 2. C 21.

11. For opening the ancient, and making new Roynes and Wr, ‘ tercourfesin Sedgemoor, in Somerset;; (A I i tv. 3. C 26, -

12. For draining Haddenham Level, 1 3 Geo. 1. C 18.

13. For Cawdle Fen in the Iflt of Ely, 11 Geo. 2. C 34.

14. For draining Deeping Fens in Lincolnshire, 1 1 Geo, 2, ^, 39, -

15. For draining pvaterbeach Level, 14 Geo, 2rc. 24.

16. Drained Lands shall be rated to the neared Parish, as shall be determined at the Quarter sessions, 17 Geo. 2, e. 37.

17. For draining Byal Fen, Ac. 21 Geo. 2. C 18. 22 Geo. 2,

C 11.

18. For draining Upwcll Fen, Ac. 22 Geo. 2. C 16,

19. For draining Whittlfey Fen, 22 Geo. 2, C ig.

20,. For draining the Waihes in the Ife of Ely and Blunt if cam, with Erith in Hunlingtonjhire, zq Geo. 2. C 21,

21. For draining Fen Lands in the lfe of Ely, and County of Norfolk, 29 Geo. C 22.-

22. For draining Marsh Lands in the Pariflv of v/iggcnball St, -

. Mary Magdalen in Norfolk, 30 Geo. 2, e, 32.

'23. For draining Fen L ands in the Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, pp'iftow, ife, - in hunting/onjhire, 30 Geo, 2. e, 33.

3 34,. For'

je&ilftmr.

24. For draining Fen Lands in the Township of felt‘well, Uc, in the County of Norfolk, 30 Geo. 2. c■ 3 5.

25. For draining Fen Lands in the Townships of March andlf'im blington, in the lfe of Ely, 30 Geo. 2. C 36.

26. For draining certain Fens in the lfe of Ely, and County of Cambridge, 31 Geo. 2. C 18.

27. For draining certain Fen Lands in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddinglon, in the lfe of Ely, 3 I Geo. 2. C 19.

28. For draining certain Fen Lands in the Parishes of Somerjham and Pidley, with Fenton, and theparifh of Colne, in the County of Huntington, 32 Geo. 2. C I 3.

29. For draining the Fens on both Sides of the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, 2 Geo. 3. C 32.

By 11 Geo. C 34. 14 Geo. 2. C 24. and 21 Geo. 2. C 18. the second Offence in setting Fire to Engines for draining the several Fens to which these Ails relate, is made Felony without Clergy. By 22 Geo, 2. C 11, 16, 19. 29 Geo. 2. C 22. 30 Geo. 2. C 32, 33, 3;, 36. 31 Geo. 2. C 18, 19. 32 Geo. 2. C 13. and 33 Geo. 2. C 32. Offenders maliciously setting Fire to any of the Works for draining the several Fens to which these Acts relate, may be transported for seven Years.

For other Matters, see ©cufojb Jlcfoel.

cgjarp 'Bone chater (cooift#*

The Shares how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 54.

stfjntp 10 sttanlu See St. Mary le Strand.

s&ntp 0trntfo?n 'botu. See St. Mary Stratford.

Spai'p ffilloolnotf). See St. Mary Woolnoth.

fastest.

The Penalty of selling or keeping viformalks, 3 H. 8. C 9.

batons?.

Their Confederacies prohibited, 3 H. 6. C I.

1. Saying or hearing it punished, 23 EL C 1. §4. 11 If 12 W.

3. C 4. § 3.

2. Discovery of Offenders rewarded, 3 fa. 1. C 5. § 1,

anti secant.

1. Servants imbezilling Goods or Money delivered to them by their Mailer, where guilty of Felony, 21 H. 8. C 7.

2. Servants what to forfeit for Fire owing to their Negligence, 6 Anne. 3 I. § 3.

For other Matters, see dlaboutcrs and j&ctfcailts,

Staffer of tfje jrolig*

1. Enabled to grant Leases of the Houses belonging to the Rolls, 12 Car.. 2. C 36. Conllrndtion of the Power, 20 Geo. 2. C 34.

2. His judicial Authority confirmed, 3 Geo. 2. C 30.

3. The Income of his Ofhce augmented, 23 Geo. 2. C 25. § 6.

For other Matters, see Clpllicefg,

^alfei'0 III €ljancci*p* See Chancery.

See Ships and Stores.

Karims*

1. Commsttere agnum lupo, St. tiibem, 14 H. 3,

j&eafure

2. ui cadit a fyllala cadit a tota causa, the Maxim condemned, St, Wall. 12 Ed. 1. in Appendix.

3. Sfispro alieno facto non ef puniendus, St. iveflm. 2. 13 Edi.

C 35-

4. De tranfgreffone certae personae fafid altera ptrfona eommodum aut emendas northeast confequatur, St. de Vafl. 20 Ed. 1. fl. 2,

5. That Allegiance is due more by Reason of the Crown than of the Person of the King, condemned, Exil. Hug. le Despenser. t; Ed. 2, f. 2.

6. Necessary Alliances among the Peers topurfue evil Counsellors, not to be punished by Rigour of Law, St. northeast quit cccaf.pro felon. C 15 Ed. z.f. 3.

7. The King cannot pardon the Suit of others, Statute revoking the Pardon, tzc. 15 Ed. z.f. 4.

8. The Father to the Bough and the Son to the Plough, in Kent, Prierog. Reg. 17 Ed. z.f. I. C 16.

9. None hall be troubled for Covenants made in Time of War, St. Ragm. incerti temp. Vol. 1. 188,

10. Every Man is bound to do to the King as his liege Lord all that pertaineth, 1 Ed. 3./. 2. C 15.

11. Justices ought not to yield Account, 18 Ed. 3, f. 2. C 4.

12. Franchises rellraining the Freedom of selling Merchandise, are to the common Prejudice of the King and his People, 25 Ed. 3./. 4. r. 2.

13. Several condemned Opinions relating to the Prerogative and Treason, 21 R. 2. C 12.

14. Laws without great Penalty are more often obeyed, 1 Mar. f. 1. C 1. § 1.

Dapfjem See Maiming.

sean anti

1. Mead ormetheglin pay one Halfpenny Excise for every Gallon, 1 2 Car. 2. C 23. § 5.

2. And one Halfpenny, 12 Car. 2. C 24. § ig.

3. And one Halfpenny, 22 iff 23 Car. 2. C 3, § 1.

4. And threepence, 1 W. (A M. C 3. § 2.

;. And threepence, 5 W. & M. C 20. $ 10.

6. And threepence, 4 Ann. C 6. § 13.

7. And one Penny, 8 Ann. C 7. § 1.

^eal.

1. May be exported Duty free, 11 if 12 W. 3. C 20. § 4.

2. How many Sacks of Meal may be carried at one Load in London and ivefminfer, 6 Geo. I. C 6.

^enfutel

1. Shall be one through the Realm, M. C 9 H. 3. C 23. 27 Ed. 3.77. 2. C 10. 13 R. fl. 1. C 9.

2. Ordinance for meafnring Land, 33 Ed. if. 6. St. comp, ulnar', lac. incerti temp. Vol. I. 189.

3. Bushels, Gallons and Else, shall be according to the Standard,

and sealed, Or dm. pto pi for. incerti temp, C 8 & 9. Vol. 1. 186. 25 Ed. 3.7?. 5. C 10. sr. 2. C 3.

4. Standards of Measures hall 'be sent in Brass to the Counties,

14 Ed. 3.7?. 1. C 1 z. 34 Ed. 3. C 6. 7 H. 7. C 4.

5. Justices of Peace hall inquire of Measures, 34 Ed, 3. C 4.

b. The Measures in the County of Lancafer, larger than in other Parts, 13 R, z.f, 1. C 9.

7. The Penalty of buying Corn at more than eight Bushels the

Quarter, 15 R. 2. C 4. 1 II 5. C 10.

8. The Statute Mile, 35 El. C 6.

9. The Measure of Vessels of Wine, Eels, Herrings, and Salmon, 2 H. 6, C 11. Of Vessels of Wine and Oil, 1 R. 3.

C ij.

10. The Measure of Cloth shall be Yard and Inch, 1$ H. 6. C 16,

11. The Contents of an Acre, 24 H. 8. C 4.

12. Water

jbajei'mg

^eafm; e.

13. Water Measure In Port Towns may be used; 16 Cuti. C 19. § 7-

14. The respective Contents of a Barrel of Eeer and Ale, 12 Car. z. r. 23. § 20. C 24. § 34. I W, ia M. C 24. § 5.

15. The Bushel of Corn and Salt ascertained, 22 Car. 2. C 8.

22 ia 23 Car. 2. C 12. 5 W. ia M. C 7. § 18.

16. A Measure of Brass shall be chained in every Market, 22 Car.

2. C 8. § 5.

17. Con fables to search for unsealed Measures, 22 Car. 2. C 8. § 6.

18. Where there is not a Clerk of the Market, the Mayor, iac. shall leal Measures, 22 ia 23 Car. 2. C 12. § 4.

>7. Colleflors of the Excise to provide Quarts and Pints of Brass for Ale in every Market town, 11 ia 12 W. 3, r. 15. § 3.

20. Contents of ivan defer Measure, 1 ann.ji. 2. C 3. § 10.

21. Water Measure of Fruit ascertained, iann.ft.i.c.i$.

22. Wine Measure, 5 Ann. C 27. § 17.

For other Mutters, see heet', coalg, (eoopcrs 2. Cojtt, jdiaperp, Cjccifc, Jfuel 1, iac. (Eaugtng, i&palt, is>ail Clotlj,; alt, s>ope, <§tarcl), 3uine= gar, eatcijjbts,

^ctifetatc linguae.

1. Where an Alien is Party, the Jury Shall be half of Aliens, 27

Edo,. ft 2. C 8. 28 Ed. 3. C 13. § 2.

2. The Statutes of the Qualifications of Jurors not to extend to the Aliens, 8 H. 6. C 29.

For other Matters, see uhtcitg, Crial,

$9ctutci*ranean paffeg.

Counterfeiting them Felony, 4 Geo. 2. C 18.

spetitunj) (ftte.)

Pilots on the Medway, how to be licensed, 5 Geo. z. C 20,

For other Matters, see hjocljettcr,

$5elafleg.

To what Duties liable, 2 W. ia m.fejf. 2. C 4. § 35. 6 Geo. 2.

r. t3. § ^

For other Matters, see h&ttt, iac. Oipiantlft ft, csc. tations 1, iac. jrtce 2.

1. Shall have safe Conduct, and may buy and fell by the ancient

and right Culloms, M. C 9 H. 3. C 30. 2 Ed. 3. C 9. 14

Ed. 3.7?. 2. C 2, 5 R. z. ft. 2. C 1.

2. Two Merchants of London Shall be chosen to receive Recognizances of Statute Merchants, St. demercator', 13 Ed. 1 .ft. 3.

3. May freely sell their Merchandise without Disturbance, 9 Ed.

3. C 1. 38 Ed. 1. ft. 1. C 2.

4. May sell their Merchandise in Gross or by Retail, in London or

elsewhere, 25 Ed. 3 .ft. 4. C 2, 11 R, 2. C 7. 16 R. 2 C 1.

contra.

5. Foreign Merchants to have Redress by the Law of the Staple, 27 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 2. ia e. 20.

6. Remedy for Merchants who have been robbed or lost their Goods at Sea, 27 Ed. 2,. ft. 2. C 13,

7. In case of a War, Merchants shall have Time to withdraw their effefls, 27 Ed. 3.77.2. C 17.

8. Shall not lose their Goods for the Trespass of their Servants, 27 Edict. 2. C 19.

9. Shall have Redress by Law Merchant, 27 Ed. 3. ft. e. 20.

10. Credit hall be given to Letters, or to Merchants Oaths, of the Value of their Goods, 27 Ed. 3.7?., 2. C 2 6.

11. Their Ships Shall not be compelled to come to any Pott, 28 Ed. 3. C 13.

12. Engrossing prohibited, 37 Ed. 3, C 5,

Vol. IX Tab.

13. May Trade freely, so that English Merchants do not export Wool, and that none export Gold or Silver, in Plate or Money, 38 Ed. 3. C 2.

14. What Wares Merchants may sell by Retail, and what only in Gross, 2 R. 2. ft. 1. C 1.

15. Merchants of Italy and Sfain may trade to England, giving Security to carry their Exports Wellward or to Calais, 2 R. 2. ft. 1. C 3 •

16. Shall give Security to lay out the Proceeds of their Imports on Merchandise of the Realm, 14 R. 2.0. 1.

17. On Exchanges made, they shall give Security to lay out to

the Value in Merchandise of the Staple, 14 R. 2. C 2. 9 H.

ft. 2. C 9. 1 H. 6. C 6.

18- Merchants Strangers Shall be courteously and righteously used, 14 7?. 2 C 9. 12 Car. 2. C 4. § 3.

19. Merchants Aliens shall not sell to one another Wine or spi eery, or other Goods, except victuals, 16 R. 2. C 1.

20. Shall lay out the whole Proceed of their Imports on Merchan --

dise of the Realm, 4 H. 4. C 15. 5 H. 4. C 9. 18 H. 6. r. 4. 27//.6.c.3. 4 Ed. 4. C 6. 17 £</. 4. r. 1; 1 7?.3. e. 9• 3 U. 7. C 8.

21. Foreign Merchants Shall be demeaned as Engliflt Merchants

are beyond Sea, with a Penalty on the Merchants, 5 H. 4,. C 7. 4 hi. 5. C 3.

22. Merchants Strangers shall sell their Imports within a Quarter of a Year, and shall not sell to other Strangers, 5 H. 4. C 9. Repealed, except that Merchants Strangers ftiall not export the Imports of Merchants Strangers, 6 H. 4. C 4.

23. Holts shall be assigned to Merchants Strangers, 5 H. 4. C 9. 18 H. 6. C 4.

24. All Merchants may fell in Gross, notwithstanding the fran chifes of London, 7 H. 4, C 9.

25. The Chancellor shall send Eftreats into the Exchequer of the Exchanges, 11 H. 4. C 8.

26. None shall sell to Merchants Strangers but for ready Money, and they shall not refuse Payment in Silver, 8 H. 6. C 24.

27. May sell Cloth at six Months Credit, 9 H. 6. C 2.

28. Merchants Strangers restrained from selling to Merchants Strangers, 18 H. 6. C 4.

29. Italian Merchants ftiall sell no Goods after eight Months from,

the Importation, nor anything by Retail, 1 R. 3. C 9. 1

H. 7. r. 10.

30. Merchants of Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, shall lay out the Produce of their Imports, 3 H. 7. C 8.

31. Englishmen may merchandise in Flanders, (Ac. without paying any Fine to the Merchants Adventurers at London, 12 H. 7, C 6.

32. The Trade to Spain, Portugal, and France, to be free, 3 fa. 1. C 6. Saving of Queen Elizabeth's Charter, 4 fa. ic, 9.

For other Matters, see 3ltctt0, (juuctoms, hebitcuce 3. tipolb, (Ac. 18. Jrelanb, u)j)arque ant ireptifal, teamen 40, 45, (Ac. i&ljtps 75, (Ac. Staple, Crate,

tercet Company

1. Provisions for Relief of their Creditors, 21 Geo, 2. C 32. 24.

Geo. 2. C 14. 25 Geo. 2. C 7.

2. Three hundred Pounds to be paid annually to Mercers Company towards payment of Annuities, Debts, iac. 21 Geo. 2. C 29.

See Rivers.

'jetton.

Statutes made there, 20 ft. 3.

1. Forejudger by Default given the Writ of mefr.e, St, Weftrn, 2-, 13 Ed. 1. C 9,

P

2. Frocefs

2, Process in the Writ of mt/ne regulated, and Remedies prov ided for the Tenant peravaile, St. ivrjlni. 2. 1 3 Ed, 1. C 9,

qijetal.

1. The Exportation of Iron, Brass, Copper, Lattin, Bell and

other Metal, anciently redrained, 28 Ed, 3. C 5. 33 H. 8.

C 7. Sf j Ed. 6. C 37.

2. Permitted, 5 IV 3 M. C 17.

3. Metal prepared for Battery, to what Duties liable, 4 W. 13 M. C 5- § 3*

For other Matters, see ubjitfc, Copper, (Emit), jefolt, lilt

tin, fjsjjanufatfurco, pelxitems,

^etljcgktt* See Mead.

^r3int)lcfe, t.

j. The Sessions for the Peace, how often to be held, 14 77. 6.

C 4.

2. In Actions triable by Middlesex Jurors, they shall be called the 4th Day, 3c. 8 EJ. 4. C 3.

3. Inhabitants of Westminster, exempt from serving on Juries at the Sessions for the Peace, 7 {3 8 IV 3, C 32. § 9.

4. Deeds and Wills to be regittered there, 7 Ann. C 20.

5. No Juror to be returned at the Niji Prius in midd/efex, who hath been returned in the two preceding Terms or Vacations,

4 Geo. z. e. 7. § 2.

6. Le ifeholders qualified to serve as Juors in Middlesex, 4 Geo. 2.

7- § 3-

7. But one County Rate to be made for Middlesex, 12 Geo. 2. C 29. § 15.

For other Matters, see Cottlltp irates, Debt, 13c. 13. dftaol 28. 3c. 3hm'cs 4>, 3c. jfluftfccs of 3£>cace 14, 3c. $ig p; iu3 14. fsoo? 17, 3c. iftegtftet 13.

See paste boards. ^flbemun nub ipollibabltg. See Sail cloth. ^ilcg.

1. The Statute Mile, 35 El. C 6.

2. To be taken by Computation for the Distance of the Refineries of Rock Salt from the Pits, 8 Geo. 2. C 12. § 2.

1. None to be compelled to go out of the Shire, but on necessity, 1 Ed. 3.7?. 2, C 5.

2. Soldiers shall be at tyre King's Wages the Day that they depart out of thecounty, 18 Ed. 3.7?. 2. C 7.

3. None shall. be constrained to find Men of Arms, but by Tenure, or by Assent of Parliament, z; Ed. 3.7?,. 5. C 8.

4. Former Acts repealed, and the Charge of finding Horse and

Arms afefertained, 4 3 5 P. 3 M. C 2. 13 3 14 Car. 2. C 3.

5. All Persons required shall appear at a Muller, 3c. 4 3 5 P M. C 3.

6. The Militia of Towns Corporate shall not be obliged to milder out of their Liberties, 4 da' 5 P M. C 3. § 11.

7. The Command of the Militia aliened to the Crown, 13 Car. 2.

ft 1. C 6. 13 dif 14 Car. 2. C 3.

8. The Powers of the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants of

Counties, and Regulations for the Militia, 13 3 14 Car. 2, C 3, 1 5 Car. 2. C 4. 1 Geo. 1. C 14, 7 Geo. 2. C 23.

9. Papills Ellates chargeable, 10 y 11 IV 3. C 12. § 2.

jo. The Lieutenancy may direct who shall contribute to the finding a Horse, 3c. g dif 1 o IV 3. C 12. § 3. 1 ann.ft. 2. C

23. § 2.

it. Trophy Money not to be levied till the former Accounts are paded, 1 aon.ft. 2. C 23. § 4. 10 Ann, C 2f § 4.

12. Lieutenants to appoint the Size of Muskets, g Geo. C 8.

§ 7*

13. New Regulations of the Militia, 30 Geo. 2. C 25.

14. Qualifications to be left with Clerk of the Peace, 30 Geo. 2. C 25. §9.

15. Peers or their Heirs Apparent not compellable to serve, 30 Geo. 2, C 25. §11.

16. Commission does not vacate Seat in Parliament, 30 Geo. 2. C 25. § 12.

17. Men serving for themselves, exempt from Offices, Statute

Work, 3c. 30 Geo. 2. C 25. § 23. 3 1 Geo. 2. C 26. § 24.

18. Married Men called out, may setup Trades in any Part of Great Britain, 30 Geo. 2. C 2;. § 25.

19. Subllitutes to be hired for Quakers, 30 Geo. 2. C 25. § 26.

20. Condables to affilt in Execution of the Act, 30 Geo 2. C 25. § 44-

2r■ In case of Invasion, 3c. Parliament to be summoned, 30 Geo. 2. C 25. § 46.

2 2. Penalty on neglecting, Hid. § 50.

23. Condables to return the Names of Deputy Lieutenants and Parish Officers in the Lid, 31 Geo. 2. C 26. § 14.

24. Oath to be taken, 31 Geo. 2. C 26. § t8.

25. Penalty of persuading Condables to make false Returns, 31 Geo. 2. C 26. § 23.

26. Attendance of Condable enforced, 31 Geo. 2. C 26. § 35.-

27. Militia Laws extended to Berwick, 31 Geo. 2. C 26. §42.

28. The Militia Laws reduced into one Act, 2 Geo, 3. c..20. Explained and amended, 4 Geo. 3. C 17.

29. Application of the Money granted for the Charge of the

Militia, 2 Geo. 3. C 3^. 3 Geo. 3. C to. 4 Geo. 3. C 30.

For other Matters, see cctttojart 42. citlguc 9.

idattjs, j£>oltuer0,

1. The Toll shall be taken according to the Strength of the Water, Ordin. pro fiftor. incerti temp. C 4. Vol. 1. 188.

2. Prohibition shall not go in Suit for 1 ithe of a new Mill, Art. e'eri, 9 Ed. 2. ft. t. C 5.

3. Magidrates may search Mills for adulterated Meal, 3c. 31 Geo. 2. C 29. § 29.

4. Miller, Baker, 3c. not to act as Magistrate under this Act, 31 Geo. 2. C 29. § 32.

For other Matters, see jlljofitfaltlon 8. Salmon 13.

1. Mines of Copper, 3c.. shall not be Royal Mines, though Gold and Silver may be extradled, 1 IV 3 M. C 30. § 4.

2. The Rates at which the King may take the Oar of such Mines, 5 IV 3 M. C

3. For Relief the Creditors of the Company of Mine Adventurers, 9 Ann. C 24.

4. Entering Mines of Black Lead, with Intent to deal, Felony, 25 Geo. 2. C 10.

5. Mines how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. r. 2. § 4.

For other Matters, see ^elottp lditljout Clcrgp, Title

qlbiacfc Jlean,; Jfo; ch

^kiuffets of tfje cfiurcd of cnglnnb. See

Church, Eccleliaftical Courts, Ordination, Religion, Scotland, Service and Sacraments, Vicars.

sgehnt. See Privileged Places.

$fnt foj Coinage. See Money.

^toticutca«our»

$3on<iftet; (e0.

gtfjetoemeattoirc*

Persons suspected of Sealing Lead, Iftc. and not giving a satisfactory Account how they came by it, declared guilty of mifde nteanours, 29 Geo. 2. C 30. § 2, 3.

^itpjifion Of Cteafon See Treason. (Cfjomng, Esq))

of Agreement between him and the Officers of the Ordnance for exchange of Lands in portj'moutb, hotv confirmed, 9 Geo. 1. C 32.

See Manufactures, Silk. ^olaite0. See Melaffes.

9@cinaftetfe&

1. Patrons of Abbeys shall have the Custody of them during Vacation, M. C 9 IF. C 33.

2. Bishops, Abbots, fife, exempt from attending at the Turn, Sr. Marleb. 52 H. 3, C 10.

3. Succeeding Abbots or Prelates may have Actions for the Goods of their House taken away in their predecefi'or's Time, or in Time of Vacation, St. Marleb. 52 FF. 3. C 28.

4. None shall lodge, C in religious Houses again!! their con fenr, St. i'vejim. 1, 3 Ed. 1. C I. Art. cleri. 9 Ed. 2. Jl. 1. C 11. i Ed. J. 2. C 10.

5. No Waste shall be made in their Lands during Vacation, St. ivejlm. 1. 3 Edi. C 21.

6. Nothing shall be sent to their Superiors beyond Sea, St. de

Apportis Religiof, 35 Edi. Jl. I. C I, 2 & 3. 4 Ed. 3. C 6.

5 Ed. 3. C 3. 25 H. 8. C 21.

7. The l'maller Monasteries given to the King, 27 H. 8. C 28.

8. Religious Persons enabled to sue and be sued, 31 H. 8. C 6.

33 H. 8. r. 29.

9. Monasteries dissolved and given to the Crown, 31 er. 1 3.

10. Abbey Lands to continue discharged of Tithes as before, 31 h.8.c. 13. § 21.

11. Monasteries come to the King by Attainder, revived, 32 H. 8. C 20. § 2.

12. The Aft not to prejudice Liberties of the Cinque Ports, 32 H. 8. C 20. § 13.

13. The Knights of Saint John of Jerusalem fupprcfted, 32 FF. 8. C 24.

14. The Payment of Pensions out of the Abbey Lands enforced,

34 & 35 H 8- >9

lc. Rents to be reserved on Grants of Abbey Lands, 2c FF. 8. C 14. 37 FF. 8. r. 20.

16. Colleges, Chantries and Hofritals given to the King, 37 H.

8. C 4. 1 Ed. 6. C 14.

17. Commissioners to be appointed to inquire of Lands given to superstitious Uses, I Ed. 6. C 14. § 10.

18. Religious Persons may inherit to their Ancestors, 5 iff 6 Ed.

6. C '3-

19. .The Penalty of Praemunire inflicted on the difquietirg any Person on Account of the possession of Abbey Lands, 1 is' 2 p. (ft M. C 8. § 40.

For other Matters, see 25tfi)0*?s and Cfcclcfiafttcai

fons.

sponep*

1. Such as be taken for falfc Money not bailable, 3 Ed. 1'. C 15.

2. No Money shall pass but of British Coin, St. de Mon eta, 20

Ed. jl. 4. 9 Ed. 3, Jl. 2. C 4.

3. Money shall be viewed at the Ports, and shall not be concealed in Bales, (ftc. Hid.

4. Defective Money shall be pierced, and sent to the king's Exchange, St. de Moueta parv. 20 Ed. Jl, 5.

3. The several Sorts of bad Money, Artie, de Monetd, 20 Ed. 1.

ft 6.

6. Importing bad Money made capital, St. defafa Monetd, 27

Ed. 1 .Jl. 3. 17 Ed. 3. Declared to be Treason, 25 Ed. 3.

ft s f 2.

7. Money and Plate shall not be exported, St. de salsa Monetd,

27 Ed. 1. 9 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 1. 17 Ed. 3. 4 FF. 4. C 16.

17 Ed. 4. C r.

8. Of the Division of the Penny into Halfpence and Farthings, St. de divif denar, tncerti temp. Vol. I. 189.

9. False Morey shall not be imported, 9 Ed. ft. 2. C 2.

10. Money shall not be melted into Plate on Pain of Imprisonment,

9 Ed. 2,. ft. 2. C 3. 17 R. 2. C 1. 17 Ed. 4. C 1.

11. Search shall be made for Money and Plate exported, and false

Money imported, g Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 9, lot; 11. 17 Ed. 3.

2 FF. 4. C 4.

iz. Counterfeiting Money declared to be Treason, 25 Ed. 3. ft.

5.0.2.

13. None to hold a common Exchange, 25 Ed. 3.7?. 5. C 12.

14. The Money shall not be impaired, zj Ed. 3. ft. 5, C 13.

15. Money shall be delivered at the Mint by Weight, 25 Ed. 3. ft. 5. C zo.

16. None shall be compelled to take foreign Money, 27 Ed. 3.

• ft. 2. C 14.

17. Merchants permitted to re export their Money, z7 Ed. 3. ft. 2. r. 14. Rellrained, 4 H. 4. C 15.

t8. The Scotch fourpence to pass for threepence, 47 Ed. 3. C 2. fortwo perce, 14 A. 2. C 12.

19. Upon Exchanges by Aliens, Merchandise of the Staple to be bought, 14 A. 2. C 2.

20. Foreign Money shall not be current, 17 R. 2. C 1. 2 FF. 4.

C 6. 13 H. 4. C 6.

zi. Gold and Silver found on Persons going abroad, forfeited, z H. 4. C 5.

22. he third Part of the Silver brought to the Mint, shall be coined in Halfpence and Farthings, 4 hac. 10.

23. Shall not be sent to Rome, (ftc. 9 H. 4. C 8.

24. Gaily Halfpence Blanks, (ftc. prohibited, 11 H. 4. C 3. 13

FF. 4. C 6. 2 FF. 6. C 9.

23. Importing prohibited foreign Money made Felony, 3 FF. 5.

ft..

Washing, cbpping and filing of Money made Treason, 3 IF.

5, ft. 2. C 5 £5 6.

27. J uftices of Assise and of the Peace to inquire of counterfeiting Money, 3 R 5./. 2, C 7.

28. An Ounce of Gold shall be brought to the Mint for every Sack of Wool bought to be carried vveftward, 8 FF. 5. C 2.

z9. The Mint to be at Calais, 9 H. I. ft. 1. C 6. ft. 2. C 3.

30. Gold current only by Weight, 9 FF. 5. ft. 1. C it.

31. Any one shall have Money coined at the to wer within eight Days, and Exchanges shall be appointed, g FF. ft. 2. C 2, (ftc.

32. The Council may assign the Coinage of Money and Exchanges in what Places they pleafs, 1 H. 6. C 1.

33. The Duty of the Matter of the Mint, and of the king's ef sayer, 2 FF. 6. C 12.

34. Great Part of the Price of Staple Goods directed to be coined

at the Mint at Calais, S H. 6. C 18. it FF. 6. C 13. 14 IF.

6. C 2. 3 Ed. 4. C 1.

33. Payment in Silver not to be refused, S FF. 6. C 24.

36. None to make Exchange without Licence, 3 H. 7. C 6.

37. Repeal of Patents of Offices in the Mint, 4 FF. 7. C 2,

38. False Money of Ireland prohibited, 17 Ed. 4. r. 1. 19 FI. 7.

5-

39. The forging foreign Money that is current, made Treason, 4.H.J.C.18. Mifprilion of Treason, 14 EC. 3.

40. The Penalty of refilling good Money, 19 FF. 7. C 5.

41. Diminished Money shall not be current, 19 FF. 7. r. 3.

42. Bullion, Plate and Money, not to be exported to Ireland, 19 H.7.C.5.

P 2 43. Regs

cotte

(j90tiopoke&

43. Regulations of the Coinage, 14(5? 15 H. 8. C 12.

44. Gold, Silver or Money nut to be exchanged for mote than the Value, 5 55 6 Ed. 6. r. 19. § 2.

45. Counterfeiting foreign Coin current within the Realm, made Treason, 1 M. ff. 2. C 6. Or importing such counterfeit Coin, 1 if 2 P. & M. C 11.

46. Clipping or Iefl'ening of Money made Treason, 3 £/. r. 11. 1.8 El. C 1.

47. Wife of Person attainted not to lose Dower, 5 El. C 11. §4.

43. Ir is Mifpriiion of High Treason to forge Money which is not the. Coin of this Realm, 14 El. C 3,

49. Melting Silver Coin prohibited, on Penalty of double the Value and Disfranchisement, 13 y 14 Car. 2. C 31.

50. Money shall be delivered at the Mint for Gold and Silver brought to be coined, without Difconnt, 18 Car. 2. C 5.

ji. Coinage Duty imposed upon Wine, Brandy, Ts'c, imported, 18 Car. 2. C 5. § 6.

52. The Coinage Duty to be accounted for by the receiver-general of the Customs, 23 Car. 2. C 8.

53. Gold and Silver exlrafted by refining Metals in England, shall be brought to the Mint, 1 W. & M. C 30.

54. Penalty of exchanging Silver Money for more than the Value, 6 y 7 IV 3. C 17.

55. Penalty of buying or selling Clippings, 6 y y TV. C 17.

56. Reward for apprehending Counterfeiters of the Coin, C 6 y 7 F, 3. r. 17. § 9.

57. Pardon for discovering Offenders, 6 & 7 TV. 3. C 17. § 12.

58. The dipped Money diretted to be recoined, 7 is 8 TV. 3.

C 1. 7 df 8 TV. 3. C 30. § 47.

59. Guineas not to pass at more than 26 s. 7 y 8 TV. 3, C 10.

§ 18. Reduced to 22 7^8 W. 3, C 19. § 1 2.

60. The Encouragement for coining Guineas, suspended, 7 y 8 F. 3. C 13. Restored, 8 TV. 3. C 1.

61. Encouragement given to bring Plate to the Mint, 7 (2? 8 W.

3• r >9«

62. Clipped Money prohibited, 7 y 8 TV. 3. C 19. §11.

63. Guineas may be freely imported, 8 TV. 3. C 1.

64. The distinct Course of Coining Gold and Silver, 8 TV, 3. <■• !•§ 3-

65. Hammered Silver to be current only by Weight, 8 TV. 3. C 2. 66.. Unlawfully making or having Instruments of Coining, High

Treason, 8 y 9 W. 3. C 26.

67. Colouring false Coin, High Treason, 8 K 9 If. 3. C 26.

§4.

68. Coining Tools and counterfeit Money, produced in Evidence, to be cut to Pieces in Court, 8 TS g TV. 3. C 26. § 5.

69. Blanching Copper, counterfeiting Gold or Silver, or fraudulently buying or selling counterfeit Gold or Silver, or false or diminished Money, Felony, 8 y 9 TV. 3. C 26. § 6. prosecutions may be within six Months, 1 Ann. C 9.

70. Hammered Money prohibited, 9 W, 3. C 2.

71.. Any Person to whom suspected Money is tendered, may cut

it, 9 & 10 TV. C 21.

72. The Coining of Halfpence suspended, g&lotv.y. C 33. 73.. Increase of the Allowance out of the Coinage Duty, 4 C 22- 7 C 24. § 3 Cf 4. 4 Gra. 2. r. 12.

74, Deficiency of the Coinage Duty fiipplied, 1 Geo. ic. 43.

80. Treasury may allow Expense of prosecuting Coiners, ifc.

1; Geo. 2, C 28. § 10.

81. Offences in counterfeiting Money, bringing false or counterfeit Money into the p.ealm, and all Offences against 15 Geo.

7. C 28. excepted out of General Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. e. 52.

§ 9, 10.

82. Treasury may defray Expenses of the Mints of England and Scotland out of Coinage Duties, 27 Geo. 2. C 11. ■§ 2.

For aether Matters, see ^dotttcg toltijout Clctgf, Title ^onep. <£olu 2. fljpercbants 13, tfc. £>utiato?e 5. plantations 22. Creafon, uuctgljts 3.

©onfcg.

Infants hall not be received by the Friars before they have entered their 14th Year, without Assent of their Parents, 4 H. 4. C 17.

^onmotttlj. See Wales.

^onopcsife&

I. A Charter of Incorporation for trading to Spain and Portugal annulled. 3 Ja. 1. C 6.

z. Queen elizabeth's Charter to the Merchant Adventurers of Exeter, preserved, 4 Ja. 1. e. 9.

3. Monopolies declared illegal, 21 Ja. 1. C 3.

4. Where procuring action or Judgement to be laid incurs a pre munire, 21 Ja. i. r. 3. §4.

5. Saving for Patents of new Inventions, 21 Ja. 1. C 3. § 5.

6. Not to extend to Corporations, zi Jac. 1. C 3. § 9.

7. Nor to Governors, cof the Hoaftmen of northeast wcaftle, nor to Wine Licences, C 21 Jac, I. C 3. § 12.

8. This at not to extend to a Grant for melting of Iron Ewer, 21 Jac. 1. C 3. §14.

g. A Patent for the foie fairing offifh in Devon and Cornwall, annulled, 21 Ja. 1. e. 11.

10. Charters for the foie making of Brandy, is'e. made void, Z TV. y M. ft. 2. C 9. § I 2.

For other Matters, see (rdunpotuccc.

3e d?0lt. See Traverse.

A Duty of two per.ies Scots upon Beer there, 6 Geo. 1'. e. 7. 7

Geo. 2. C 5.

See non conformists, Quakers. £b/cfccpp. See Raffia. ^ojtbanceftet:.

1. Where diverse Heirs may join in it, 6 Edt. ft. r. C 6. 1

2. The Plea that the Demandant is riot next Heir, may be pleaded in Cofmage, Aiel and Befaiel, St. wsfim.z. 13 Ed. 1.

• C zo.

For aether Matters, see idatstages 4. 3.hfant 5. a

nutations, Houcljcrs 2. udiaies.

§ 2.

75. An Allowance of 15000/. a Year to the Mints, 9 Geo. I. C 19. § 2. 12 Geo. 2. C 5. \gge0.2. C 14. § 2. 27 Geo. 2.

C 11.

76- Counterfeiting broad Pieces, High Treason, sgeo., 2. C 26.

77. Altering Silver Money to.refemble Gold,, y High Treason, 15 Geo. 2. C 28.

78. Uttering false Money twice within ten Days, or having more, a year's Imprisonmenr, 15 Geo, 2. r., 28. § 3.

79. Counterfeiting Copper Money, two Years Imprisonment, 15 Geo., z. r, .z § 6>.

1. A Mortgagor concealing a former Encumbrance, shall lose his Equity ot Redemption; the Under mortgagees may redeem the former Mortgages, 4 TV. & M. e. 16.

2. A Court at Law may relieve the Mortgagor, on Payment of Principal, {ntereft and Colls, 7 Geo. 2. C 20. § 1.

3. On a Bill of Eoreclofure, Mortgagors permitted to tender the Money before Hearing, 7 Geo. 2. C 20. § 2.

For Other Matters, see ajatlfevugts 12. jjltuotst 6. 31tlfantg 9. parliament 49, C Segifter, Sent 9. fldlalcs.

£^ojtmain«

h&otfntafn.

'. Lands shall not be given to a Religious House, in order to be taken back and held of them, M. L g H. 3, C 36.

2. Lands given in Mortmain shall' be forfeited to the Lord, St. Mortm. 7 Ed. ft. 2.

3. Before a Religious Person shall recover by Default, Inquiry shall be made if he hath Right, St. ipejlrn. 2. 13 Ed. 1! C 32.

4. Alienation in Mortmain, prohibited, Stat. s>uia empt. terr.

18 Ed. i.jl. 1. C 3. 15 R. 2. C 5.

5. Inquells to be taken before Licence granted to Alien in Mortmain, St. de libert. perqutrend', 27 Ed. 1. Ji. 2. St. de breaii de inquif. (3c, incerti temp. Vol. r. 189.

6. No Licence shall be granted without the altent of the mesne Lords, St. de terris amort. 34 Ed. fi. 3.

7. preltes that have put Lands in Mortmain, shall be admitted to a reasonable Fine, 18 Ed. 3.7?. 3. C 3..

8. All Corporations within the Statutes of Mortmain, 1 j R. 2.

9. Afiurance of Lands to the Use of Churches, Guilds, Companies, C prohibited, 23 H. 8. C 10.

10, Proviso for Lands given to pious Uses for 20 Years, 23 H. 8.

C 10. § 3.

11. Gifts to Spiritual Corporations permitted, t & 2 F. & M. r. 8. § 51 & 54.

12. Liberty given for 20 Years to bellow Lands to the Poor,

Houses of Correction, 35 EL C 7. § 27. 39 El. C 5.

13. Impropriators may give Part of the Tithes to the Church without Licence, 17 Car. 2. C 3. § 7.

14. Parsons and Vicars not having too, per Ann. clear, may purchase without Licence, 17 Car. 2, C 3. § 8.

15. Corporations may purchase Fee Farm Rents under 22 Car. 2, notwithllanding the Statutes of Mortmain, 2z Car. 2. C 6. § to.

16. The Crown may grant Licence to Alien 'in Mortmain, 7 & 8 IV 3. C 37.

17. Gifts in ivlortmain by Will, lac. rellrained, 9 Geo. 2. C 36. j8, Exceptions as to Universities and Royal Colleges, 9 Geo. 2.

C 36. § 4... • y

For other Matters, see (jmnjnsfa Company. tfrec; jfarm jrentis 4. six ft jfvuits 27. isuipchgitious Mfce, Slit car 16. teinion 3. cllojcesjcr 3. •1

t. May be sued for in the Ecclefiallical cou t, where they have been customari'y paid, Si. Circumjp. agat. 13 Ed. Jl, 4. 9

Ed. z.'ft. I. C 1.

2. Flow much shall be paid for Mortuaries, 21 II 8. C 6.

3. Legacies to the Parson or to the Altar allowed, 21 H. 8. r. 6.

4. Mortuaries'taken away in Wales and Berwick, 21 H. 8. C 6.

§ 6.

5. Mortuaries in Woles taken away, 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 6.

6. In the Archdeaconry of Chester taken away, and arecompence made to the Bishop of Chester, 28 Geo. 2. C 6.

I. On Importation 7 /• s. d.

pays a Barrel Ex s 030 12 Car. 2. C 3.

cife, J

2. -■ ■ — • and -- - 030 12 Car. 2. C 24.

3. ■ — and — — o 3 o 4 IP. (A mc. 3.

4. -- -- and -- -- -- - o 3 o 3 IP. if M. C 20. § to,

3. -- -- - and -- 0304 Ann. C 6. § 10.

6. -- -- -- — and -- -- o 10 o 12 Ann. ft. 1. C 2. § I.

7. -- -- -- -- and — — o 10 o 3ogeo. 2. C 4. § 4.

8. Duties how to be levied, 2 W. (A m.fejf. 2. C 10. 7 3. 5 W.

IA M. C 20. § 11. 4 Ann. C 6. § 16. 30<7«. 2. C 4. § 6.

9. Mum may be exported, and the Excise how repayable, 1 W. (A m.fejf. 1. C 22. § 1.

to. Relanding it, what to forfeit, 1 W. IA m.feft, 1. C 22. § z.

11. Excise on foreign Mum, not to be repaid oa Exportation, i IV IA M. Jeff. I. C 22. § 4.

12. Mailers of Ships chargeable in their Victualling Bills with the usual Quantities, 1 IV IA m.fejf. 1. C 22. § 2.

83ummei&

To be imprisoned, 3 H. 8. C 9.

^untucfc See Metal.

gbutage*

Forfeited for being taken otherwise than it was granted, j Ed* 1, C 31.

garner.

1. Is flaying by Felony, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 27.

2. Death by Misadventure shall be found by the Country, St. Glove. 6 Ed. 1. C 9.

3. Killing a Trcfpafler in a Forell, lac. not Murder, 21 Edi, ft. 2.

4. If any Man be (lain in the Day and the Felon not taken, the Township shall be amerced, 3 H. 7. C 1.

5. Ifany .be wounded in Peril of Death, the'offender shall be' arrelled, 3 H. 7. C I.

6... Trials at the king's Suit for Murder ormanflaughter, maybe within the Year and Day, 3 II 7. C I.

7. On an Appeal of Murder, Acquittal or Attainder upon in diftment shall be no Bar, unless Clergy be had, 3 H, 7. C 2.

8. No Forfeiture for killing a Man attemping to commit Murder or Robbery, 24 H. 8. C 3.

g. Where the Stroke or Poisoning shall be in one County and the Death in another, the Indictment or Appeal shall be where the Death happens, 2^3 Ed. 6. C 24.

10. The Accessaries may be indicted or appealed in the same County, 2^3 Ed. 6. C 24. § 3.

11. For Trial of Murders where either the Stroke or Death happens in England, 2 Geo. 2. c.21.

12. The Sentence to be passed on Persons convifled of Murder 23 Geo. 2. C 37.

For other Matters, see Appeal, hbatl 20. tbnfttirtl 8, Clergy, Jrelctis, iac. felonies toftljoat ctletgiv Dato ssltta, palace 6. acton, ^avlir, iac, 5= Livtal,

l&ulfcofyn See Ritjia.

ikulmnis*

1. Duties on them, I r sf 12 IP. 3. C 3. § I. 3ia4 Ann, e. 4, -

2. To be repaid on Exportation, 12 IA 13 W. 3. C 11. § 13, 7 Geo. \. ft. 1. C 21.' § 11.

3. What to be deemed Mullins, 12 IA 13 W. 3. C 11. § 14,

4. The Duties not altered by 10 Ann. C 29.

For other Matters, see jlhltlta docods, - and 31111$!!,

jl&uffeting Of See Soldiers.

See Clergy, Felony.

See Admiral, Seamen, and Soldiers, hutton ants

Not to be imported, 32 Car. 2. r. 2. § S,

jyln(rr.br?<klgijv

j[)atutalr2ati'oiw

jdqdj? Msi.

Jftcthcnftle.

N.

$almio|ot!8lj.

Its Justices, where empowered to determine Appeals, 9 Geo. 1. 7- § 7-

^atiirahjati'oit.

1. The Children of a King of England, or of Subjefls born out

of the king's Allegiance, to be deemed natural born Subjects, 25 Ed. 3. ft, z. 7 Awe. 5- § 3-. JO C 5. 4 Geo. 2.

C zt.

2. An Act for naturalising the Children of Thomas Points and ethers, 33 H. 8. C 2;.

3. Such as are to be naturalised or restored in Blood, shall receive the Sacrament, and take the Oaths, 7 Ja. 1. C 2.

4. The Children of his majesty's Subjects born beyond Sea, during the Troubles, naturalised, 29 Car. 2. C 6.

5. Children of Officers born abroad, naturalised, 9 os' 10 W. 3. C 20.

<5. No Alien, though naturalised, (Ac. capable of Offices of 'l'ruft, fac. \z(a 1 3 W. 3. C 2.

7. Natural Subjects may inherit, and make their Title by an cefiors born beyond Sea, 1-1 iz W, 3. C 6. Provided they were born before the Time of the Descent, 25 Geo. 2. C zg.

8. Foreign Proteilants naturalised, 7 Ann. C 5. Repealed, 10 Ann. C 5.

9. Person naturalised at Accession of Geo. 1. notdifabled, j Geo.

1. r. 4. § I.

10. No Bill of Naturalisation to be received, without a Clause oifabling from being a Member of Parliament, (Ac. 1 Geo. 1. C 4. § 2.

1 t. Time given to the Palatines in Ireland for taking the Oaths, 1 Geo. 1. C zq.

12. Children of Subjects born abroad to be deemed natural born Subjects, 4 Geo. 2. C 21.

13. Foreign Seamen serving two Years upon Proclamation in Time of War, naturalised, 13 Geo. z. C 3.

14. Foreigners residing seven Years in the Plantations, naturalised,

1 3 Geo '. 2. C 7. Extended to the Moravians, 20 Geo. 2. C 44* ^

15. Sacrament to be received except oy Quakers and Jews, 13 Geo. 2. C 7. § 2.

16. Retrained from holding Offices of Trull, (sic. 13 Geo. 2.

C 7. § 6. 20 Geo. 2. C 44. § 5.

17. Foreign Proteilants fervingthree Years in the Whale Fishery, naturalised, 22 Geo. 2. C 45. § 8.

18. Excluded from Offices of Trull, Ac. 22 Geo. 2. C 43. § 10.

19. None to inherit by 11 W. 3. C 6. but such as were capable take at the Death of him who died lad seized, 25 Gee. 2. e. 39.

, zo. Foreign Proteilants serving two Years in America, naturalised, 2 Geo. 3. C 25.

For other Matters, fie jibing, (Ac. 4. i5>0utl) £0ltl panp S'

jfltwnl 0fotc0. See Ships and Stores.

imiptfott See ships bfihp. See Seamen, Ships. 1

1. Counterfeiting Navy Bills, (Ac. punished, 1 Geo. t. ft. 2. C

2$. § 6,

z. Stealing of them Felony, 2 Geo. 2. C 25. § 3.

swflce.

How rebuilt, 25 Car. 2. C 10.

lisccfclaccs ant) 'Bracelets of <s5hif£.

Necklaces of Glass imported, what Duties to pay, 4 IV (A M,

What Sorts of neck clothes are not chargeable by 10 Ann. C 19. 12 ann.jl. 2. C 9. § 5. (A C 19.

$eethe 'tu0?fc.

1. Importing it prohibited, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 13. z. May be exported Duty free, 11 (A iz W, 3. C 3. § 1$.

Bet fo? Jplfyfltff* See Fishing.

Beht'g anti cd?i'ffapijce£h

The Sum of 103, 003 /. nr. 4 d. dillributed among the Proprietors and Inhabitants, 9 Ann. C 23. § 88. 10 Ann. C 34. 5

Geo. 1. C 32. 8 Geo. 1. r. zo. § 43. 13 Geo. 1. C 3. § 10.

1 Geo. z. ft. 2. C 3. § 24.

For other Matters, see Annuities.

*

upon Cute.

1. Keels in the Haven to be measured and marked, 9 H. 5. C 10.

30 Car. z. ft. 1. C 8. 6 (A 7 W. 3 C 10.

2. No Goods shall be Ihipped in the Harbour but at Newcastle, 21 H. 8. C is.

3. Fiffi, Salt or Provisions excepted, 21 H. 8. C 18. § 5.

4. The Mayor, (Ac. of Nenvcaftle may pull down Wears in the River, zi H. 8. C 18.

5. Gateftde annexed to Neixcafile, 7 Ed. 6. C 10. Repealed, I M. ft. 3. C 3.

6. Goldsmiths, Silverfmiths and plate workers incorporated, 1 Asm. ft. 1. C 9. § 4.

7. For the Regulation of Silver in Newcastle, see 'xisjiftoi.

For. other Matters, see coills, cpold 34, (Ac. limitations

6. Monopolies 7.

jf'kfofomtsiantu See Fish, Greenland.

Betupte ^at*feet -- pace.

To be leased to the City of London, 22 Car. 2. f. 11. § 61.

See Harbours.

«$eu)po?t in tlje He cf Mujfjt.

The Poll for Knights of the Shire may be adjourned to it, 7 (A 8 W. 3. C 25. § 10.

Med) Eiher.

its Shares, how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 54.

Beth aperio See Stamps.

Beth tile. See Calendar.

Betu tkikniifor,

Its waterworks, how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 73.

beu)

Salt, how imported from Europe thither, 3 Geo. 2. C 12.

4

in

See False News.

jsl'cljolag 2deptfo?tl. See Saint Nicholas. iftigljmtjal&etg.

night walkers and suspected Persons to be arrested, 3 Ed. 3. C 14.

j9f(i p?ui0.

1. Issues which are of easy examination may be determined before 1 Justices by Nfi prius, St. ipeflm. 2. 13 EJ. 1. C 30.

2. Judgement may be given at Nisi prius in Darrein Presentment isf Sfiare Impedit, St. H'efini. 2. 13 Ed. 1, C 30.

3. Issues may be tried at Nisi prius by a Judge of the same Court, St. de Sin. lemat. 27 Edi. fi. 1. C 4.

4. Issues in Plea of Land may be tried at Nisi prius before one or two Justices of the Place, St. Ebsr. 12 Ed. 2. fi. 1. C 3.

5. Justices of Nisi prius may record Defaults and Nonfuits, St. Ebor, iz Edict. 1. C 4.

6. Nisi prius shall be granted as well at the Suit of the Defendant as of the Plaintiff, 2 Ed. 3. C 16.

7. Nisi prius granted in Attaints, 5 Ed. 3. C &. 23 H. 8. C 3.

§8.

8. May be granted before the Justices of Assise, tv. 14 Ed. 3. fi. 1. C 16.

9. Justices of Nfiprius may give Judgement in Assise of Darrein Presentment & Impedit, 14 Ed. 3 .fi. 1. C 16.

10. The Panels shall be returned in Court and shown to the Parties, 42 Ed. 3. C 11.

11. Shall be granted, at the Suit of the Jurors after the third di stress, 7 R. 2. e. 7.

12. Justices of A fi prius may give Judgement in case of Felony and Treason, 14#. 6. C 1.

13. For the Return of Juries at Nfi prius, 35 H. 8. C 6.

14. Causes laid in Middlesex, may be tried at Nisi prius, 18 El. C 12. Within eight Days after Term, 12 Geo. j. C 31. Within fourteen Days, 24 Geo. 2. C 18. § 5.

For other Matters, see ©jtdjcqucr, jiutfcs, juttfccs of

jsoblcnich* See Lords and Peers.

imanteiu

The Neighbouring Towns shall be distrained to levy Enclosures thrown down in the Night, St. jpefim. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 46.

330tklaim. See Fines.

3£cn Compos. See Idiots

©oncoitfoimifcsf.

1. To be puniftied'by Imprisonment, and to submit in three Months or abjure the Realm, 33 El. C 1.

2. Keeping a Nonconformist in the House after Notice, subject to the Penalty of ten Pounds a Month, 35.el. CI § 8..

3. Penalties on being at Conventicles, 16 Car. 2. C 4. 22 Car.

2; C I.

4. Justices, isfc.. may break open Door, 22 Car. 2. C 1. § 9.

3. Houses of Peers where they are resident, not to be searched, 22 Car. 2, C i 10.

6. If Wise be convicted, Penalty to be levied on the Goods of the Husband, 22 Car. C 1. § 16.

7. Nonconformist Ministers prohibited to come within five Miles of a Corporate Town, isfc. 17 Car. 2. C 2.

8. Prohibited to teach School, 17 Car. 2. C 2. $ 4, 12 Ann.

fi. 2. r. 7.

9. The penal Laws net to extend to p^oteftant Dissenter? taking the Oaths, 1 H', £5* M. C 18.

'10. The aft not to exempt them from Tithes, isfc. 1 W. is M.. C 18. §6.

11. Dissenters ferupling to bear Parish Offices may aft by Deputy,

1 IP. yjl/. r. 18. § 7. iz. Anabaptists entitled to Privileges of dissenting Ministers, 1 ir.isfm.fi. 1. r. 18. § ro.

13. Protellant dissenting Ministers freed from Parish offices, and serving upon Juries, 1 JP. if mc. 18. § it..

14. Pnpifts and Deniers of the Trinity excepted, 1 IP. ifi M. fi. 1. C 18. § 17.

13. Penalty on disturbing their Worship, 1 TP. isf M. C 18. § 18.

16. Persons in Office prohibited to be present at Conventicles, la Ann. C 2. Repealed, 3 Geo. ie. 4.

17. Which nevertheless prohibits their being present in their Habits of Office, .5 Geo.. 1. C 4. § 2.

i 8. Dissenters permitted to qualify according to the Toleration Aft, pending a Prosecution, 10 Ann. C 2. § 8.

19. A dissenting Minister qualified in one County may officiate in another, 10 Ann. C 2. § 9.

20. Toleration of the Lpilcopal Communion in Scotland, to Ann..

C 7*

21. Penalty on Magistrates being, at Conventicles in their Habits,

5 Geo. 1. C 4. § 2..

22. Epifcopaf Meeting Houses n' ' to be registered, 19. Geo. 2. C 38.

23. Penalty on unqualified Ministers officiating in Scotland, 19 Geo. 2. C 38. § 5.

24. Episcopal Ministers in Scotland, to be ordained by a Biftiop

of England'ox Ireland, 19geo. 2. C 38. § 9. 21 Geo. 2. C 33.

§>3.

23. Peers and others present at unlawful Meeting Houses in Scotland disqualified from voting, isfe. 19 Geo. 2. C 38. § 1 r.

26. Form of Affirmation to be taken instead of an Oath by the Members of the Uni las fratrum,. 22 Geo. 2. e. 30.

27. Privileges, granted to the Members of the Unitas fratrum,. who shall settle in America, 22 Geo. 2. e. 30. 5 4'.

For other Matters, see sbjlirattcu, filuiafccrs..

jsolljuto^. See Oaths.

. !on ©bftante. See Dispensation jsompichut.

None shall lose his Land because of non plevin, 9 Ed, .$. e. 2..

^omkefttience..

The Penalty of it, 21 H. 8. C 13. § 26..

jsmifiut.

1. May be recorded at Nfi prius, 12 Ed. 2. fi. 1, C 4..

2. Shall not be entered for a Plaintiff that hath a Verdict against' him, 2 H. 4. e. 7.

3. A Nonfnit may be entered for want of a Declaration in two

Teims, 13 Car. fi. 2. C 2. § 3.,,

4. Judgement of Nonsuit may be given where the Plaintiff delays Proceeding to Trial, 14 Geo. 2. e. 17.,

For other Matters, see (ftofts,

iscn ttciuicc. See Abatement.

jsoiim'clj anh

1. Who may buy Instruments for fishing in Norfolk, 31 Ed. 3. fi. 3. cz.

2. worlled makers in Norfolk may have two Apprentices, 12 H

7. r. 1.

3. For rebuilding the Houses in Norwich, 26 II S. e. 8.

4. Eifhop

©onconfoamfft#.

isojfoht* jijuifance?

4. Bishop of 'Norwich chargeable with the colicduon of the king's Tenth, 32 //• 8. C 47.

5. Only Weavers in Norfolk may buy Worded Yarn in Norwich

or Norfolk, 33 H, 8. C 16. 1 Ed. 6. C 6.

6. Regulations relating to the making of Hats, Dornccks and Coverlets in Norwich and Norfolk, 5 iy 6 Ed. 6. C 24.

-7. At what Prices Corn and Grain may be exported from Norfolk and Suffolk, 1 El, C 11. § 11.

8. Vessels anchored on the Coasts of Norfolk and Suffolk, where forfeited, 13 El. C n. § 4.

9. For repairing the Sea Banks and Sea Works in Norfolk, 27 El. C 24.

10. Regulations of the Stuff Manufaflurcs, and of Eledtions, 9 Geo. 1. C 9.

11. Who are excused being Sheriffs, 9 Geo. I. C 9. § 3.

12. For repairing the Walls, Bridges, tic. 12 Gee. 1. C 15.

13. Eledtions, tic. regulated, 3 Geo. 2. C 8.

14. None but Inhabitant to be elected Sheriff of Norwich, 3 Geo. 2. C 8. § 11.

15. For building the Shire House in the County of Norfolk, 20 Geo. 2. C 21.

|6. For Regulations of Silver, see ujjiftol.

For other Matters, see h5auuc 3. ^ftft) 3, tic. 7,

tic. 16.

1. Statutes made there, 2 Ed. 3.

2. For rebuilding the Town, 27 H. 8. C t. 27 Car. 2. C 1.

©cljocl in tljc County of d5iou* coffer.

How founded and incorporated, 4 fa. 1. C 7.

$02tfhmtfmlatiti ana jh5o?tljern Counties

1. Process of Outlawry to be awarded against Felons dwelling in Tindale and Hexhamjhire, 2 H. 5. C 5.

2. Againll those of Riddeflale, 9 H. 5. C 7.

3. Gathering of Head Pence by the Sheriff of Northumberland, prohibited, 23 H. 6. C 6.

4. Process of the Warden Court shall only be executed in Cumberland, Weflmorland, Northumberland and Newcastle, 31 IE 6.

5. Titida! made Part of Northumberland, and the Farmers to find Surety to (land to the Law, 11 H. 7. C 9.

6. The County court shall be kept at Alnwick, 2 tl 3 Ed. 6. r. 25. § 3.

7. The Sheriff shall account as other Sheriffs do, 2 tf 3 Ed. 6.

r. 34‘

8. Inquiry, into the Decay of Houses and Tillage in the Northern Counties, 2 tf 3 P. tl M. C 1. g. hcxan.shire united to Northumberland, 14 El. C 13.

10. Commission to inquire of the Decay of Houses in the Northern Parts, 23 El. C 4.

It. Burning Corn, tic. made Felony in the Northern Counties, 43 El. C 13.

12. For repressing Robberies in the Northern Counties, 43 El.

C 13.

13. Provisions for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders, jfa.l.c.l. 13 tl 14 Car. 2. C 22. 29 30

Car. 2. C 2. 24 Geo. 2. C 57.

14. Benefit of Clergy taken from notorious spoil takers in Northumberland, 15c. or Justices of Assise, tic. may transport them not to return, 18 Car. 2. C 3.

15. The Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders shall be deemed public Acts, 6 Geo. 2. C 37. § to.

For other Matters, see Coiuup Court 5. jo; fc 3.

See Wales.

idojtott (klcfjiutlj cf(ji)

Statutes concerning his Will, 6 Geo. 2. C 32. 10 Geo, 2. C 37.

See Gold, Norfolk, Worded.

Dofc.

Slitting or catting it off, where Felony, 22 tl 23 Car. z. C I. §7

^otc 5:

Remedy given to the indorfee.of promissory Notes, as upon Bills of Exchange, 3 tl \ Ann. C 9.

For other Matters, see dlbl'hfi of (6ycl)nngc, tic. cojlls 44. Erelong Clevgp, Title jfoj'gevg ant) Iftobbetp.

^otttnndjam.

For rebuilding the Town, 27 H. 8. C 1.

om Di'flctfitt.

1. Such Assise, and Assise of Mortdancefler, where and before

whom to be taken, M. C 9 H. 3. C 12. St. Wefhn. 2. 13 Ed.

1 ft 1. C 10, 30.

2. May be adjourned for Difficulty, M. C 9 H. 3. C 12, 2 H.

4. C 7. _..

3. re diffeifin, how to be inquired of and puniffied, 20 H. 3.

C 3. 13 Ed. l.ft. 1. C 26.

4. In what Cases an Assise of Novel Diffeiftn lies, St. Weflm. 1. 3 Edi. C 24. St. Weflm. 2. 13 Edi. C 18, 25, 46.

5. And at what Times, 3 Ed. 1. C 51. 13 Ed. l.ft. 1. C 10, 3°.

6. Tenants may plead by Bailiff, 13 Ed. f. 1. C 23. 34 Ed,

1. ft. 1. 12 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 1.

7. The Danger of taking a false Exception, 13 Ed. l.ft. 1. C 25. 34 Ed. l.ft. I. de conjundim feoff at'.

8. The Record how to be certified and re examined, 13 Ed. j. ft. t. C 25.

9. What the Judgement on a Diffeiftn with Robbery or Force, 3 Ed. 1. C 37. 4 H. 4. C 8.

10. What to be done on a Plea of Jointenancy, 34 Ed. i.jl. 1. de conjundim feoff at'.

11. An Assise of Novel Diffeifin given against the Pernor of che

Profits, 1 R, 2. C 9. 4 H. 4.' C 7. 11 H. 6. C 3.

12. May be taken against the Patentee of the Crown, 1 H. 4.

r. 8.

13. Copies of the Panel to be delivered to the Parties six Days before the Sessions, 6 H. 6. C 2.

For other Matters, see <?{kfc and adiffcifin,

1

iftufanrc*

1. A Writ of Nuisance may be maintained against the Alienee of him who erected the Nuisance, St. iveftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 24.

z. Vleantsel Writs of Nuisance may be in Nature of an Assise, 6 R. 2. C 3.

3. They who put Annoyance in Ditches, tie. near Towns, shall be puniffied by the Chancellor, by Scire facias. 12 R. 2. C 13.

4, Acting under old Charters not continued, to the Prejudice of Trade, a public Nuisance, 6 Geo. i. C 18. § 18.

For other Matters, see hgjldgcs, 415jcllicrs 10. ifhitclkxg 2, tic. Cattle, cottffnuu casu, Stcatljcr 33. Slonoou, potteries 2. Squibs.

3; ©ati; )S,

X

1. The Oath of the Justices and .other Officers, ts Ed. ft. 4.

14 Ed. ft. 1. C 5.

2. Of Justices of Oyer, Gaol Delivery and Assise, c5'r. 20 Ed.

3- 3*

3. Of the Clerks of Chancery and Clerks of Course, 18 Ed. 3. ft. 3.

4w The Oath of Supremacy appointed by 1 Eliz. 1 El. C 1. 5

El. C 1. § ig. 27 El. C 12.

5. The Oath of Obedience, appointed by 3 Ja. 1. 3 Ja. 1. C 4.

§ 15.

6. The Oath of Obedience to be taken by all above the Age of Eighteen, 7 Ja. 1. C 6.

7. All Ecclesiastical Persons taking Orders to take the Oaths, 7 Ja. 1. C § 19.

8. Where Persons refusing incur a Premunire, 7 Ja. 1. C 6. § 26.

9. The Declaration against Transubstantiation and Popery, 25

Car. 2. C 2. § 9. 30 Car. 2, ft. 2. C 1.

10. Oath ex Officio taken away, 13 Car. 2. C 12, §4.

11. Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy changed, 1 W. M.

C I, & C 8. 1 ann.ft. I. C 21.

12. Repeal of the Declaration against taking Arms against the King, 1 WM. C 8. § 11.

13. Declaration of Fidelity for the Quakers, 1 JV. ift M. C 18.

§ 13. 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 6. 8 Geo. 1. C

14. Commission Officers 20 Miles from London, may take the Oaths at the Muller, 1 W. Csf M. C 25.

15. practicers of the Law required to take the Oaths on pain of Premunire, 7 (A 8 W. 3. C 24.

16. Refusing to take the Oaths to incur the Penalties of Rscufants,

7 (ft 8 U'. 3. C 27. § 1.

17. Quakers making Declaration exempted, 7^8 IV 3. C 27.

§ iz.

18. Penalties may be pardoned under the Privy Seal, 7 ts" 8 IF. 3. C 27. §15.

19. Persons refusing the Oaths disabled to vote at elefb'ons for Parliament, 7 & 8 W. y C 27. § 19.

20. The Alfociation appointed, 7 (A 8 W. 3. C 27. § 3. Repealed, 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 22. § 3.

21. Indemnity from neglects of taking the Oaths, n ift \iw.

3. C 17. I Ann. ft. 2. C 17.,

22. The Abjuration Oath to be taken, 13 W. 3. C 6. 6 Ann.

C 7. § 20.

23. Peers afid Members of Parliament to take the Oath of Abjuration before voting, 13 IV 3. C 6. § 10. 1 Geo. 1. C 13.

§ 16.

24. Oaths may be taken in Common Pleas or Exchequer, as well as in Chancery or king's Bench, 1 Ann. ft. 1 C 22. § 5.

25. To be taken in Scotland, 6 Ann. C 14.

26. Quakers may affirm the Effect of Abjuration Oath, 6 Ann. C 23. § 14.

27. Directions for taking the Oaths in England, to qualify for Offices in Scotland, 8 Ann. C 1 5.

28. Advocates, ts'r. in Scotland to take the Oaths, 10 Ann. C

§ 10. 20 Geo. 2. C 43. §44.

29. All Persons in Office, iftc. required to take the Oaths, 1 Geo. I. C 13.

30. Seamen or Soldiers under the Degree of Commission or Warrant Officers to pay nothing for taking the Oaths, 1 Geo. 1.

13. § 31.

31. Alterations of the Oaths to be taken by Preachers in Scotland,

5 Geo, 1. C 29.

32. All Persons required to take the Oaths, or register their

Estates, 9 Geo. 1. C 24. 10 Geo. t. C 4.

Von. IX 1 ab.

Oncers.

33. Persons in the Fleet or beyond Sea to take the Oaths after their Return, 13 G o. 1. e. 29.

34. Persons continued in Office for six Months after the Death of the King, not obliged to take the Oaths, 1 Geo. 2. ft. t. C 5,

& C 23.

35. Six Months Time given to Officers and others to take the Oaths, iftc. 2 Geo. 2. C 31, § 4.

36. Time for taking the Oaths and the Sacrament enlarged to six Months, 9 Geo. 2. C 26. § 3.

37. Chaplains, Schoolmasters, is'e. in Scotland, to take the Oaths, 21 Geo. 2. C 33. § 11, isv.

38. Further Time allowed to Members of Corporations to take

the Oaths of Office, and stamp their Admissions, 28 Geo. 2. C 3. 29 Geo. 2. C 32. § 2.

39. Farther Time allowed to Persons who have omitted to qualify

themselves for Offices, 28 Geo. 2. C 24. 29 Geo. 2. C 32. 33

Geo. 2. C 29. 1 Geo. 3. C 12, 2 Geo. 3. C 23. 3 Geo. 3,

C 3.

For other Matters, see ufstiabtt, cojpojatiolt, Ccclcft. acital Courts, iac. 73. Cycifc 6. 3eetos 5. Jrclnua 35, isfe. fiing 33. 5lotttioii, ^attbamus 6. i^tlitta 24, iftc. Jftcttconfojmifts, ^apifts, ^atltameut, Quakers, usecufants, isfcotlaitb, jsftjcriff 9, iftc. Shearing.

See Monasteries. sdblatlqus* See Tithes. fidbliptfoin

1. Penal Bonds void if made in the third Person, in Courts out of the Realm, 38 Ed. 3, ft. 1. C 4.

2. In Actions on Bond for Nonperformance of Covenants Plaintiff may assign as many Breaches as he thinks fit, 8 IA 9 IV 3. C 11. § 8.

3. Where Payment maybe pleaded, 4 Ann. C 16. § 12.

4. Where Principal, Interest and Costs, may be brought into Court, 4 Ann. C 16. § 13.

3. Stealing a Bond made Felony, 2 Geo. 2. C 25. § 3.

6 For Obligations to the King, see jdcbt to tic &iitg.

For other Matters, see 3fpp?chttccs 5. ail 16. 3dcbt to anb from the l^itig 16. Cjctjcgucr 24. felonies bottle in anb totthout Clergp, Tit. rfforgerp and isobberp, outs; ea Company z9. Cities 3. ££tomen 1, iac.

Dio $

1. The Writ shall be granted freely, M. C 9 H. 3. C 26.

2. The Inquests shall be of lawful Men, '(Ac. St. Weftm. 1. 3

Ed. 1. C 11..

3^ No Writ shall be granted of the Death of a Man, St. Glouc. 6 Ed. 1. C 9.

4. Appellees kept long in Prison shall have a Writ of Odio tt arid, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 29.

3. No Writ shall be directed to a Sheriff to charge an Inquest to indict any, 28 Ed. 3. C 9.

Offering.

To be paid at four Offering Days, or at Easter, 2 A 3 Ed. 6-. C 13. § 10.

©fft'cc Of 3!mjttlfttl01t. See Inquisition..

1. The king's Officers shall not diffeife any without Warrant, St.

Weftm. I. 3 Ed. 1. r. 24.

2. Where a Gaoler h inefficient, his Superior shall answer, St.

Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 11.. .1

Q 5. Officers

©biijyatfcm.

Meets. ®$fnatfon.

3. Officers shall not be made by Brokage or Favour, iz R. 2, e, 2.

4. They who appoint Officers in the Courts shall be sworn to appoint sufficient Men, 2 H. 6. e, 10.

5. The buying or selling of Offices that touch the administration of Justice or the Revenue, prohibited, 5 c51 6 Ed. 6. C 16.

6. Not to extend to Clref Justices of king's Bench, Common Pleas, Justices of Assise, Ac. 5 A 6 Ed. 6. C 16. § 7.

7. Grants of usual Eccleftaftical Offices confirmed, 1 El. C 4.

§ 36-

For other Matters, see coltiniififfolt, co?{jc?nttort, dllftoms, Custos j8otulo?»m, tfejccffc, irojeft, 31rcianb, Iking

40. ffipamteuattce t, (Ac. Cutljo, parliament, ire cetbcvs, irccufnnts, €ap.

ifldfer anti ©ernifnei*.

The Writ of Oier and terminer of Trefpaffcs and Appeals re' strained, St. Vf'eftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C zg.

m ■

Search to be made in London for defective Oils, 3 H. 8. CL

2. Duties on Hempfeed Oil, Rape Oil, and other Seed Oil, and Olive Oil, 2 TV. if m.'fejf. 2. C 4. § 9 Ctf 41.

3. No Lamps to be used in private Houses but of Fish Oil, 8 Ann. C g. § 18.

For other Matters, see (sjaugtttg 2, 7, lac. t!; alc6,

£dnflo&5 (^irtfjutr, 0fq;)

An Annuity of three thousand Pounds per Inn. out of the Aggregate Fund for the natural Lives of Arthur Onflow, Esq; and of his Son Geo ge Onflow, Esq; in Conftderation of the long continued and eminent Services of the said Arthur Onflow, as Speaker of the Honfe of Commons, 2 Geo. 3. C 33.

Change, (Prince of Change)

Naturalised, .7 Geo. 2. C 4.

©jcljnl

To what Duties liable, IV LA M. C 5. § 2,

o^cljattis anti ®artien£....

1. Robbing them, 43 EL C 7.

2. Or deftioying Trees in them, how puniffied, 9 Geo. 1. C 22.

3. The Hundred answerable for the Damages, 9 Geo. 1. C 22.

5 7-..

: -; - ©jtmtnri?.

Indictments against Ordinary, Ac. for Extortion, to set forth the Fa, ' 25 Ed. 3.7?. 3. C 9.

For other Matters, see sjtdimni&tato?, ©ifyop, Clctgp,

£§cfpitals 1.

$d?m'nati'on.

1. Forms of Ordination and Consecration confirmed, 8 El. C 1. § 3 •

2. Who qualified to have Priests or Deacons Orders, 13 El. C 12.

§5 ...

3. Persons in Orders to subscribe the Articles, 13 El. C 12. § I

And take the Oaths, 1 IV AM, fejf. 1. C 8. § 7. 1 Geo. 1.

r. 13..

4. Penalty for procuring, giving or taking Orders for Reward, 3 1 El. C 6. § to.

5. None but Priests are capable cf any Benefice or Dignity, or of ^dminiftring the Sacrament, 13 A 14 Car. 2. C 4. § 14*

nance/

Letters Patent for making it, not within the 21 Ja. 1. 21 Ja. t ' e. 3; § 10.

©jpljntisi. £utt(afu?|l

©?lel College.

A Prebend of Rochester, how annexed to its Provoftffiip, 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 6. § 7.

^auett.

Penalty on setting a Net with a Stall boat within the Mouth of Orford Haven, 27 El. C 21.

2d?ntonu (Dttfte of)

Attainted, t Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 17.

©?pljan£>.

1. Their rationalihparte saved, M. C 9 H. 3. C t8.

2. Saving of the Custom of London and other Cities, 4 A 5 P. A M. C 8. § 7.

3. Funds appointed for the Relief of the Orphans of London, 5

TV. A M. C 10. 21 Geo. 2. C 29.

4. Duty on Wines imported to London, 3 TV. A M. C 10. § 8.

5. Duty on Coals continued, 21 Geo. 2. C 29.

6. Defendant entitled to Costs, 2t Geo. 2, C 29. § 6.

For other Matters, flee 31pp?enticcs 16. Coal 23.

. 2dufe. See Harbours, Rivers.

tiller le $£aln.

When Lands are unduly seized, the Issues shall be restored, Artie fuper'cartas, 28 Edt. C 19. St. de Eflchaetor', 29 Edi.

©utlntti^.

1. None to'be outlawed but by lawful Judgement of his Peers, or by the Law of the Land, 9 H. 3. C 29.

2. Process of Outlawry not to go against the Accefiary till the Principal be attainted, 3 Ed. 1. C 14.

3. Pardon of Outlawry Shall not be granted until the Defendant have yielded himself, 5 Ed. 3. C 1 2.

4. Averment shall be received against the Return of the Sheriff, that a Person outlawed was in Prison, 5 Ed. 3. C 13.'

5. Process of Outlawry shall be awarded against Receivers of the king's Money, Conspirators, Maintainors of Quarrels, Importers of false Money, Ac. 18 Ed. 3. ft. 1.

6. Exigend shall not be awarded in Trespass, unless it be against the Peace, 18 Edp,. ft. 2, C 5.

7. Shall be awarded in Prosecutions on the Statute of Labourers, 25 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 5.

8. In Debt, Detinue and Replevin, 25 Ed. ft. 3. C 17. Like Process in Case, 19 H. 7. C 9.

9. Outlawries in other Counties of Men reftding in the County of Chester to be certified into the County of Chester, 1 H. 4. C 18.

10. The Judges may examine outlawed Persons unable to travel, and record Attorneys to reverse their Outlawries, 7 H. 4. C 13.

11. What Additions requisite in Process of Outlawry, 1 H. 5. C 5. — On Indictments in B. R. there shall be two Writs of Capias, containing six Weeks, before the Exigend, 6 H. 6. C 1.

1 2. On Indiftments and Appeals against Persons dwelling in other Counties, there shall be an Alias capias, containing three Months before Exigend is awarded, 8 H. 6. C 10 § 2. 10 H.

6. r. 6.

13. No Entry shall be made that the Plaintiff appeared in Person unless he actually appear, tac. 10 11.6. C 4.

14. The Warrant of Attorney, shall be recorded the same Term that the Exigend issues, 18 H. 6. C 9.

15. Proclamations shall be of Exigents awarded against Persons

dwelling in foreign Counties, 4 H. 8. C 4. 6 H. 8. e. 4.

16. Outlawry in Action personal no Disability against Plaintiff in Attaint, 23 H. 8. C 3. § 5,

37, Process

fldtitiatojp. jsfepcfc F s»jsift*s

17. Process of Outlawry may be directed into Wales and Chester, 1 Eti. 6. e. to.

18. Upon Exigends out of the Courts at Westminster against per fons in Lancashire, Writs of Proclamation (hail issue, 5 £5' 6 Ed. 6. e. 26.

ig. A Writ of Proclamation shall be proclaimed in the County where the Defendant dwells, 31 El. C 3.

zo. Extended to Durham, .31 El. C 9.

21. Before Reversal of an Outlawry the Party ftiall put in Bail, 31 El. C 3. § 3.

22. Persons taken on a Capias Utlagatum may be bailed, 4^ 5 w. y m. C 18. § 4.

23. Where Persons outlawed may appear by Attorney to reverse

the same without Bail, 4 5 W. id M, C 18. § 3.

24. On Exigend for a criminal Matter, a Proclamation shall be delivered to the Sheriff three Months before the Return, 4 id 5 w. id m. C 22. § 4.

25. Outlawry not discharged by general Pardon, zo Geo. 2. C 52.

§ 61.

For other Matters, see spcccffarp I. Account, idc. 4.

ttohj sjmcntmient 5. olljatl 15. lhsniiferupt 2. better 3. 3durl; ant 6. 3ldcittttate jfromtnis 1. ilancatter 15. j^oftljuniberlant) 1. ^?ocefs 6, 10. ^cotlanb, §2l)ipg

14. Creafoit 30. idc. sstalcis.

sdtortog of tl)z poo? See Poor, Ming See Customs. Wool,

©££IU See Cattle.

1, A Franchise granted to theunverfity of Oxford, excepted out

■ of the general Confirmation, 9 H. 4. C 1. 13 H. 4, C 1.

2. Scholars outlawed for Riots to be banished the Univerfitv, 9

H. j. C 8.

For other Matters, see 'hsjtdges, ffilttitjetctiesf.

pc nntl 'cccttuucc* See Justices of Oyer and Terminer.

jsdpffecg.

1. Regulation of the Oyfler Fiftiery, in the Medway, 2 Geo. 2. C 19.

2. Foreign Oysters rated to the Subftdy at 7 d. per Bushel, 10 Geo. 2. e. 30.

For other Matter, see ©uftotlls 148. fit).

P.

Packet Vessels exporting or importing Goods, what to forfeit, 13 IS 14 Car. 2. C II § 22.

Pages of honour.

Their Pensions not taxable, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. §97.

Pafntcts an painting

1. Plaiflerers not to exercise the Trade of a Painter in London, without serving an Apprenticeship, 1 fa. 1. C 20. § 4.

2. What Wages Painters Servants or Apprentices shall take by the Day, 1 fa. I. C 20. § 6.

paiflcy.

A Duty of'excise granted to the Town, z6 Geo. 2. C 96,

palaces

1. The Steward, Treasurer and Comptroller may inquire by a Jury of the king's Servants, if any of the Servants conspire the Death of the King, or of any Counfelior, idc. 3 H. 7. C 14.

2. The Yeomen of the Crown and Grooms of the Chamber shall attend their Offices, 4 H. 7. C 7.

3. The Limits of the Palace of Wefminster, 28 H. 8. e. 12.

4. The Great Matter of the king's Houle to have the iame Authority as the Lord Steward, 32 H. 8. C 39. Repealed, 1 Mar. Jl. 3. C 4.

5. Penalty of striking in the king's Court, 33 H. 8. C 12.

6. Inquiries of Treasons, Murders, idc. within the Verge, 33 H. 8. C 12. § 1 id 3. Inquisition by Coroner of the Koulhold, ibid.

7. Entering into the king's House with intent to steal, made Felony, 33 H. C 12. § zp.

For other Matters, see ©lettt Of tlje dpaifect, ^ft'attcljifef?,

ulottm'ce 11. ^atlljalfea,

pflkcs* See Enclosures.

Palatine See Counties Palatine,

palatines

How entitled to Naturalisation, 1 Geo. ft. 2. C 29.

i&amp!j(ets* See Stamps.

0 i,

panttel See Assise, Juries.

pantijes

To what Duties liable, 4 W. id M. C 5. § 2.

For other Matters, see lipjicbs,

papec

1. Duties upon Paper, pasteboard, idc. 2. W. if M. ftjf. 2. 0. 4.

§42. 10 As. C 19. § 32. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. •. V

2. Penalty on removing painted Paper before surveyed, 1 Geo. 1. r. 36. § 17.

3. Rags may be imported free, 11 Geo. 1. C 7. § 10.

4. The Drawback on Exportation of foreign Paper taken away, 10 Geo. 2. C 27. § 4.

For other Matters, see disooks, ©uttolus. ■

. ‘ 1. '

papist

1. Disability on Papists, 3 Car. 1. C 3. § 1. 30 Car. 2, ft. 2.

§ 6. 1 W. id M. C 26. § 2. 11 id 12 TV. 3.' C 4. § 4. ft Geo. 2. C 17. § I, z, 3.

2. Penalty of sending Children abroad to be popilhly' bred, 3 Car. I. C 3.

3. Declaration against Popery to be made by Members of Parliament, 30 Car. 2. ft. 2. § z., '

4. Papists Refusing the Declaration ccnvi£t of Recufaficy, and to remove ten Miles from London, 1 W. if M. C 9.

5. Justices of Peace may seize the Arms of Papists, X W. id M. C ic. Extended to Scotland, 1 Geo. t. C 20. § 16.

6. Taking the Oaths and Declaration discharged from Penalties,

i IV id M, C 1 8. 1 W. id M. C 26. § 7.

7. Horses exceeding 5 /. Value belonging to Papists refusing the Declaration, forfeited, 1 W. idm. e. 13. § g,

8. A Reward for taking Popifti Priests, u id 12 TV. 3. C 4.

9. Penalty of perpetual lmprisonment for a Papist saying Mass, or keeping School, 11 id lz IV 3. C 4. § 3.

10. Papists incapacitated to holder purchase Lands, 11 id 12 TV.

3- C 4 §4

11: The Chancery to order Maintenance for the Protestant Child of a Papist, 11 id 12 TV. 3* C 4. § 7.

Q ' 12. Papists

.paptftg.

portion.

12. Papists required to take the Oaths, or register their Estates,

1 go. i. C 53. 3 Geo. 1. C i3. to Geo. r. e. 4.

13. Purchases from Papiils without Notice of Claim, mace good,

3 Geo. i, C is. § 4*

14. Conveyances from Papists to be enrolled, 3 Geo. i. e. 18. § 6. 13. A Tax on Papists, 9 Geo. 1. e. 18.

16. The St. 30 Car. 2. enacting the Declaration, repealed as to the king's sworn Servants, 2 Geo. 2. C 31. § 9.

17. Papists conforming indemnified from all Disabilities, 31 Geo.

2. C 17.

18. Papists and Persons refuting to take the Oaths to pay double to the land-tax, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 56, tsfe.

19. Estates doubly taxed being come to Protestants to be discharged, 4 Geo. 3. e. 2. § 113.

20. Farther Time allowed for inrolling the Deeds and Wills of Papists, 4 Geo. 3. C 38.

For other Matters, see jpbbotofou, "jerclanb, ftiltg 37. iqjtflttia 9, iftc. jfcoitconfojmtftjs, ihecufants, feonte, cot lanb, fitolbicrs 21. siuijcrftitfong •jlsoofce, ©rti* be rg tics 9, C

Parceners.

1. Parceners holding in eafdte shall all do Homage, 14 //. 3.

2. Parceners and Jointenants shall do but one Suit of Court, St. Marleb. 5 2 II 3. C 9.

3. Shall join in Assise of Mortdancejler, though in different Degrees, St. Glouc. 6 Ed. 1. C 6.

For aether Matters, see hfbboljdfoll 13, cffotlt 4. attu

tion, fijuit of Court 2. cutalce.

parcljment.

To what Duties liable, 9 Ann. C 11. § 4. to Ann. e. 26. §3.

For other Matters, see .Stamps,

Particm

1. General Pardons by Statute, St. de Fallag. non eor.ced. 34 Ed.

■ I .ft. 4. C 3. Ordin. forest. 34 Edi. ft. 5. C 5. 14 Ed. 3.

Ji. 1. f, 2 u 3. 34 Ed. o>.j}. 3, 31 Ed. y jl. 1. C 13. 36

fd. i ji. 2. * 50 Ed. 3. C 3. 3 ft. 2. C 10. 4 f?. 2. C 2.

6 R. 2. ft. 3. C 13. 6r 2. ft. 2. C 3. 21 ft. 2. C 13. 1 W.

4.0. 20. 2 ff. 4. 0.13. 3#. 4.0.13. 4 H. 5. 0. 8. 5//. 8. 0. 8. 21 f, o 1. 22 H. 8. 0. 15 y 16. z3 ff. 8. 0. 19.

26. He 8.. 0. 18. 32 H. 8. 0. 49. 35 H. 8. 0. 18. 25 Car. 2.

0. 5. 2 fs'dlf'. o. 30. 7 .ifaw. 0. 22. 3 Geo. ]. 0. 19. 7

Coo. 1. 0. 29. 20 Geo, 2. 0. 32.

2. Ability to hold Office not restored by Pardon, 20 Geo, 2. 0. 32.

§ 49-

3. Pardons of Murder, Lfo. shall not be granted, except, fs'o.

2 Ed. 3. C 2. 4 3. 0.13. to £1/, 3./, 1. 0. 2. 14 if.

3.7?. 1. 0. 13.

4. Persons pardoned, to find Surety for their good Abearing, 10 Ed. 3. ft. 1. 0. 3. Repealed, 5 IV fisf M. 0. 13.'

C Where a Pardon is granted upon a Sugjjeftion, the Sueeeftion shall be recited, 27 Ed. g.ji. 3.0. 2.

6. Pardons to be granted to certain Persons attainted in Parliament, declared void, 11 R. 2. 0. I.

7. Shall' not be allowed for Murder, Treason or Rape, unless

they be specified in the Charter, 13 ft. ft. 2. C 1. 16 R. 2.

C 6.

8. The Chamberlain or under chamberlain to endorse on a Warrant for a Pardon for Murder., Treason or Rape, the Name of the Person at whose Suit the Pardon is granted; and the Penalty of making such Suits, 1.3 R. z.ji., 2. C 1, Repealed, 16 ft 2. C 6.

9. A Penalty on those who procure Pardon for an Approver, if he becomes a Thief again, 5 II 4. C 2.

10. The general Pardon, Indemnity and. Oblivion,. 22 Car. 2.

{• L 1 a

Packs. #atlfaimnt.

31. Persons pardoned of Felony may be bound to their good Behaviour for seven Years, 3 W. & M. C 33.

3 2. Robbers, 4^; IV & M. C 8. § 7.

33. Clippers, 6 IF j IF. C 37. §.12.

14. Burglars and horse dealers discovering two or more of their Accomplices, entitled to d Pardon, tofsf 11 IV 3. e. 23. § 3, 33. The king's Pardon not pleadable to an Impeachment by the Commons, 12 W 13 IV 3. e. 2. § 3.

For other Matters, see ^mbaftuhojs 4. 2fppie»tt£cg 47. Churches 12. Cuttoms 160. jfclotiy, zffojgcrp l^ightoaps 49. bv. Jrclanb 13. flljjottcphi. £datl)s 18. fdutlateijp 23. perjury 5. piracy 8. fdoftfidffice 1*. fsduarc 3impebtt 7. irecufants 48. ircnt 16, ikobbcvy 8. £>cals 8. teamen 61. i&bipfi 82. su moity 8. 5>olbfers 22. ^totce 12. Cajtca 16.

jpitrifi). See Advowson.

Where a Township shall be deemed a Parish with respect to the Poor, 13 tef 14 Car. 2. e. t2. § 33.

pnrfcs an ponti

1. Lords shall not have the Imprisonment of Malefafilors in their Parks, c5fr. St. Mert. 20 H. 3. e. ir,

2. Malefactors in Parks and Ponds may be punished by three Years Imprisonment andranfom, e. or outlawed, st.wejim. 3. 3 Ed. 1. C 20.

3. Survey to be taken of Parks, Extenta manerii, 4 Ed. \.ji. L

§ 4-

4. Parks not to be within 200 Feet of a Highway, or to be walled, e. 33 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 5.

3. Malefadtors in Forests and Parks who will not Hand to the king's Peace, may be killed, St. de malefadl. in pare. 21 Ed. 1. ft. 2. Extended to enclosed Grounds where Deer are kept, 3 IV & M. e. 10. § 5. And to Lords and Gamekeepers in the Night, 4 3 W. iff M. C 23. § 4.

6. Penalty on pulling down the Pales of a Park, tfc. 3 IV & M. e. 3o. § 9. ■ 3 Geo. 1. C 35. § 6.

7. Recompense to be made by the Township to Owners of Parks, for destroying their Fences, Iste. 6 Geo. t. C 16.

8. Parks and Chases, how taxable, 4 Geo. 3, C 2. § 4.

Ftr other Matters, see Pt cjuob 5diuunuttl I. 3deef, £sfr. felony boitljm anb lnttljoue Clergy, Title punting, Jriftj 9, t8, bv. jfojcos, (ipaihe, ^ojfcg 2. ohoobg.

Parliament.

1. To all Parliaments, fife. Men shall come in Peace, and'without Force and Arms, St. de defenf port. arm. 7 Ed. 1.

2. A Parliament shall be held once every Year, C 4 Ed. 3.

C 34. 36 Ed. 3. C ic.

3. Great Offices taken into the king's Hands at the Beginning of a Parliament, that the Officers might be judged by the Peers, 15 Ed. 3. ft. C 4..

4. That Men of the Law and Sheriffs shall not be returned in Parliament, 46 E, i. 3...

3. Ancient Punishment for not attending the Summons ta Parliament, 3 R. 2. ft. 2. C 4.

6. Punishment of die Sheriffs not returning Writs, bfc. 5 R. 2. /. 2. r.

7. Tenements that have been contributory to the Knights Wages, shall be charged though they be purchased by Peers, C 12 R. 2. C 12. ‘

8. A Committee appointed to answer and determine Petitions to the King, 21 R. 2. C 16.

9. Repeal of the Parliament, 21 R. 2. 1 II 4. C 3. Of the

Parliament held, 9 Ed. 4. by King Henry. VL 17 Ed, 4. C 6,

10. Appeals shall not be pursued in Parliament, I H. 4. C 14.

11. For enormous Battery of a Servant of a Member, the Offender shall be proclaimed, and if he do not render himself to

the

$atifanwnt.

parliament.

the king's Bench, he shall be attaint and pay double Damages, life. 5 H. 4. C 6. For altaults on Members the like Proclamation, 11 H. 6, C lit

je. After Delivery of the Writ for Election, the Sheriff hall proclaim the Day of the Parliament in the next County, and then all present hall attend the Eleftiop, and the Knights elected hall be returned by Indenture, 7 H, 4. C ij.

1 3, The Justices of Assise hall inquire of false Returns, and the Sheriff offending hall forfeit too. It II 4. C 1. But the Defendants hall have their Traverse, 6 H. 6. C 4. 23 H. 6.

C 14.

14. Electors of Members and the elected, shall be resident in the Counties, Uc. t H. 3. C t, 8 H. 6. C 7.

15. A Parliament summoned by the king's Lieutenant, not to be dissolved by the king's Arrival, si/.j.m,

16. Electors for Counties shall have Freeholds of 40/. a Year, 8 H. 6. C 7. Within the County, 10 H. C 2.

17. The Manner of assessing and levying the Knights Wages, 23 H. 6. C 10.

18. Penalty of 40/. for the false Return of a Citizen or Burgess,

23 H, 6. C 14.

19. None but Efficient Gentlemen to be chosen for a County, 23 H. 6. C 14. § 3.

20. Repeal of the Parliament of Coventry, for undue Elections, 39 H. 6. C 1.

21. Prosecutions contrary to Privilege of Parliament, vacated, 4 H. 8. C 3.

22. No Member of Parliament shall depart without Leave of the House, 6 H. 8. C 16.

23. The County of Monmouth shall send two Knights, and the Town of Monmouth one Burgess, 27 H. 8. r. 26. § 28.

24. Members to be elected for the Counties and shire towns in

Wales, 27 ti. 8. C 26. § 29. 34 y 35 H. 8. C 26. § 110.

25. The Royal Alfent by Letters Patent hall be good, 33 H. 8. C 21.

26. Knights and Citizens to be chosen for the County and City of Chijler, 34 Lf 35 H. 8. C 13.

27. For the Election and Payment of the Members for Wales, 35

H. 8. c.iu

28. Where a Prisoner in Execution is delivered by Privilege of Parliament, the Plaintiff hall have another Execution, t Ja. 1. C 13. Not to diminish Censure of Parliament for making such Arreils, ibid. § 3,

29. For triennial Parliaments, 16 Car, 1, C 1. Repealed, 16 Car, 2. C 1.

30. The Crown restrained from adjourning the Parliament, 16 Car. 1. C J,

31. The Parliament of 1660 asserted, 12 Car. 2. C 1.

32. Orders or Ordinances of both or either Houses without the King void, 13 Car. 2. C 1.

3 3. A Parliament to be held every three Years, 16 Car. 2. C 1.

34. The County and City of Durham, to send Knights and Citizens, 2; Car, 2. C 9.

3;. Members not making the Declaration against Popery, tolofe their Seats, 30 Car. 2. ft. 2. § 8.

36. The Convention at the Revolution declared a Parliament, 1 W. Lf M. C 1. 2 W. is? M. C 1.

37. Lord Wardens of the Cinque Ports not to nominate Members, 2 W, c3 M. C 7.

38. No Member of the House of Commons to be concerned in collecting any new Duties, 5 W. & M. C 7. § 37.

39-. Members of the house of Commons may be Members, ljv. of the Bank, 5 W. 1st M. C 20. § 33. 1; Geo. 2. C 13. § 8.

40. Officers of Excise prohibited to solicit at Elections, 5 W. & M. C 20. § 48.

41. Parliaments to be triennial, 6 W. y M. C 2.

42. Candidates prohibited to treat or bribe the Eleftoi's, 7 & 8

W. 3.. C 4. 2 Geo. 2. C 24.

43. Penalty of false and double Returns, 7 y 8 IV C 7.

44. Returns to be entered by Clerk of the Crown, 7 y 8 W. 3. e. 7- § 5*

45. For continuing the Parliament in case of the Death of the

King, 7 y 8 W. 3. C 15. 4 Ann. C 3.

46. Direction for the speedy Delivery and Execution of the Writs of Election, 7 y 8 W. 3. C 25,

47. The Freeholders Oath, 7 y 8 W. 3. C 25. § 3.

48. Conveyances for splitting Freeholds, prohibited, 7 y 8 W. 3,

r. 25. § 7.. f

49. Mortgagor or Cefiui que Trufi in Possession may vote, 708 W. 3. C 23. § 7.

5c. Infants disabled to cleft or to beelefted, 7y 8 W. 3. C 23. § 8.'

51. Persons who refuse the Oaths, not to vote at Elections, 7 U

W. 3. C 27. § 19. 6 Ann. C 23. § 13.

52. The Sheriff hall return his writ within 14 Days after the Election, 10 y 11 W. 3. cy.

53. The Fees of the Clerk of the Crown on a Writ of Election, 10 y 11 w. 3. C 7.

54. No Member of the House of Commons hall be capable of any Office in the f.xcife, 11 &■ 12 W. 3. C 2. § 150.

55. Suits may be prosecuted against privileged Persons during the Intervals of the Sessions, 12 y 13 W. 3. C 3. Extended to all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland, 1 I Geo. 2. C 24.

56. Plaintiff stayed by Privilege of Parliament, Shall not be barred by Statute of Limitations, 1 2 y 13 W. 3. C 3. § 3.

57. Suits against the king's Debtor not stayed by Privilege, 12 y

13 W. 3. C 3. § 4. 11 Geo. 2. C 24. § 4.

58. Officers of the Customs disabled from being Members, izy 13. W. 3. C 10. § 89.

59. Officers of the Customs prohibited from soliciting Votes at

Elections, 12 & 13 W. 3. C 10. § 91. 9 Ann. C n. § 49,

60. Persons having Places or Pensions, disabled from being Members of the House of Commons, iz y 13 W, 3. C 2. § 3. Repealed, 4 Ann. C 8.

61. Officers may be prosecuted for Misdemeanours in public Trust.. Privilege of Parliament, 2 y 3 Ann. C 18.

62. The Parliament of Great Britain formed, 5 Ann. C 8. art. 22.

63. Particular Officers disabled, 6 Ann. cy. § 25. 1; Geo. 2,

C 22.

64. Parliament to meet upon the Death of ihe King, and to continue six Months, 4 Ann. C 8- 6 Ann. C 7. § 4.

65. Directions for the Elections of the 16 Peers for Scotland, 6 Ann. C 23.

66. Voters to take the Oath of Abjuration, 6 Ann. C 23. § 13.

67. Qualification of Members of the House of Commons, 9 Ann,

<■' 5-

68. Not to incapacitate the Heir Apparent of any Peer, or of any Person qualified to serve as Knight of the Shire, 9 Ann. e. § 2-

69, Exceptions as to the Universities, 9 Ann, C 5. § 3- 33 Geo.

2. C 20. § 3.

70, Post Officers not to solicit in Elections, 9 Ann. C 10. § 44..

71, Annual returning Officer not to be re elected the next Year,, g Ann. C 20. § 8.

72, Certain Officers not to solicit Votes, 10 Ann. C 19. § 182,,

73, Multiplying Votes for County Elections prohibited, to Ann. C 23, rz Ann, ft. 1. r, 5, Extended to Towns that are Counties, 13 Geo. 2. C 20. Repealed, 19 Geo. 2. C 28. § 2.

74, quaker's Affirmation admitted instead of Elector's Oath, io' Ann. C 23. § 8,

75, Regulations for the Elections of Members in Scotland, 12

ann.jl. I. C 6. 7 Geo. 2. C L Provision that none Shall

vote but those who are admitted by the. Freeholders, repealed.

r6 Geo.. 2. C 11,

76. Parliaments to have Continuance for seven. Years,, 1 Geo. I. r. 38,

77. Persons having Pensions for Term of Years, disabled from: being Members of the House of Commons, L Geo.. 1. C 56.

78, Oaths

78. Oaths and Penalties appointed against Bribery in Elections, 2 Gcc. z. C 24. Prosecutions for the Penalties shall be commenced within two Years, 9 Gso. z. C 38.

79. Legality of Votes to be according to the Determination of the House of Commons, 2 Geo. z. C 24. § 4.

50. Penalty of Perjury in returning Officer, Elector, cz Geo.

2. r. 24. § 3, 6.

51. Penalty on Electors taking Bribe, 2 Geo. 2. C 24. § 7.

82. County Courts not to be adjourned to a Monday, Friday or Saturday, 6 Geo. 2. C 23. Repealed, 18 Geo. 2. C 18. §11.

53. Judges in Scotland not to be Members of the House of Commons, 7 Geo. 2. C 16. § 6.

54. Troops quartered, to withdraw before an Election, 8 Geo. 2. C 30.

85. Suits may be commenced in the Intervals of Sessions, and against privileged Persons, 11 Geo. 2. C 24. § 1.

86. Suits against thcking'sdebtors not (laid, 11 Geo. 2. c.24. §4.

87. Directions for making up the Freeholders Roll in Scotland, 16 Geo. 2. C 11.

88. Directions for Elections for Boroughs in'scotland, 16 Geo. 2. C 11. § 26.

89. The Aft against Bribery extended to Elections of Delegates in Scotland, 16 Geo. 2. C II § 33.

go. Directions for issuing the Writs and Precepts in Scotland, 16 Geo. z. C 11. § 40.

91. A new freeholder's Oath appointed, I 8 Geo. z, C 18.

92. Statutes of Jeofails extended to Proceedings on this Act, 18 Geo. 2. C 18. § 15.

93. Alterations of the Regulations of Freeholders Votes in 10

Anu. C 23. bf I 2 dnn.fi. I. C 5. 18 Geo. 2. C 18. § 2.

94. When County Court is held within six Days after Receipt of the Writ, sheriff not to adjourn Court longer than sixteen Days,

18 Geo. 2. C 18. § 10.

95. Sheriff, bfr. offending to be indicted, 18 Geo. 2. C 18, § 12.

19 Geo. 2. C 28. § S.

96. The freeholder's Oath at Elections for Cities and Towns which are Counties of themfrlves, 19 Geo. z. C 28.

97. Statutes of Jeofails extended to Proceedings on this Act, 19 Geo. 2. C 28. § 11.

98. Elections for Cities and Towns that are Counties, regulated, 19 Geo. 2. C 28.

99. Contraflors for circulating Exchequer Bills, not disabled from being Members of Parliament, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 167.

joo. Copyholders not to vote for Knights of the Shire, 31 Geo.

2. C 14.

101. Statutes of Jeofails extended to Proceedings on this Act, 31 Geo. 2. C 14. § 4.

102. Members to deliver in their Qualifications on Oath, 33 Geo. 2. C 20.

103. Not to incapacitate the Heir Apparent of any Peer, or of any Person qualified to serve as Knight of the Shire, 33 Geo. 2. C 20. § 3.

104. None to vote as Freemen at Eledtions but such as have been admitted to their Freedom 12 Months before the Election, 3

Geo. 3. C 15.

105. In what Manner Persons are to vote in Right of an Annuity or Rent Charge, 3 Geo. 3. C 24.

106. Members of Parliament to be taxed at their Mansion Houses, .4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 86.

For other Matters, see ‘bi'ists 3, 4. Appeals;. caiubjttjgc r. Cinque jjojts 7, bv. ©oppljola 7. Crroj u. jutland '4, 49, bk. &ing 70. juns Cnjc, suntbcr 2. ibibcrttcg, ilcnbou 44. £sj)ilitia 21. jjiaturaltja tion 10. isdatbcj petition r. f hapfl, br. 20. poll iofe'cc 10. Jjtjccmncc, lekcufants 40. hkegtfter 6. jscotlauti, <£ialcs,

pavol

Parol protr.ifes, Agreements, Wills and Conveyances, where in effedlnal, 2gcar. 2. C 3. ■

Patfdlt. See Ecclesiastical Courts and Vicars. Partition.

1. Jointenants and Tenants in Common compellable to make Par. tition, 31 II 8. C 1.

2. The same of Jointenants, be. for Life, 32 H. 8. C 32.

3. Proceedings on the Writ of Partition regulated, 8 b 9 W. 3. C 31. Made perpetual, 3 bf 4 Ann. C 18.

For other Matters, fie Abatement, ^bbomott, lotteries,

parceners

Pnuuecnjip* See Bankrupts, Brokers, in fu ranee.

pattern. See Harbours.

Patty cshnu* See Buildings, Fire.

paftnge.

1. The Prices of paitage at Dover, life, limited, 4 Ed. 3. C 8.

2. None to pass out of the Realm without the king's Licence, 5 R. z. ft. 1. C z.

3. Restrained to Dover and Plymouth, 13 R. 2. ft, 1. C 20.

4. paftage from Kent to Calais reftiained to Dover, 4 Ed. 4. C 10.

For other Matter, see leibci'c.

Pntfe Uoatu, arn ©cnle

osoatg See Paper.

Paffute* See Admeasuretnent.

patents

1. The Form of Patents of Confirmation of Grants and Liberties, St. Form. Concejfi. 1 3 Ed. 1. ft. 6.

2. Letters Patent shall not bear Date before the Day of the Delivery of the Warrant, 18 H. 6. C 1.

3. Patents, before the king's Title found, void, 18 H. 6. C

4. The Fees of the Clerk of the Signet, 27 H. 8. C 11.

3. Confirmation of Parents, 1 Ed. 6. C 8.

6. ir.rolmenr, bros Part of Letters Patent, may be given in Evidence, 3 bf 4 Ed. 6. C 4.

7. Constat or Exemplification of Part of Letters Patent, may be pleaded and (hewed forth, 13 El. C 6.

For other Matters, see ffldbotofott 6. 13t(l; op II clctli of tljc Signet, dopants of tfjc l&titg, 4, 9. 3lcatl; et

26. Monopolies 9. parliament 25.

pattoll* See Advowson.

pntten*ritakerg.

1. Shall not make Pattens of Afp, 4 H. C 3.

2. May ufc such Afp as is not fit for Shafts, 4 Ed. 4. C 9.

patti'0 cfiurcd.

1. How rebuilt, see clffirdjcs.

2. paul's School, veiled in the Mercers Company, 22 Car. 2. C 11. § 58.

paupei*. See Forma Pauperis, Poor.

patmid;, li'gdtuio;, cicanfinn: anti2(hatc{)iiiff*

1, The Strand to be paved, 24 II S. C 11.

2. Holbourn and Southwark, 24 II 8. C 8.

4 3- H'gb

pa&fnff.

Pence.

3, High ho!bourn, Aid gate, and Wbite Chap pel, 3 2 H, 8. C 17,

4. For other Streets in London, 34 (A 35 H. 8. C 11.

3. The Mayor, Ac. of London may bring Water to their Conduits from Hampjlead, (Ac, 35 H. 8. C to.

6. Streets near Aldgate to be paved, 13 El. C 23.

7. For the paving of Ipswich, 13 El. C 24.

8. For the paving of Chichester, 18 EL C 19.

9. For paving the Minories, 23 El. C 12.

10. For paving drury-lane and St. Giles, 3 Ja. 1. C 22,

11. For paving, ' deanfing and lighting the Streets of London, (Ac. 13 (A 14 Car. z. C 2. zz Car, 2. C 12. § 5.

12. Powers given to the Lord Mayor and Common Council for

paving and deanfing the Streets and Sewers in London, *9 Car. z. C 3. 22 (A 23 Car, 2. C 17.

13. General Powers for paving and deanfing the Streets of London, • Southwark, (Ac., 2 W, A M. ft. 2. C 8.

14. For lighting the Streets of London, (Ac. 2 W. (A m.ft. 2. C 8. § 13. ()Gco. 2. C 20. Repealed, 17 Geo. 2, C 29.

13. For cleaning and paving the Streets, 8 (A gw. 3. C 37.

16. For adorning St. james's Square, 12 Geo. 1. C 25.

17. For paving, (Ac. the Streets of Westminster, 2 Geo, 2. C 11.

18. For filling up the Channel of Fleet Ditch, 6 Geo. 2. C 22„

19. For paving Oxford Street, 8 Geo. 2. C 8.

20. For regulating the Watch in St. James, Westminster, and St. G orge Hanover Square, 8 Geo. 2, C 15.

21. Adorning Lincolns inn Fields, 8 Geo. 2. C 26.

22. For regulating the Watch of St. Martins in the Fields, 9 Geo. 2. C 8.

23. For regulating the Watch of St. Paul, Covent Garden, 9 Geo. 2. C 13.

24. For regulating the Watch in St. Margaret's, and St. John's Westminster, 9 Geo. 2. C 17.

23. For regulating the Watch in St. Anns Westminster, 9 Geo, 2. C 19.

26. For adorning Red Lion Square, \ogeo.z. C 13.

27. For regulating the Watch, and deanfing the Streets and Sewers in London, 10 Geo. 2. C 22.

25. For regulating the Watch in Ely Rents, 10 Geo. 2. C 25.

29. For lighting and watching Spital Fields, 11 Geo. 2. C 33,

30. For adorning Charter House Square, 16 Geo. 2. C 6.

31. Common Council to order Lamps within the City of London, 17 Geo. 2. C 29. § 1.

32. Carts may be drawn by three Horses on the paved Streets

notwithstanding 2 W. A M. C 8. § 19. 18 Geo. 2. C 33. § 2.

33. For lighting and watching thepariih of St. John, Southwark, 23 Geo. 2. C 18.

34. For deanfing and watching St. Martins in the Fields, 23 Geo. 2. C 35.

35. For lighting and watching Bethnal Green 'Parish, 24 Gee. 2. C 26.

36. For adorning Golden Square, 24 Geo. 2. C 27.

37. For paving and watching St. Margaret's, and St. John's, Westminster, 25 Geo. 2. C 23.

38. For St. George, Hanover Square, 26 Geo. 2. C 97.

39. For St. Bartholomew the Great, London, 28 Geo, 2. C 37.

40. For St. Mary le Bone, Middlesex, 29 Geo, 2. r. 53.

41. For Sr. John, Wapping, and other Parishes, 29 Geo. 2. C 87. 4z. For repairing the Pavements belonging to Churches, Markets,

Ac. in Westminster, 31 Geo. 2. C 17.

43. For widening the Streets and Passages in London, 33 Geo. 2. C 30.

44. Inhabitants to be Witnesses, 33 Geo. 2. C 30. § 30.

45. For paving the Streets of Westminster, the Parishes of St. Giles in the f.clds, St. George the Martyr, Ac. 2 Geo. 3. C 21. Explained by 3 Gro. 3. C 23. And farther by 4 Gio. 3. C 39.

46. For lighting the Streets in the Borough of Doncaster, in Yark shire, 4 Geo. 3. C 40.

For other Matters, see carts, Cambridge 2. certlojari

5, 4? hji's&tiwuisi jkengngton, London, Scotland, i^etoieve.

Peers?.

Patontafteitf* See Brokers,

Paul's?. See Churches.

paup*«f. See Poor.

payment.

Where pleadable in Bar to an Action of Debt on a single Bill or Bond, 4 Ann. r. 16. § 12.

Peace, nnu peace=£>fftcer.

1. Breakers of the Peace to be imprisoned, and to find Sureties,

Ac. 2 Ed. 3. C 6. 34 Ed. 3. C t.

2. Other Statutes enforcing the keeping of the Peace, 1 R. 2,

C 2. i H. 4. C 1. 2 H. 4. C 1. 7 H. 4. C 1.

3. Recognizances for keeping the Peace to be certified to the Quarter selfions, 3 H. 7. C 1.

4. The Chancery and king's Bench, restrained from granting pro cess of the Peace or Behaviour without Motion and Affidavit; and to give Costs and Damages to Persons wrongfully vexed by fuchprocefs, 21 Ja. 1. C 8. §2.

5. Restrained from granting Superfedeas's, unless the Process is granted in the Manner required by the Statute, 21 Ja. 1. C 8. §3

0. To punish inefficient Sureties, zi Ja. 1. C 8. § 4, 3.

7. Actions against Peace officers made local, 21 Ja. 1. C 12.

For other Matters, see Clctfe Of tl)c peace, cochcm! f

file 4. <©oot) llbcbabicmr, Jlulliccs of peace, imots, ^urctp of tlje peace.

pearls;

May be imported or exported duty free, 6 Geo. 2. C 7.

Pearl sutjcg. See Aihes, pearl 23atlcj?.

To what Duties liable, 22 Car. 2. C 13. §3.

Peats?* See Frult‘

pense. See Corn.

peers.

1. What Relief to pay, M. C 9 H. 3. C 2. § 31.

2. Not to be amerced but by their Peers, M, C 9 LI 3. C 14,

3. Coming at the king's Command may kill Deer in a Foreil, C de F. 9 H, 3. ft. 2. C 11.

4. Are not bound to come to the sheriff's Turn, St. Marhb. 32 H. 3. C 10.

5. The Privilege of Peerage against Imprisonment, 38 Ed. 3. ft, 2.0. 1.

6. Peereffes to be tried for capital Offences in the same Manner as Peers, 20 H. 6. C 9.

For other Matters, see ullojds, dsjjilftia 15. fdatljs 23, parliament, precedence, Ctcafon 5 3. Cum 2. cclu dotoc 6.

pc$lnts?. See Hawkers.

__ pain sot et suite.

Felons of evil Fame who will not put themselves on Inquests, shall be put to Prison fort et dure, St, Weftrn. 1. 3 d. 1. C 12.

Pembroke

$ctfonnl Cftateg:

pjyficfang.

Perjury.

Pembroke College in sd^so^tt.

The Mailer entitled to a Prebend in the Church of Glottceftcr, 121 Ann. ft. 2. C 6. § 7.

ipciull itiutf. See Dispensation and Informations.

penance. See Prohibition.

Penny poss See Postoffice.

Petitions?.

t. sixpence in the Pound to be dedudled of all Salaries, 7 Geo, 1. ft. 1. C 27. § 19. 12 Geo. 1. C 2.

2. What Pensions are chargeable with the land-tax, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 3.

3. And what exempt, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 94, 95, 96, 97.

4. And where to be assessed, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 48.

5. And how be flopped for nonpayment, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 2p.

6. What Pensioners are disabled to sit in Parliament. See parliament.

And see farther, cccuoaftical ©outt0, filters

pepper. See Spices.

Pccjtity, nntj Subornation of petjttty*

t. To be punished summarily in diverse Instances by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Chief Justices, (Jc. 11 H. 7. C 25.

2. The Punishment of wilful Perjury and Subornation, by Pillory, (Jo. 5 El. C 9. 5 4, 7. Transportation added, 2 Geo, 2, C 2;. § 2. Made perpetual, 9 Geo. 2. r. 18.

3. Upon Reversal of Judgement of Perjury, the party grieved shall recover Damages, 5 El. C 9. § 5.

4. Saving of Ecclefialtical Jurisdiction, 5 El. C 9. § 11.

3. Perjury and Subornation excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo, 2. C 52. § 19, 21.

6. Prosecutions for Perjury and Subornation made more easy, 23 Geo. 2. C n.

For other Matters, see *htto?tucs 26. ileffitllintpt 3, 6, (Jo. ©offee tg. Jattncn 32, 5lonuott46. dl^atutcnance 12. gsarliameut 80, (Jo. Hkgiftct 4. j&tjips 87, (Jc. jsdope 10.

Petty See Cyder.

Petfinn c&ootjo. See Silk and India Goods.

Pctfonal Cftatej?*

s. iiow taxable, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 49.

2. Persons having Goods in a different Place from that where they reside, 30 Geo. 2. 0. 3. § 30, 49.

3. Or that have no certain Dwelling, or are out of the Realm, in what Place taxable, 30 Geo. z. C 3. § 48.

4. And what Relief for Persons doubly charged, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. ft 5°

5. Persons escaping the Taxation, by changing their Place of re fidencc, or by any other Fraud, charged treble, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. $; t.

6. Houfholders not discovering their Lodgers, what to forfeit, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 52.

7. Scotland', Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey, excepted as to Personal Estates, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 52.

peter Pence. See Rome 7.

3

petitions

t. What Petitions to the King or Parliament are tumultuous and illegal, 13 Car. ft, u C 5.

2. And what lawful, 1 W. (J M. fjf. 2. C 2.

For other Matters, see jlibetttcc.

Petition of Ei'gljt.

1. There shall be only four Writs of Search for the King, 14 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 14.

z. Petition of Right, 3 Car. i.e.i.

Petit Ctenfoit*

What to be adjudged Petit Treason, 25 Ed. 3.7?. C 0. 2.

For other Matter, see ifcccftatp, ©ictgp, ©vcafott,

Petty Chapman See Hawkers,

petty ©cnlg. See Seals,

petotereeg.

t. Their Weights and the Standard of their Metal limited, 19 H. 7. 0. 6. 4 H. 8. 0. 7.

2. Their Goods shall be searched and sold in open Places, (Jc.

23 H. 8. C 9. 33 U. 8. C 4.

3. Shall not take Strangers Apprentices, 25 H. 8. C 9. § 3. 33

H. 8. C 4.

4. No Stranger born shall work Pewter, (Jc. 25 H. 8. C 9. § 3.

5. Duties on Tin imported, 2 IV (J M. fess. 2. C 4. § 52.

6. And Pewter and Tin exported, 8 (J g W. 3. C 34. § 1.

7. Saving of the Charters granted 10 the Tinners of Devon and Cornwall, 5 IV (J hi. C 6. § 4.

For other Matters, see ulfktal and Slut.

pijyficians anti Surgeons?.

1. None to practice Physic or Surgery in Lo 'Aon, unless admitted bv the Bishop, or by the Dean of St. Paul's, 3 H. 8. C m.

2. Surgeons discharged of Parish Offices and Juries, (Jc. in London, 5 H. 8. C 6.

3. The College of Physicians in London incorporated, 14 (J 15 H.

r. 5.

4. May practice Surgery, 3 z //. 8. C 40. § 3.

3. Discharged from Parish and Ward Offices, 32 H. 8. C 40.. 1

6. Shall have the Survey of apothecary's Wares, 32 H. 8. C 40,

§ 2. 1 m.ft. 2. C 9. § 5.

■7. The Surgeons incorporated with the Barbers, 32 H. S. C 42.

8. Surgeons shall have their Names over their Doors, 32 H. 8. r. 42. § 3-

9. Privileges granted to Surgeons, 32 H. 8. C 42.

10. Liberty given to any Persons to administer Medicines in Tome Cases, 34 (J 35 H. 8. C 8.

11. Power given to the College to commit Offenders, (Jo. 1 M. ft. 2.c.9.

12. For the searching of Medicines, to Geo. 1. C 20.

13. Reward to Joanna Stephens for discovering her Medicine for dlffolving the Stone, 12 Geo. 2. C 23.

14. The Surgeons Company in London separated from the Barbers, 18 Geo. 2. C 15.

15. Surgeons of the Army to be examined by Examiners appointed by the Surgeons Company, 18 Gro. 2. C 15. § 9.

For other Matters, fe ^potljccilricg,

pffiure£.

1. A Duty on the Importation of them, 6 (J 7 W. 3. C 7. § 2.

3 (J 4 Ann. C 4. § 5. Made perpciual, 7 Ann. C 7.

2. The Duty regulated by Measure, 8 Gee, 1. C 20. S 49. 11

Geo. 1. C 7. ^ 1 z.

pilgrims.

ptate^

pipfrns.

Shall pass only at Dover, 9 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 8.

plcljai'tl#. See Fiflt and Herrings.

P'uo$*

Mull be of convenient Strength in every Town, Judic. filler. 51 h.^.ft.6. Ordin. fro f'ftor. incerti temp. C 3. Vol I.l86.,, For other Matters, see sttitmc popular 6. isaillmtpts 5, 13c. 15?affers 4. hbjicfs 1. v£ljeatc 1. Confunu tton, ©ccr, yr. 10. ^fo?ettallcr9 o. ifojgerp 3- dfwcl

2. 31nnfij (Sc. 3. tlinncit 12, vc. iscrjurp 3. fjjiuu legeo plates 2. 20. /soltitcrs zo. ssjibualc

14. ailajc 4. idtetg^ts 12.

plotg.

s'. Regulations of the Pilots at Dover and Deal, 3 Geo. 1. C 13. Continued by 4 Geo. 3. C 12.

2. Lord warden, and Commissioners of Loadmanage, may make Regulations for the Government of the Dover Pilots, 7 Geo. 1. C 21. § 14. Continued, 4 Geo. 3. C 12.

3. For Government of the Pilots of the Trinity Hoitfe at Deptford,

5 Get. 2. C 20. _ '

Pine d‘ccs.

In the Plantations how preferred, 9 Ann. C 17,

For other Matters, see s>tojcc,

png*

1. Diredlions for the good making of them, 34is 35 H. 8. C 6. Repealed, 37 H. r. 13.

2. Permitted to be imported, 2j El. C 11.

pufauocg. See Linen.

Pipe in Herefordshire.

Its Meadow and Pasture how provided for, 4 Ja. 1. C 11.

plpofoner. See Fair..

pirates.

1. For the Trial of Pirates, 27 H. 8. C 4. 28 H. 8. C 15. 11

(S 12 W. 3. C 7.

2. Robberies committed by the king's Subjects under commissions from foreign Princes, declared Piracy, n (S 12 F, 3.

, <• 7- § 8-

3. Mutiny of Mariners declared Piracy, 11 (S 12 TK 3, C 7. § g,

4.. Encouragement to Commanders and Mariners to defend Ships

against Pirates, 11 ff 12 W. 3. C 7. § 11.

3. For the Trial of Pirates in the Plantations, 11 (S 12^.3. r. 7. § 14, 15. _

6. Forcibly throwing Goods overboard, made Piracy, 8 Geo. 1.

'c• 2i‘

7. Persons committing Hostilities, or aiding Enemies, at Sea, may be tried as Pirates, 18 Geo. 2. C 30.

8. Piracies and Robberies on the Seas excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. § 1 a.

For other Matters, see 2htttlura!, 'jrclotucs ixiltljout Clcf

gp, /rpcrclmtts 6. giafe coufcubj js>camcn 31, 32,

33. 5)l)tps 96, (Sc.

l^ttco anti Cat.

Not to bs imported but in English Shipping, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 8.

Vol. IX Tab.,

pnguc. Plantations.

2. Nor from the Netherlands or Germany, 13 if 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 23*

3. To what Duties liable, 4 W. IS M. C 5. § 2.

4 Penalty on burning and destroying Pitch or Tar Trees in the

Plantations, 3 IS 4 Ann. C 10. § 6, 7.

5. Importation of it from the Plantations, and Scotland, into

England, encouraged, 3 (S 4 Ann. C 10. 12 Ann. ft, 1. C 9.

3 Geo. 1. C 11. § 16, 17, 18. 8 Geo. I. C 12. § 4. 2 Geo. 2.

C 35- § 3-'

6. Plantation Pitch and Tar to be clean, 5 Geo. 1. C 11. § 16.

24 Geo. z. C 52. § 2. 23 Geo. 2. C 3;. § 3.

For other Matters, see ^qlnutiulohc and /jitoscs,

ptfein (c&omag.)

His Creditors how relieved, 3 Ann. C 23.'

ptfcen ckheem.

A Duty of two Penies Scots upon Ale there, 6 Geo. 1. C 9.

pathsfligg ant! irinpumg. See Scotland Arms, and Woollen Manufactures.

Plague.

1. For the Ordering and Relief of Persons infected with the Plague, I Ja. C 31.

2. Infected Persons going abroad deemed Felons, 1 Jar. 1. C 31.

§ 7. — Regulations for Ships to perform Quarentine, 9 Ann. C 2. 7 Geo. 1. C 3. 8 Geo. C 8. (S C 10. 1 Geo. 2. C 13. 6 Gro.

2. r. 34. ' '

3. Penalty on Mailer breaking Quarentine, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. § 14. 27 Geo, '2. C 18. § 4.'

4. Diredlions for performing Quarentine and eredling Lazarettos,

26 Geo. 2. C 6. 29 Geo. 2, C 8.

5. Persons disobeying Diredlions guilty of Felony, 26 Geo. 2. C 6. § 2, 3, 8, 10, 17, 18.

6. Orders for Quarentine to be read in Churches, 26 Gee. 2. C 6. § 20.

7. Goods liable to retain Infedlion, coming from the Levant without a clean Bill of Health, not to be landed unless aired in a foreign Lazeret, 26 Geo. 2. C 18. § 12.

paiffmtg.

Not toexercife the Art of a Fainter in London, t Ja. 1. C 20.

pantations*

1. Sugar, Tobacco, Cotton wool, Indico, Ginger, and dying Wood of the Growth of the Plantations, hall be exported thence to England only, 12 Car. 2. C 18. §18, Rice and me lasses, 3 (S 4 Ann. C 5, § 1 2.

2. No European Goods shall be imported into any Plantation but in Engliftj built Shipping, whereof the Mailer and three fourths of the Mariners are English, 15 Car, 2. C 7, Salt for the Fisheries excepted, ibid. % 7.

3. Goods imported by Land or Sea, to be notified to the Governor, 15 Car. 2. C 7. § 8..

4. Penalty on Officers of the Customs feffering Plantation Goods to pass, not being firll unladen, 15 Cr r. 2. C 7. § 9.

5. The Duty on Sea Coals sent to the Plantations, 13 Car. 2. C

7- § 10..

6. Plantation Goods not to be carried thence to Inland, 22 (S 23 Car. 2. C 26.

7. Penalties on unloading Plantation Goods elsewhere than in England, 22 (S 23 Car. 2. C 26. § 12. 7 (S S W. 3. C 22. § 8

IS 14.

8. Duties on Whale Oil, Blubber, (Sc. taken by Ships of the

Plantations, 25 Car. 2. C 7. 1 Geo. ic. 12. §4.

R ' • 9. Duties

plantation.

Plantation

plate.

t

g. Duties payable in the Plantations for Goods shipped there, 25 Car. z. C 7. § 2. Explained by 4 Geo. 3. C 15.

10. Plantation Goods not to be carried in foreign Ships, 7^ 8 IV 3. C 22.

11. Governors of the Plantations, (Ac. to take an Oath, (Ac. to

observe the Regulations of Trade, 7 (A 8 IV 3. C 22. § 4. 8

(A 9 W. 3. C 20. § 69.

12. Officers of Customs there to have the same Power as Officers of Customs in England. 7 £5' 8 IV 3. C 22. § 6.

13. Bylaws, or Customs, contrary to Law, void, 7 (A 8 W. 3. C 22. § g.

14. Places of Trull there, in the Law or Treasury, to be in the Hands of natural born Subjects, 7 (A 8 W. 3. C 22. § 12.

1 j, King to approve the Governors, 7 13 8 W. 3. C 22. § 16.

16. Lands there not to be sold to Aliens without his majesty's Consent, 7 iff 8 IJ''. 3. r. 22. § 16.

17. Ships 10 be registered, (Ac. 7 & 8 IV 3. C 22. § 17.

18. Governors of Plantations may be tried in England for Offences committed in their Government, 11 (A 12 W. 3. C 12.

19. bijh Linen may be exported to the Plantations, 3 ^ 4 Ann.

C 8.

20. bounties on importing Stores from the Plantations, 3 & 4

anne. 10. 2 Geo. 2. C 34. § 3.

21. Penalty on destroying Pine Trees, 3 bf 4 Ann. C 10. § 6.

9 Ann. C 17. 8 Geo. 1. C 12. § 5. 2 Geo. 2. C 35.

22. Value of foreign Coins there, settled, 6 Ann. C 30,

23. All Subjects to have free Trade to America, 6 Ann. C 37.

§ 15 (A 22.

24. Plantation Bonds to be delivered up if not put in Suit in three Years, 8 Ann, C 13. § 23.

25. Duties on Prize Goods in America, 9 Ann. C 27.

26. Infants consenting may be bound to Service, 4 Geo. 1. C 11.

§ 5-

27. Furs of the Plantations to be brought to Great Britain, 8 Geo. 1. C 15. § 24.

28. Salt may be carried from any Part of Europe to Penjylvania, 13 Geo. 1. C 5. To New Tori, 3 Geo. 2. C 12.

29. Lignum mites may be imported from the Plantations free, I Geo. 2. C 17. § 5.

30. Undivided Shares of Carolina surrendered to his Majesty, z Gee, 2. C 34.

31. Regulations for the preservation of Woods in America, 2 Geo. 2.9.35.

32. Liberty to carry Rice from Carolina to the South of Cape fi nijlerre, 3 Geo. 2. C 28,

33. Before shipped, Exporter to make an Entry with the col lector of the Customs, (Ac. 3 Geo. 2. C 28. § 4.

34. Half Subsidy to be paid, 3 Geo. 2. C 28. § 5.

35. Extended to Georgia, 8 Geo. 2. C 19. 27 Geo. 2. C 18. § 3.

36. Goods not enumerated may be imparted into Ireland from the Plantations, /[.geo.2. C 15.

37. Debts owing in the Plantations may be proved before a ma giilrate \aengland, 5 Geo. 2. r. 7.

38. Lands in the Plantations made liable to Debts, 5 Geo. 2. C 7.

§4.

39. Hats not to be exported from one Plantation to another, 5

Geo. 2. C 2 2.

40. Hatters in America not to have more than two Apprentices, 5 Geo. 2. C 22. § 7.

41. The Duty on Coffee of the Plantations reduced, 5 Geo. 2. C 24.

42. A Duty on foreign Rum and Melafles imported to the Plantation?, 6 Geo, 2. C 13. 29 Geo. 2. C 26.

43. No. Sugar to be imported into Ireland, unless of the Growth of the Plantations, or shipped in Great Britain, 6 Geo. 2. C 13. Continued to 30th September 1764, and from 29 September 1764 made perpetual subject to Alterations in 4 Geo. 3. C 15.

44. Drawback on Sugar re exported, 6 Geo. 2. e, 13.59. 9 (A jo IV 3. C 23. $ 8.

4

43. Allowance on Exporlation of Sugar refined in Great Britain, 6 Geo. 2. C 13. § 10.

46. Liberty given to carry Sugar from the Plantations to foreign Markets, 12 Geo. 2. C 30. Continued, 4 Geo. 3. C 12. Extended to all British Ships, ' 15 Geo. 2. C 33. § 5.

47. Oath that the Ship belongs to British Subjects, 12 Geo. 2,

r. 30. §3. _ •

48. Officers of Customs to examine suspected Ships, iz Geo. 2. C 30. § 6.

49. Ships taking in other Goods subject to Entries, (Ac. 12 Geo. 2. C 30. § 10.

50. Charters to be granted in Time of War to Adventurers to conquer Lands in America, 13 Geo. 2. C 4. § 13.

51. Foreigners residing seven Years in the Plantations and taking the Oaths, to be deemed natural Subjects, 13 Geo. z. C 7.

52. Unlawful Stocks and Undertakings in the Plantations, prohibited, 14 Geo. 2. C 37.

53. Mailers of Ships to make Oath of the Truth of their regi (ler, 15 Geo. 2. r. 31.

54. Relief provided where the Register is lost, lj Geo. 2. C 31. § 2.

55. The Conditions of Plantation Bonds shall specify the producing a Certificate of landing the Goods within 18 Months, 15 Geo. 2. C 31. § 4.

56. Seamen in the Plantations not to be imprefted, it) Geo. 2. C 30.

57. A Premium on Plantation Indico, 21 Geo. 2, C 30. 28

Geo. 2. C 25. Continued and amended, 3 Geo. 3. C 25.

58. Raw Silk may be imported from the Plantations free, 23 Geo.

2. C 20.

59. Bar Iron may be imported from the Plantations to London, and Pig Iron to any Port, free, 23 Geo. 2. C 29. And Bar Iron to any Port, 30 Geo. 2. C 16.

60. Slitting Mills, Steel Furnaces, (Ac. not to be erected in the Plantations, 23 Geo. 2. C 29. §9.

61. Pot Allies of the Plantations may be imported free, 2 .[Geo. z. C 51.

62. Restraint of Paper Credit in the Plantations, 24 Geo. 2. C 53.

63. The Ad concerning Attestation of Wills extended to the British Colonies, 2; Geo. 2. C 6. § 10.

64. Foreign Protellants enabled to serve as Officers and Soldiers in America, 29 Geo. 2. C 5. § I.

65. For recruiting the Army in America, 29 Geo. 2, C 35.

66. Indented Servants may be enlilled, 29 Geo. 2. C 35. § 1.

67. Troops railed in America, when joined with British Forces, subject to the Rules and Articles of War, 30 Geo. 2. C 6. § 73.

68. No Viduals to be exported from the Plantations during the War with France, except to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the Plantations, 30 Geo. 2. C 9.

69. Rice may be exported to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, 30 Geo. 2. C 9. § II

70. Certain Rates and Duties on foreign Goods imported into any of the Plantations in America, 4 Geo. 3. C 15.

71. Paper Bills of Credit in the Plantations declared void, 4 Geo.

3. C 34.

72. For the Trial of Pirates in the Plantations, see f^ttatcs 7.

For other Matters, see huietts 13. ipppjettttccs 41. cubjaits

te 39, (Ac. Sobers 9. Coale 30. Cocfjitieal 3. Coffee 17. Copper 6. Cuttottie, 3d?uge 5. jflajc n, 16. <©iecnlam), habeas Cojpue 7, 9- Jjats 14. i^ope 11. 31ntiia d5oooe 18. Infant 10. jjfott 13. 3litttten22. 3j3atttvalt?atton 14. Jftoncottfojtm'lle 27- fm?ee 25, 26. jrfce, alt 50, 51. teamen 54. il>l)(pe 95, (Ac. is>u& 32. ibtojco 7, (Ac. s>uqnr, Tobacco, llngvnnte 23. j&bale, (Ac. Citcol 48.

Plate.

A Tax laid on Persons possessed of Silver Plate, 29 Geo, 2. C 14. For other Matters, see ©oltt,

tslape

pfeawitff.#

piays m mm

plays anti Sanies

1. Certain importune Games prohibited to Servants and Labourers, la R. 2. C 6. 11 H. 4. C 4; n H. 7. C 2. 19 H. 7.

C 12.

2. Unlawful Games generally prohibited, 17 Ed. 4. C 3. 3 H.

8. C 3. 27 H. 8. C 25. 33 H. 8. C 9.

3. Licences for keeping unlawful Games shall be void, 2 (A 3 P. (A iu. r. 9.

4. Common Players, unless authorised, to be deemed Rogues, 39 El. C 4.

3. Penalty on profanely using the Name of God, (Ac. in a Play, 3 fa. 1. C 21.

6. No Plays to be on the lord's Day, 1 Car. ir. 1.

7: Penalties on deceitful Gaming, 16 Car. 2. C 7, 9 Ann. C 14.

8. They that lolb above 1001, not bound to make it good, 16 Car. 2. C 7. § 3.

9. Securities for Money won at Play, void, 9 Ann. C 14.

10. Persons obliged to answer Bill on Oath for Discovery of Money won at Play, 9 Ann. C 14. § 3.

11. juhices may take Recognisance of Persons using unlawful Games, on the Evidence of witneltes, 2 Geo. 2. C 28. § 9.

12. New Plays not to be afled without Licence, 16geo. 2. C 28.

13. Plays not to be afled but in Weftmirfttr, (Ac. 10 Geo. 2. C 28. § 4.

14. New Games with Cards and Dice prohibited, 12 Geo, 2. C 28. § 2.

15. Paflageand othergames prohibited, 13 Geo. 2. C 19. § 9.

16. Rolypoly and other Games prohibited, 18 Geo. 2. C 34.

17. Enforcement of the Penalties against Gaming, 18 Gee. 2. C 34.

18. Relief in Equity for Money won contrary to 9 Ann. C 14. 18 Geo. 2. C 34. § 3.

19. Who may be witneltes, 18 Geo. 2. C 34. § 4.

20. Persons prosecuted not allowed Privilege of Parliament, 18 Geo. 2. C 34. § 7.

21. Houles and Gardens of Entertainment, not to be kept without Licence, 25 Geo. 2. C 36. § 2.

22. Penalty on Publicans permitting Journeymen to game in their Honfes, 30 Geo. 2. C 24. § r4.

For other Matters, see hufiotlg fhofullat, '25anlmipt 29. Certiojart 41. li^ojfcs 15, 16, (Ac. suagtants, mini betfitfes 19.

pleatifnffsu

1. Deceit in Pleading punished, St. Wijlm. 1. 3 Ed. r. C 2g.

2. Shall be in engujh and enrolled in Latin, 36 Ed. 3.7?. 1. C 15.

3. Defendants permitted to plead several Matters, 4 Ann. C 16. §4.

4. Dilatory Pleas not to be received without Affidavit, (Ac. Anne. 16. § 11.

3. In Actions cn Judgments, Bonds, (Ac. Payment maybe pleaded, 4 Ann. C 16.^12.

6. Officers of the Navy and Army may plead the General iltue, (Ac. IO Ann. C 10. § 61.

7. All Pleadings to be entered in engujh, 4 Geo. 2. C 26. Extended 10 Wales, (Ac. 6 Geo. Ac. 14. § 3.

8. Abbreviations and Technical Terms maybe used, 6 Geo. 2, C 14. § 5.

For other Matters, see Abatement, Hfmenbment, 3lffi'fc 9, (Ac. Attaint 12. •fficau^plcabcr, jdcbt, (Ac. 8. 5dcbt to the liting 9, (Ac. ccclcgaftical Courts, (Ac. 32. jfcc rffavitt jrcttts 7. (General 31(tuc, jeofails, ntcitt, 3htfojtuatiou, ^aubamus, patents 7. csiales.

Pleas of tlje Croton.

Shall not be held by Sheriffs, Efcheators, Coroners, (Ac. MC.

9 H. 3. C 17.

Poo?.

pieties

1. Pledges in Statute Merchant shall be answerable, if the Principal be sufficient, St. demercator. 11 Edi.

2. Poor Plaintiffs not to find Pledges, St. Wall, tz Edt. in Appendix; but to give Caution perfidem, ibid.

3. Pledges may be bound as principal Debtors, St. de Mercator. 13 Ed. 1. ft. 3.

4. Fines to be taken in the Presence of Pledges, 38 Ed. 3./. I.

Cn

For Other Matters, see jdefat to the fctllg 1. j&ecogitfjatwc, Ifteplebitt.

pifnatty. See Advowson.

$ioti0l>!ano.

What to be deemed so, 7 (A 8 W. 3. C 29. § 5.

Piunket Mjn)

Pains and Penalties how inflifled upon him, 9 Geo. 1. e. 15.

Pluralities.

I; Of Ecdefiaftica] Livings prohibited, 21 H. 8. C 13.

2. The Universities not to present beneficed Clerks to a recu fant's Living, 1 W. (A M. C 26. § 5.

For other Matters, see %\(ho{j0, Chaplains, cccuolgtca? Courts, tifn. irefibencc.

piyntoutfj.

Power given to bring the River Water to the Town, 27 El. C 20. For other Matters, see ^fojtlscations 3, (Ac. i^atfcoutg.

point o? cumkftoift.

1. Foreign Point, or Cut work, not to be sold in England, or

exported or imported, 1 3 14 Car. 2. C 13,

2. engujh Point, or cut yvork, may be exported Dutyfree, u (A 12 W. 3. C 3. § 15.

pqlfoit. See Poison.

$o!es

Cutting orfpoiling them how punished, 43 El. C 7.

policies of anfutnnee See Insurance. Polipniy See Bigamy, pontis See Fifhj Game, Parks, Treipafs. $00lC.

Mayor, (Ac. of the Town of Pool, may erefl Windmills on the king's Walle, 34 (A 35 H. S. C 25.

^ Pools

Cutting their Dams, what to forfeit, 37 //. 8. C f, § 4.

Pool.

Shall not find Pledges, St. Wall. 12 Edi. in Appendix.

2. Shall have an Attaint without Fine, 33 Ed. 3.-1-. 7.

3. None shall give Alms to a Beggar able to work, 23 fd. 3.

C 7.,

4. Poor Ferfons that are impotent, shall abide in the lame Town, or in the next within the Hundred that is able to maintain them,

12 R. 2. C 7.

R 2

4. sin

Poo?.

Pope:

5. Impropriators fnall bo obliged to diiltibulc a yearly Sum to the

poor Parilhioncrs, 1 3 R. 2. C 6, 4 H. 4. C iz. -

6. Poor Persons shall have Writs gratis, and Counfc! and attorneys, it H. 7. r. iz. Defendants sued by Capas relating to the Customs, may be admitted as Poor, 2 Geo. z C 28. § 8.

7. Provision to be made for the impotent Poor, 19//.7. r. 12.

22 AA 8. C 12. z7 W. 8. C 25. 1 AV. 6. C 3. 3 cf 4- Ed.

6, 16. 5 y 6 .Efl'. 6. C 2. 2 fci 3 i1, hf AR. 5. 3 LI

C 3. lie El. C 4. 18 £/. r. 3. 34 £7. r. 7. § zj. 39 £7.

£ 3-

8. The Punishment of a Pauper that is nonsuit, Cfe. 23 //. 3. C

«5-§3 r

9. The Establishment of Overseers, and Provision to be made for

the Poor, 43 El. C 2.

10. Poor Children may be bound Apprentices, 43 El. C 2. § 3. 17 Geo. 2. C 3. § 2/.

11. Overseers, £jv. may place poor Inmates, 43 £/. r, 2. § 5.

12. For the Employment of Money given to put out poor Children Apprentices, 7 Jet, 1. C 3.

13. punifhmer.t of those that leave their Children to the Paiifh,

7 Ja '• 4- § s.

14. Churchwardens empowered to use a Trade for the Employment of the Poor, 3 Car. 1. C 5. § 22.

15. Poor Persons coming to settle in a Tenement under 10 A a Year, may be removed by tivo Justices to where they were last settled for 40 Days, 13 £5" 14 Car. 1. C 12.

16. Poor perfods may go from their Settlements to work, with Certificates, 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 12. § 3.

17. Workhouses for the Poor may be erected in London and westminster, 13 & 14 Car. 2, C iz. § 4.' z2 iff 23 Car. z. C 18.

18. For choosing diftin£t Overseers in.fever^l Towns in the same Parish, 13 sf 14 Car. 2, C 12. § 21.

19. Officers of Corporations to givein quarterly Accounts, 22 &

23 Car. 2. C 1 8.

20. The 40 Days Continuance to gain a Settlement, shall be accounted from the Delivery of Notice to the Churchwardens, s. 1 Ja. 2. C 17. § 3. From the Publication of the Notice in the Church, 1 3 IV £2? M. C 11.

21. Soldiers and the king's Mariners, C n.ot.to gain a Settlement by Notice, 3 W. d M. C 11. § 4.

22. Penalty on Churchwardens, dc. neglehting to read such Notice, 3 IV d M. C i r. § 5.

23. Serving Office for a Year, or paying public Taxes, to gain a Settlement, 3 IT. £51 M. C 11. §6.

24. Hiring and. Service of an unmarried Person for one Year to gain a Settlement, 3 IV d M. C 11. § 7.

z5. Serving Apprenticeship. by Indenture, gains a Settlement, 3 IV d M. C 11. § 8. ' -•

26. Appeal given to Quarter sessions from Determinations relating to the Poor, 3 IT. d M. C 11.59.

27. Penalty on Churchwardens, ssv. not receiving a Pauper lent to them, 3 IV d M. C 11. § 10.

28. Churchwardens to keep a Book, dc. of the Poor, 3 IV d

M. C 11. § 11.

39. Parishioners may be Witnesses against Churchwardens, 2. IV

d m. C 11. § 12,.,,

30. Parish granting a Certificate to a poor Person, shall receive him again, 8 f 9 IT. 3. C 30.

1. Parish Poor to wear Badges, 8 if 9 IV 3. C 30. § 2.

. 37. Cods given on Appeals relating to Settlements, 8 d 9 W. 3.

r. 30. §3.

33. Settlement not to be gained by Hiring, without a year's Service, 8 £?" 9 IV 3. C 30. § 4.'

34. Mailers compelled to receive poor Apprentices, 8 if 9 IT. 3, C 30. § 3.

35. Appeals from Orders of Removal to be to the Sessions of the County, C 8 & 9 IV 3. C 30. § 6.

36. Certificate man not to gain a Settlement, but by taking a Lease of to, or executing an annual Office, 9 sf 10 W. 3.

(. II

37. For erecting a woriffioufcki Jf'o'jtjicr, 2 d 3 Ann. C 8.

38. Apprentices and Servants'of Certificate Men not to, 11 a

Settlement,. iz Ann. Jl. 1. C if. §, z..

39. Goods of Husbands and. Parents, who leave their Wives and Children, may be feisted by Warrant of the Justices, 5 Geo. 1, C 8, '

40. ' Justices not to order Relief but upon Oath of the Cause, 0 G 0. 1. C 7.

41. Churchwardens, dc. may purchase Workhouses - Geo. 1. r. 7. § 4.

4z. Settlement not'to be gained by a Purchase under 30 I. 9 Geo. i r. 7. j.

43. Paying. Scavengers Rate, or Repairs of Highways, not to gain a Settlement, 9 Geo. 1. C 7. § 6.

44. Notice to be given of Appeals against Removal., 9 Geo. 1.

'r. 7. § 8, ■ •. ' - - '

45. Witnesses to Certificates, to matte Oath .of the Signing, 3

Geo. 2. 0. 29. § 8. • • ■.

46. Overseers conveying certificate Persons, to be reimbursed, 3 Geo. 2. C zq. § 9.

47. For. enabling St. Botolph,. Aldgatc, to pay Debts contracted for Relief of tie Poor, i Geo. 2. C q.

48. Poors Rates shall be published the next Sunday in the Church,

17 Geo. 2. C 3. ■,

49. Churchwardens and Overseers shall pass their Accounts and pay their Balance .within : Days after new ones are appointed, 17 Geo. 2. C 38.

50. If an Overfecr die, or remove, or become insolvent, the Justices shall appoint a new one, 17 Geo. 2. C 38. § 3.

3 r.. Where Justices quash a. Rate upon Appeal, the Churchwardens, dc, shall make a new one, 17 Geo. 2. c38. § 6.

52. Poors Rates may be levied by Distress out of the Parish, 17 Geo. 2. C 38. § 7. '

53. Overseers not to be deemed Trefpafiers oh account of any De.

. in Form, 17 Geo. 2. C 38. § 8.

54. Overseers may tender Amends for any Irregularity in a Distress, 17 Geo. 2. C 38. § 10, ■

55. Overseers shall reimbutfe. their Predecessors, 17 Geo. 2.. C 38.

; § itt -

56. Parifhioiiers removing, shall pay a proportionable Rate, 17

Geo. 2. C 38. §12. -

37. Penalty on Churchwardens, dc. disobeying Direilions, 17 Geo. 2. C 38. § 14.

58. For relieving the Poor of Launcejion, and of the Parish of St. Mary Magdalen in Cornwall," z8 Geo. 2. C 3s.

39. For Relief of the Poor in'the Hundreds of Cohiies and cart ford in Suffolk, zq Geo. z. C 79.

60. For regulating the Poor in the Parish of St. Luke, Middlesex, 30 Geo. 2. C 4z.

61. Apprentices not removable on account of the Contrail's not being indented, 31 Geo. 2. C II

For other Matters, see filppieutlccc, 3f{)p?0pj{att'0tt, dc.

1. Attaint 7. hjaftarb, i!5?ftigcs 39. Couinp usatcs, tffojnta f fauperts per Tot. (Baols, dc. 13. l&ofpitals, Sjotifcs 8. Strafes of coftesion, Kabouvcro, gteamen 19. jdoltncts.io. 3uagrauts.

Pope.

Urban acknowledged as duly elected, z R. Jl. 1. C 7.

For other Mutters, see ibccufattts, isoitte.

Popular otong* See Information. pojcclnnc* See China and India Goods,

See Bacon.

I

poss gdflfiiee.

pgfot!£s*.

poiton.

3po|teoujs»eo!i.

Exhibiting Informations by Porteous roll in Scotland, abolished,

8 Ann. C 16.

. pojt0 See Cinque Ports.

po?tfmout&

For supplying the Town with Water, 14 Geo. 2. C 43.

For other Matters, see ^fojtt'bcnttouc 2, 3, kc.

po?tttgaf*

1. Goods of Portugal, the Azores, Madera, or canaryajlands, may be brought in Ships having three Fourths of the Mariners er.glijh, 12 Car. 2. C is. § 14.

2. shipwreck'd Mariners, and dillrefied Persons, (being Subjetts of England) how relieved in Portugal, 8 Geo. I, C 17.

posse Cotnftfttu&

In what Cases to be raised, 1 (A 9 IV 3. C 27. § 15,

• poss 'fineg.

Pod fines forfeited, to be edreated into the Exchequer twice every Year, 22 tA'23 Car. 2. C 22. § 3.

ipgft#0?fc£. See Postoffice.

jpoftljumctis c&ht^eir.

How enabled to take a contingent Remainder which hath no Trust estate to preserve it, 10 (A 11 IF. 3. C 16.

poff=£dfe'ce*

1. A General Post oiiice erefled, 12 Car. 2. C 3;. 9 Ann.

C 10. Made perpetual and Part of General Fund, 3 Geo, 1. C 7..

2. Pacquet Boats not to carry Merchandise, without Leave from the Lommissioners of the Cutloms, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 22.

3. The king's Estate tail and Reversion in See in the Pod office Revenue consolidated, 1 fa, 2. C 12.

4. Carriers prohibited to carry Letters, 9 Ann. C to. § 3.

5. How Horses are to be provided, 9 Ann. C to. § 5, 20, 21, 27, 28.

6. Penalty of not sending Ships Letters to General Pod office,

9 Ann. C to. § 15.

7. Penalty of carrying the Mail in any Ship which is not free, 9 Ann. r. 10. § 24.

8. Small Debts for Podage recoverable as small Tithes, 9 Ann. C 10. §-30,

9. Saving of the Privileges of the Univerfitics, 9 Ann. C 10. § 32-

10. Officers not to influence Eleflions, 9 Ann. C to. § 44.

11. Bills of Exchange, (Ac. to pay diltintt Poflage, 6 Geo. 1. C

21- § ' ■.

12. A Penny allowed for the Delivery of Penny pod Letters in the Country, 4 Geo. 2. C 33.

13. Pod Chaises may be furnilffied by any Person, 22 Geo. 2. C 25.

14. Writs to pay Podage as Letters, 26 Geo. 2. C 13. §7.

15. Patterns indofed to pay as a double Letter, 26 Geo. 2. C 13. S.

16. Offences againd the Acts concerning the Pod office excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. z.c. 52. § 28.

17. Salaries and pensions.payable at the Pod office, to be assessed to the land-tax by the Commissioners Tor London, 3c Geo. 2.

3> §5 3•

: ' - •. 3

18. New Regulations for preventing Frauds and Abuses in sending, and receiving Letters free frompollage, 4 Gen. 3. C 24.

For other Matters, see islcttljctm l?gufc, &1RC£

See Highways and Enclosures, pqf -- 3(tje£

1. In what7ships to be imported, 12 Car. z, C 18; § 8,

2. Not to be imported from the Netherlands ct Germany, iy.(a 14 Car. 2. C I I. § 23.

For other Matters, Jee plnturtttortc.

See Treble Damages; pctugcr*

1. To what Duties liable, 3 Geo. 1. C 4. §'-14.

2. Penalty on Persons mixing it with Starch or Alabader, (Ac. or

exposing such Mixture to Sale, 10 Ann. C 26, 31. 12 Ann. Jl; ■

2. C g. § 20.- 4 Geo. 2, C 14. § 5.

3. And on Powder makers, (Ac. having Alabader, (ac..in their Cnftody, 4 Geo. 2. C 14, § 8.

4. Makers how to enter their Places of Abode and Workhcufes,

4 Geo. 2. C 14. § 6.

5. The Power of Officers to search such Workhouses, 4 Geo. 2, C 14. § 7.

6. Penalties on those that obdruft them, 4 Geo. 2, C 14. ■§ 9, 10, ■

For Gunpowder, see tjekinpoibdcr,.

And see £a>tarcl).

Politic. See Banks.

potdict (loinmauamo

How indemnified from the Loss of a Sum of Money flolenoutof his Office in the Exchequer, 2 Geo. 2. C 6.

popfon ang popfomnn; --

1. Poyfoning wilful Murder, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 13.

2. Persons poyfoned in one County dying in another, the Indifl ' ment found where the Death happens shall be good, 2 (A 3 Ed. 6. C 24.

See Service and Sacraments.

p?aeripe fit capftc

Mot to he granted' to the lofmg any man's Court, M, C 9 H. 3. C 24.

Picocljutn *

Prohibited without the Licence of the Diocesan, 2 H. 4. C 15,"

For other Matters, see il cffurcrs.

See Ecclesiastical Courts. ii^cccgcnee

Statute regulating Precedence of Lords and Gthcr great Officers in Parliament, 31 H. 8. C 10.

P?eC50U0 0ito!lc0.

May be imported or exported Duty free, ge, 2. C 7,

pjecemtratl See Marriage.

seeblfhops.

fstcmeihitc,

pjemum've

pjetogatfoe.

Piemunitc.

s. They that purchase Provisions of Abbeys at Rome, shall be out of the King's protection, 25 Ed. ft. 5. C 22.ft. 6.

2. Impeaching in other Courts Judgments given in the king's Courts, 27 Ed. 3.7?. i. C 1.

3. The Process against those that sue Citations or Presentations at Rome, 38 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 1.

4. The King not to pardon these Offences without Consent of the Party grieved, 38 Ed. 3.7?. 2. C 2.

5. The same Penalty against Procurators and Attorneys of Aliens having Benefices, 3 R. 2. C 3.

6. Against Aliens taking Benefices without Licence, 7 R. 2. C 12.

7. Defendants permitted to appear by their general Attorneys, 7 R. 2. e. 14.

8. The king's Subjects obtaining Benefices by Provision, to be out of the king's Proteflion, 12 R. 2. C 13.

9. Offences against the Statutes of Provifors to be punished with Banishment, Iiff. 13 R. 2. ft. 2. e. 2.

co. Bringing in Sentences against those that execute the Statutes of Provifors, to be punished with Death, 13 R. 2. ft. 2. C 3. With the Penalties of Premimire, 16 R. 2. C 5.

11. Accepting Provisions of Discharge from ordinary Obedience, 2 II 4, C 3. Or from Payment of Tithes, 2 H. 4. C 4.

12. The Statutes against Provifors confirmed, 9 H. 4. C 8.

13. A Pardon of Offences of Premunire, 9 H. 4. C 10.

14. The Penalty extended to those that procure Licence to execute a Provision of a Benefice full, 3 H. 5.7?. 2. C 4.

15. To those that prosecute Appeals to Rome, 24 H, 8. C 12. 25 H. 8. C 19. § 5.

: 6. Dean and Chapter net electing and consecrating Bishop incur Premun: re, 25 H. 8. C 20. § 7.

17. Offences of Premunire made since 1 H. 8. repealed, 1 Mar. ft. I - C 5.

18. Maintaining the Authority of the See of Rome, a Premunire in the second Offence, 1 El. C 1. § 29.

19. Writing, iac. to defend the Power of the See of Rome, is Treason in the second Offence, 5 El. C 1. § 10, 11.

20. Not lawful to kill a Person attainted in Premunire, 5 El. C 1. § 21.

21. Importing Agnus Dei, tac. prohibited under Penalty of pre munire, 13 El. C 2. § 7.

22. Sending Money, iac. to Priests of Seminaries Abroad, incur Premunire, 27 El. C 2. § 6.

23- Preaching, (Ac. against the Protestant Succession, to incur a Premunire, 4 Ann. C 8. 6 Ann. C 7. § 2.

For other Matters, see ®j0bcrc 10. Cattle 16. ©unpolxi tet 5. habeas co?jms 8. Monopolies 4. js>atl; s 15. ^jobifo?s, j2>ttrtscpnnce 12. ibccufants 17, CV irome, llfurp 8.

1. None but the king's Officers shall distrain out of their See, or in the Highway, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 15.

2. None but the King shall have Plea of false Judgement, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 19.

3. The king's Accountants to be imprisoned For their Defaults, St. Scacc.; i H. 3- ft. 5.

4< Prerogative in Tenures in espite, iac. St. Prerog sliva Regis,

17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 1 to 7, (A 13.

5. With Regard to the Lapse of six Months, Prerog. Reg. 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1, C 8.

6. In the Custody of Lands of Idiots and Lunatics, Prerog. Reg. 17 Ed. z. ft. 1. C 9 ta 10.

7. In Wreck, Whales, and Sturgeons, Prerog. Reg. 17 Ed. 2. ft. I. C II

8. In the Lands of Aliens, Prerog. Reg, 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 12.

9. In the Escheats of Bishops Tenants, Prerog. Reg. 17 Ed. 2. ft.

1. e. 14.

j&efentmetit;

10. That Advowfons Appendant pals not with a Manor, Prerog. Reg, 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. e. 15.

11. In the Goods of Felons, and in the Year and Day, Prerog, Reg. 17 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 16.

12. For several old condemned Opinions relating to the Prerogative, see 21 R. 2, C 12 fj 20. 1 H. 4. C 3.

13. None but the King may pardon Felonies, 27 H. 8. C 24.

14. None but the King may make Justices, 27 H. 8. C 24. § 2.

For other Matters, see ^ftattcljlfcs,

p?efentment*

1. The Examination of a Clerk presented to a Benefice, belongs to the Ordinary, art.cler. t)ed.2.jl. 1. C 13.

2. The king's Preferments in another's Right released, 2; Ed, 3.7?. 3. C 1.

3. A Limitation of the king's Preferment in another's Right, to three Years before the Preferment made, by 14 Ed. 3. ft. 4. e. 2. Repealed, 25 Ed. 3.7?. 3. C 2.

4. The king's Title to prefer in another's Right, to be examined, 2; Ed. 3.7?. 3. C 3.

5. The Ordinary or his Clerk may counterplead the king's Title, 25 Edi. ft. 3. C 7.

6. The king's Prefentec shall not be admitted to a Benefice that is full, until it be recovered by Law, 13 R. 2. ft. l.c. 1.

7. An Incumbent put out by the king's Prefcntee may pursue his Remedy at any Time, 4 H. 4. C 22.

For other Matters, see *lit)t)0tt)f0tl, C ^jetogattfee,.

£>tmont\

pansa

Duty of Excise granted to the Town, 26 Geo. 2, C 79,

p?etentjer.

1. How attainted, 13 IV 3. C 3. § 1.

2. Averting his Right punished with Premunire, 7 ta 8 IV 3,

C 27. § 2. 6 Ann. C 7. § 2.

3. Corresponding with him, or his Sons, Treason, 13 Vr. 3. C 3i

§ 2. 17 Geo. 2. C 39.

4. Securing his Person on his landing, or attempting to land, how rewarded, ( g. o. 1. ft. IE. 1. § 9. raft. C 13. § 28, 29.

See Ecclesiastical Courts, Jesuit, Ordination, and Recusants.

Taken away, 12 Car. 2. C 24,

jj^fncete ropal

itow provided for, 6 Geo. 2. C 25. § 6. 7 Geo. 2. e. 13.

pgntfp&l' See Accessary.

Panting.

21 ft a. i. concerning Monopolies not to extend to Letters Patent concerning Printing, 21 fta. 1. C 3. § 10.

Sec 3150objs 5.

p^ntui^fpoufe.

Shares in Stocks for printing of Books belonging to the king's Printing house, how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 54.

$32iut& See Books,

3$ji'fagc

p?ffotn

ipjlbateets?*

p^fage of cbfnetf.

1. Saved to the King, Art. super Cart. 28 Ed, x.ft.o,, C 2,

2. Not to pay Custom, 1 2 Car, 2. C 4, § 15.

Far other Matters, see ibutlevilgc, cittucs.

p?itcm aim p^ifonet#.

1. None shall be imprisoned but by lawful Trial, br. or by the Law of the Land, M. C 9 H. 3. C 29.

2. A Debtor in Execution upon a Statute Merchant, shall be found in Bread and Water, St. Je Mercator', 13 Ed. \. ft. 3.

3. Breaking of Prison shall not be Capital, unless the Offence for which he was imprisoned was so, St. de/rang. pris. 1 Ed. 2. ft. 2.

4. Gaolers shall take no See of Persons committed on the Statutes of Labourers, \2r.2, C 9.

5. aprisoner in the Fleet may be charged with an Action in the Common Pleas by Habeas Corpus ad refponiendum. 13 Car. 2. ft. 7. C 2. § 5.

6. Prisoners not to be charged with Liquor without their con sent, 22 b 23 Car. 2. C 20. § 9.

7. Felons and Prisoners for Debt to be kept apart, 22 b 23 Car. 2. C 20. § 13.

8. Declarations may be delivered against Prisoners in Custody of any Sheriff, 4 b 5 W, b M. C 21.

9. Declarations against Prisoners maybe delivered to the Turnkey, 8 b 9 W. 3. C 27. § 13.

10. Penalty for extorting Chamber Rent, 8 b 9 W. 3. C 27.

§ H

11. Against Rescues in pretended privileged Places, 8 b 9 IF. 3. C 27. § 15.

12. Keeper of a Prison permitting a clandestine Marriage forfeits 100/. 10 Ann. C 19. § 176.

13. Penalties on refilling the Execution of Process in the Mint, in Southwark, 9 Geo. 1. C 28.

14. In Mapping, Stepney and other Places presented by the Grand Jury, 11 Geo. 1. C 27,

15. Prisoners to have Liberty to send for Victuals, and provide their own Bedding, br. 2 Geo, 2. C 22. § 3.

16. Tables of Fees to be hung up, 2 Geo, 2. e. 22. § 4.

17. Tables of Gifts to be hung up, be. 2 Get. 2. C 22. § 7.

18. Prisoners in Execution for less than 100/. to be discharged

upon Petition, 2 Geo. 2. C 22. § 8. 3 Geo. 2. C 27. 29 Geo.

2. C 28. Must Petition before the End of the firftterm, 8 Geo. 2, C 24. § 2. Their Oath, 21 Geo. 2. C 33. § 2.

19. The Crown to grant the Wardenlhip of the Fleet during the Life of Thomas Bamlridge, 2 Geo. 2. C 32.

20. For building a Gaol for the Western Division of Kent, 9 Geo. 2. C 12.

21. The Money for the King's Bench and Marshalsea Prisoners,

to be paid by the Treasurers of the Counties, and enforced by Rule of the King's Bench, 11 Geo. 2. C 20. 12 Geo. 2. C 29.

§ 23.

22. No Attorney in Prison shall commence any Suit, 12 Geo. 2. C 13. § 9 b 10.

23. Regulations of Prisons and Imprisonment in Scotland, 20 Geo.

2. C 43. §18.

24. The Power of appointing" the mar(hal of the king's Bench, revefted in the Crown, 27 Geo. 2. C 17.

23. Persons retailing Ale, be. in Prisons to be licensed, 29 Geo. 2, C 12. § 26.

26. Prisoners not to be carried to Taverns, br. 32 Geo. 2. C 28.

27. Prisoners for less than 100/. how to be discharged, 32 Geo. 2, C 28. § 13.

28. Prisoner compelled to deliver his effects, 32 Geo. 2. C 28. § 16.

29. Refufmg to alfign his effects may be transported, 32 Geo. 2. C 28. § 17.

For other Matters, see 3jpp?oticr, *fttojnies( 41. fl&nil,

ibjattbp 51. Charitable <bfcs 7. Countp irntes, sdebtojs, <£fcat>c, Jfleet, ©aols, habeas Cojpus, istnpjifontttetit, jmng's llbcncl), Carriage 8. sizars ftjal of the icing's usettcl;, ^sjiwlegeb places, jlicot* iand, jaftjertffs, coals.

p?ftatcerg.

1. Directions for trying Offenders by Courts Marftial, 17 Geo. 2. C 34. § 26.

2. Going into Ports in the British Colonies, subject to the Law there, 29 Geo. 2. C 34. § 31.

3. Offences on Board Privateers punishable as on Board the king's Ships, 29 Geo. 2. C 34. § 33.

4. Crimes to be iried by a court-martial of the king's Ships, ' 29 Geo. 2. C 34. § 34.

5. Farther Regulations of Privateers, 32 Geo. 2. C 25.

0. Prizes to belong to Owners and Captors, 32 Geo. 2. C 23. § 2.

For other Matters, see Jtifurance, bark ant ikepjifal, pies,

lp?l'vuleoc Of 3mbalfatio?s>. See ambaftadors, of parliament. See Parliament, places

1. Persons resorting to pretended privileged Places may be arrested,

8 b 9 W. 3. C 27. § 15. ggeo.i.c. 28. 11 Geo. I.

C 22.

2. Penalty of 5ol. and Pillory on opposing Officer, 8 b 9 IF. 3. C 27. § 15.

3. Privileged Places, and Persons not exempt from Payment of Taxes, 4 Geo. 3. C 2, § 21.

For other Matters, see ^ttclts, pjtfoils.

Paibp Council. See Council.

p^ftjp Seal See Clerk of the Signet, Con ' liable and Marshal, Oaths, Seals.

pes?.

1. Goods may be imported into, and exported out of the Plantations, in Prize Ships, 7 b 8 W. 3. C 22. § 2,

2. Prize Ships to be registered, and Oath made that the Property is English, 7 b 8 W. 3. C 22. § 19.

3. The Property of Prizes veiled in the Captors, and the Prizes

to be appraised, sold and divided amongst them, and the king's Duties thereon feenred, 6 Ann. C 13. 9 Ann. C 27, 4 4.

4. Duty on French Prize Wine during the War, 6 Ann. C 19,

§ u.

3. Directions for condemning Prize Ships in America, 6 Ann.

c‘ 37‘....

6. Appeal to the Privy Council, 6 Ami. C 37. § 8.

7. Privateers, be. lbjeci to the Laws concerning Slaves, 6 Amo,

C 37. § 18. 17 Geo. 2. C 34. § 22.

8. Regulations of the Duties on Prize Goods (tom America, 10

Ann, C 22. b C 26. § 113. 15 Geo. 2. C 31. § 5.

9. Property of Prizes given to the Captors, 13 G 0. 2. C 4. 17

Gro. 2. C 34.

10. Directions for condemning Prizes, 13 Geo, 2. C 4. § 3. 17

Geo. 2. r. 34. § 3. 20 Geo, 2. C 24. § 10. 29 Geo. 2. C 34.

§ 3-

11. Admiralty to give Commissions to Privateers, 17 Geo. 2, C 34.

§ 2.

12. Penalty for imbezilling applied in Part to Greenwich Hofpha], 17 Gtc. 2. C 34. § 11.

13. shares.br. not demanded in three Years, go to Greenwich Hospital, 17 Geo. 2. C 34. § 14, 19.

14. Prizes

Probate.

^loccfsf^

44. Prizes not exempted front Customs, 17 Geo.?, C 34. § 15. 29 Geo. 2. r. 34,, § 17. _.

15. Penalty on Privateers taking Ships by Collusion, 13 Gris. 2.

r. 27. § 3. 29 Gfs. 2. r. 34. § 25.

16. Duty on Prize quick silver during the War, ascertained, 15 Geo. 2. C 19. § 22.

17. Agents for Prizes to regifier their Powers, is Geo. 2. C 31.

§ 5. zo Geo. 2. C 24. n. 29 Geo. 2. 0. 34. § 14.

, 18. Mailers of Privateers to inquire if Mariners have deserted, 19 Geo. 2. C 30. § 2.

19. Bills of Sale of Prize Money made void, 20 Geo. 2. C 24.

§ 4*

20. runaway Men forfeit their Money to greenwich.ho(p\tz\, zo Geo. 2. C 24. § L 7, 13, 14-

21. Prize Goods to be warehoused and exported Dutyfree, 20 Geo. 2. C 45. § 10. Repealed 21 Geo. 2. C 2. §8.

22. No Drawback on Prize Goods, 21 Geo. 2. C 2. § 9.

23. Commiilion for hearing Appeals lelating to Prizes, declared valid, 22 Geo. 2, C 3.

24. Prizes made by the king's Ships to be divided among the Captors in such Proportion as his Majesty Shall order, 29 Geo.

■34

25. Captures in Americahow to be disposed of, 29 Geo. 2. e. 34.

26. Penalties on Judges or Officers of Courts of Admiralty in America neglecting their Duty, zg Geo. 2. C 34. § 6.

27. Fees of Courts of Admiralty in America, 29 Geo. 2. C 34.

§ 8.

28. Regulations concerning Agents for Prizes, z9 Geo. 2. C 34. § 12, csy. § 28, life. § 35, iftc.

29. Shares'of runaway Men, C not demanded in three Years to be paid to Greenwich Hospital, 29 Geo. 2. C 34. § 16, 26, 28, 29, 30.

30. Bounty to the Captors for all Men on Board the Enemies Ships of War taken or deilroyed, 29 Geo. 2. C 34. § 21.

31. Ships or Goods taken by the Enemy, and re taken by the king's Ships or Privateers, to be rellored on paying Salvage, 29 Geo. 2. C 34.' § 24.

32. Penalty on the Captains of Privateers or king's Ships, taking Ships by Collusion, 29 Geo. 2. C 34. § 25.

33. Run Men forfeit their Share of Prize and Bounty Money, 29 Geo. 2. C 34, § 26 & 27.

34. Privateers to be subject to the Laws of the Colonies, '29 Geo, 2. C 34. §31.

35. Navy may purchase Stores on board neutral Ships, 29 Geo. 2. r. 34. § 38.

36. What Duties shall be paid on Prize Goods, 30 Geo. 2. C 18.

37. Military or Ship Stores exempt from Duty, 30 Geo. 2. C 18.

§

Notifications of Payment of Prizes how to be given, 33 Geo.

2. r. 19. § J.

39. Duties on Prize Goods, 32 Geo. 2. C 10. § 3.

40. Notifications to be good Evidence of the Persons being Agents, 33 Geo. 2. C 19. § 5.

41. Directions for regiftcring Letters of Attorney, 33 Geo. 2.

C 19. § 6.

42. Penalties applied in part to Greenwich Hospital, 33 Geo. 2.

C 19. § 7- ',

43. The Provisionsof 30 Geo. 2, C 18. extended to Spanish Prize. Goods, 3 Geo. 3. C 25.

For other Matters, Je z&hmftal 13. ©jccttldl'ci) cfofpftal, fjjitoatccv, gttypss, gjoutl^fsca Company,

probate of

t. To be taken without Extortion, 31 Ed. 3./. 1. C 4. 46 Ed. 3.

3 11. C ft. 2. C 6.

2'. The Fees to be taken for Probates, 21 II 8. C 5.

3. The Archbishop of Canterbury may call Persons out of the di ocefe where they dwell, to prove a Will, 23 11. 8, C 9. § 5.

4. Wages due in the king's Yards not Iona notabilia, 4 Ann. C 16.

§ 26.

5. Fees for Probates of Seamens Wills, 31 Geo. z. C 10. § 23.

For other Matters, fit sljmulltfirato?, ©£ccl!to', olltlls.

pjbce&entio.

actions remanded by Procedendo, not to be llaid or removed into any other Courts, 21 Ja. 1. C 23. § 3.

Process..

The great Diflrcfs shall be awarded on Default after Attachment testified, st.lveftm. 1. 3 Edt. C 45.

2. No Writ that toucheth the common-law to go forth under any of the Petty Seals, 28 Ed. 1. ft. 3. C 6.

3. Summons and Attachment in Plea of Land Shall contain 15 Days, except assizes, lac. Art. super Cart. 28 Ed. 1. C 15.

4. Process on the Statute, 25 FV. 3.9?. 4. r.z. for diflurbingmerchants, shall be by Attachment of the Body, ibid.

5. theproccfs on an Indictment of Felony, 25 Ed. 3.9?. 5. C 14.

6. Process of Capia and Exigend shall lie in Debt, Detinue and Replevin, as well as in Account, z5 Ed. 3. ft. 5. C 17.

7. On indiciments in B. R. two Capias before the Exigend, 6 II 6. C 1.

8. On indiciments in other Counties than where the indictment

is taken, there fh'll be an Alias Capias before the Exigend, 8 H. 6. C io. § 2. 10 II 6. C 6.

9. Like Process shall be in the king's Bench and Common Pleas in Case, as in Debt or Trespass, 19 H. 7. C 9.

10. Process of Outlawry shall lie in actions of forcible Entry, Annuity and Covenant, 23 H. 8. C 14.

11. In Personal Actions 1: Days not necessary between Tell and Return. 13 Car. .ft. 2. C at. § 6, 7,

For oath mot n, f, e scffions popular, 3t>mcacutement cf idoiner, lsc. Himbaffatojs, appearance, iprreft, Slttojmes, 3daj>0 in ibanh, idebc to ano from tije jjting, 5dffcontfnuance of ^ocefs,; felo»y nokljout Clergy, Tineocefs. &iug 'o. sdutlatojy, fda?lta= incut.; s, petition of isigljt, irccufants, fs>cali3, ^ijeriifs 45. guaies, sstafte 6.

Simp See Infant,

Proclamation.

1. Power granted to the Crown to repeal or suspend by Proclamation the Statutes relating to Export and Import, z6 11. 8. C 10.

2. Proclamations to be obeyed as acts of Parliament, 2, 1 II 8.

C 8. 34 & 3; H. 8. C 23. Repealed 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 5,

For other Matters, Jet 35a!lurupts 4, l£c. 315a8aVt), flfr. 3. communication 9. brines.

Proclamation on <£jtigcnt& See Outlawry. Proao?.

A. Not to practice, if a Popish Recufimt, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. § 8.

2. Not to acl as Justice of Peace, 5 Geo. 2. C II § 2.

p?ofanencf0. See Blasphemy. Profeffb? of Ham In ©iefcru.

Not to be prejudiced by 1 3 £5? J 4 Car. 2. as to the Prebend of Shiplon, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 4. § 29.

pro&uwieu nnu imcuffomtti Gpootisu

See Coffee, Customs, India Goods.

pjofjftltiott.

profit bftiom

I, In Matters of Spiritual Cognisance, the Ecclesiastical Courts may proceed notwithstanding the king's Prohibition, St. cir cumj'p. agatis, 13 Ed. X ft,

t. Where it appears that a Cause belongs to the Ecclesiastical Court, a Writ of Confutation shall be awarded, St. de Consult. 24 Ed. 1.

3. Prohibition shall not be in Suits for Tithes, Oblations, fsv. or for Satisfaction for them, Art. Cler. 9 Ed. z.ji. 1. C 1. Art. contra prokib. incerti temp. Vol. I. 185.

4. Shall be in Suits for Tithes, ex jure patronatus to the fourth Part of the Value, Art, Cler. 9 Ed. 2. Jl. 1. C 2. Art. contra probib. incerti temp. Vol. I. 185.

5. Shall be in Suits for pecuniary Penance, Art, Cler. 9 Ed. 2. Jl. I. C 2. Art. contra probib. incerti temp. Vol. 1. 185.

6. Shall not be in Suit for laying violent Hands on a Clerk, Art. Cler. g Ed. 2 .Jl, 1, C 3, Art. contra probib incerti temp. Vol.

1. 185.

7. Prelates maycorreft fordefamation, Art. Cler, 9 Ed. Jl. 1. C 4. Art. contra prohib. incerti temp. Vol. 1. 185,

8. Prohibition shall not be in Suit for ti.hc of a new Mill, Art. Cler. 9 Ed. 2. Jl, 1. C 5.

g. Where the Ecclesiastical and Temporal Court may proceed upon the same Olfence, Art. Cler. 9 Ed. Jl. 1. C 3 6.

lo. In what Cases a Mandamus to abfolvc ill all ilfue, Art. Cler. 9 Ed. ?.Jl. i. C 7.

II The Prohibition upon the Articuli Chri. Inter Jlatuta incerti temp. Vol. 1. 189.

12. Shall be granted today Suits for Defamation again!! indict ors, 1 Ed. 3. Jl. 2. C II

13. Shall not be awarded but where the King ought to have the Conufance, 18 Ed. 3. Jl. 3. C 5.

14. Cognisance of Avoidance of Benefices pertaineth to the Ecclesiastical Judge, 2; Ed. 3. Jl. 3. C 8.

15. No Prohibition shall be granted after Consultation duly awarded, 30 Ed. 3. C 4.

16. A Copy of the Libel shall be delivered upon demand, 2 H. SC. 3-

17. In Suits fer Tithes a Prohibition shall not be granted, until a

Copy of the Libel be delivered to the Judges, 2 sf 3 Ed. 6. C 13. § 14., |

For Prohibitions of Suits for Tithes, see ^t'tljcs.

For other Matters, see costs, %xt\)z6.

jsoteg. See Bills of Exchange.

p?opljcfte0.

Publishing of false Prophecies puni(hed, 5 El, C 15.

p^otcfti'ctu

1. Fine to be paid in the Exchequer for Protections to Persons beyond Sea, St. de Libert, pirquir. 27 Edi. ft, 2.

2. Protection may be challenged for that the Party is out of the king's Service, St. de prat eel. 33 Ed. x.ft. 1.

3. The king's Debtor maybe sued by another Creditor, notwithstanding

the king's Protection, and if the Plaintiff will undertake for the king's Debt, he shall have Execution, 23 Ed. 3./. 5. 19.

4. Not to be allowed for Debts contracted after the Date, 1 R. 2.

C 8;

5. A Protection Sjuia profedurus shall not be allowed in a Plea commenced before the Date of the Protection, 13 R. 2. f. 1. C 16.

6. If the Party repair home, the Chancellor shall repeal his Protection, 13 R. 2 .ft. 1. C 16.

7. No Protection ftiall be allowed in actions for Escapes, 7 II 4.

r. 4.

8. To be granted to Soldiers going with the King without the Ex

Vol. IX Tab.

, Pudjeuance.

ception of Aflifes of Novel dijjeifut, 9 H. 5, C 3. 4 H, 6. C 2.,

8 H. 6. C 13. 14 Ed. 4. C 2, ph, 7. C 4.

9. Not to be allowed to a Patentee cn a Scire feias upon a traverse of an Office, 23 II 6. C 16.

For other Matters, see Attaint 5.' 'Eljcltcr 8.

p'otcll See Bills of Exchange, C

p?otc(fnnt cf $>api(f3 anti 3ieu)£;

t. The Lord Chancellor how empowered to make an Order 011 Popish, 11 & 12 IF. 3. r. 4. § 7.

2. And jensajh Parents refusing to allow their Protestant Children a fitting Maintenance, 1 ann.ft. 1. C 3c.

p^otcltaht ch'ffeilteeg. See Nonconforming p^oteffattt 0ucceflioih See King. pjot&onotaty*

How many Clerks may be kept by the Prothonotory of the Court' of Common Pleas, 2 Geo. 2. C 23. § 16.

1. In Case of a Provision from Rome, the King shall have the Collation, 23 Ed. 3. ft. 6. § a.

2. No Provision with Licence shall be available of a Benefice that

is full, 7 H. 4. C 8. 3 11. 3.7?. 2. C 4.

For other Matters, see jdjcrttullttc,

ptttcljafct* See Bankrupt, Charitable Uses, Fraud, Judgments, Recognizances, Recovery, Wales.

purgation. See Clergy, Ecclesiastical Courts,

Usurpations upon the Crown may be refeifed, while the Usurpers are living, St. de Eg. 4 Ed. 1. ft.'o,. C 4.

For other Matters, see; )f cjtft,

puthepancc.

1. The Price to be paid, M. C 9 H. 3. C 19.

2. Wood not to be taken without Licence, M. C 9 H. 3. C 21,

3. None shall make Purveyance of Victual or Carriage, on Pain

of Ransom, St. Wejlm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 1. 34 Ed, 3. C 2, 36

Ed. 3. r. 2 S 6.

4. Shall not be made for a Cattle, but in the Town where the Castle is, Iftc. St. Weftm. 1. 3 Edt. C 7.

3. The Penalty of Purveyors not paying when they have received the Money, St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 32.

6. Regulations of Purveyance, Artie, super Cartas, 28 Ed. 1.

ft. 3. r. 2. tped. 3. C 3 if 4. $ed.$.c.z. 10 Ed. 3. ft. 2.

C 1, 2, 3. 14 Ed. 3.7?. 1. C 19. 25 Ed. 3. ft. 5. C 1. C 6. C 15. 28 Ed. 3. C 12. 34 Ed. 3. C 3. 36 Ed. 3. C 2, 3,

4, 5. 2 II 4. C 14. 1 II t. C io. 1 H, 6. C 2. 20 H. 6. C 8. 23 II 6, C 1. 2 Etf 3 Ed. 6. C 3. 2 if 3 P. Eif M.

C 6 if 13.

7. No Purveyance shall be made without Aficnt, St. dc Tallag. tonne cor.ced, 34 Ed, x.ft. 4. C 2.

8. No Purveyance shall be made for any Subject, 7 R. 2. C 8. 23 H. 6. C 13.

9. None shall take Elorfes on Pretence of the King's Bufinels

without Consent, 20 R. 2. C 3. 28 H. 6. C 2.

10. Purveyance may be made near the Univeifities under certain Regulations, 13 El. c.2x.

11. Purveyance taken away, is Car. 2. C 24. § 12.

S '

Paotcsfoit*

\2. Where

&uafiei; & €uiatc impels (t

12. Where Persons delaying Anions on this Statute, or Judge ments, incur Premunire, 12 Car. 2. C 24. § 14.

13. Temporary Statutes suspending, 12 Car. 2 in Favour of ihe king's Royal Progrcffes, 13 Car. 2.ji, I. C 8. I Ja. 2. C to.

14. And of his Navy and Ordnance, 13 y 14 Car. 2. C 20.

For other Matters, see ©utlchlgc, Ccclefinftl'cnl Courts,

be.

Q.

£tnmkct%

1. Penalty of their Assembling under Pretence of religious Worship,

or refufing.an Oath, 14 Car. 2. C 1.

2. For the third Offence to abjure the Realm, or be transported,

1 3 Cif 14 Car. 2. C I. § 2.

3. The Toleration for the Quakers, 1 W. y M. C 18. § 13.

4. Where dil'abled to vote for Members of Parliament, 7 y 8 W.

3. C 27. 6 Ann. C 23. 2 Geo. 2. C 24.

5. Their Affirmation to be taken in Civil Causes, 7 y 8 W, 3.

C 34. 1 Geo. 1. C 6. 8 Geo. I. C 6. Extended to Moravians,

22 Geo, 2. C 30.

6. Penalty of false Affirmation, 7 y 8 W. 3. C 34. § 3. 8 Geo.

1. C 6. § 2. 22 Geo. 2. C 30. § 2. 22 Geo. 2. C 46. §, 36.

7. Not permitted to give Evidence in Criminal Cases, or to serve on Juries, or bear Offices of Profit, 7 y 8 W. 3. C 34. § 6.

8. Power given to the Justices to levy their small Tithes, 7 y 8

W. 3. C 34. § 4. Extended to all Ecctefiaftical Dues, 1 Geo. 1, C 6. § 2..

9. May be admitted Attornies'on taking their Affirmation, 12 Geo. 2. C I 3. § 8.

10. Affirmation of Quakers to be received where an Oath is required by any Act of Parliament, 22 Geo. 2. C 46. § 36.

For other Matters, see *fttojvttcs 40. ccttlo'att 17. 31te-

Intifc 36 f3j)arnagcs 18. s2j)itftia Jidnturalijatton 15. £dntl)s 13. parliament 74. jrtligton 9. j*>ca= tnen 56.

£uum fmpetift*

3. Day may be given de quindetta in quindenam, cst. Marleb.' 52 H. 3. C 12.

2. Given of Chapels, Prebends, ic. St. Wejlm. 2.13 Ed, l.c.$. § 4.

3. Cases in which Plenarty was pleadable against the Crown, 14 Ed. 3.JI. 4, C 2.

4. He who claims by a Recovery, sir all maintain a Quare impedit on the first Avoidance, 7 H. 8. C 4.

3, The Time between the 10th December and 12th March not teckoned in Qoare 'impedit, 1 IF. & M. fff. 1. C 4.

6. A Quare impedit may be maintained notwithstanding an usurpation, 7 Ann. C 18.

7. Actions of Quare impedit excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. § 36.

For other Matters, fe ishbomotls, 3dtips ft! l!5ailt» 3.

fi tug, jlnpfe, $tfi gjittc z. pjcfetttiuent, fflintt>er= itties 1 j.

Cluare non ntmtitit. See Bishops. duatcntine* See Plague. £umrentine fo? a duuotu. See Dower,

"Widows.

dtifitte^scolons See Justices of Peace.

dtuc&gtftg*

Damage sustained by destroying, burning, or defacing them, how recompensed, 6 Geo, I, C 16.

Cuto jmjattanta. Rapp.

Cltll f&tinh See Information.

£utou tl nefojcctit.

1. Given in Wales, St, Wall 12 Edi.

2. Given to the Heir whose Guardian loses by Default, St. Wejlm, 2, 13 Ed. 1. C 4.

3. To particular Tenants losing by Default, ibid.

€luoti petmittat.

Granted to the Successor of a Parson against the Heir of the dir feifor, St. Wejlm, 2. 13 Ed. L C 24.

£uio Gffltartanto.

1. Directions for proceeding on the Writ for enjoying Liberties, and the Writ of Quo Warranto, before the king and in Eyre, St, Quo War. 6 Ed. 1.

2. Pleas of Quo Warranto shall be heard and determined before the Justices in Eyre, St, Quo War. 18 Ed. 1. jl. 2.

3. Liberties before R. 1. confirmed, and those who have old Charters of Franchise shall have the same adjudged according to the Tenor of them, Sr. Quo War. 18 Ed. i.jl, 3.

4. Judgement of Oufer maybe given on Informations in Nature of Quo Warranto, g Annt C 20. § 5.

5. Statutes of Jeofails extended to Proceedings on Quo Warranto, g Ann. C 20. §7.

For other Matters, see jfrancj)tfcs and information.

R.

Rap.

Old Rags may be imported Duty fr£e, 11 Geo. 1. C 7. § to.

See Enclosures..

See Grocery Wares, Spices.' Rape.

1. Punished as a Trespass, Sr. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 13. — If Suit not commenced within 40 Days, King may sue, ibid.

2. As Felony, St, wef.m, 2. 13 Ed, Jl. 1. C 34.

3. The Ravisher, and the Woman ravished consenting after, disabled from taking any Inheritance or Dower, 6 R. 2. J. 1. C 6.

4. The Appellee not to be received to wage Battle, 6 R. 2, J. t. C 6.

5. The Offence to be specified in a Pardon, 1 3 R. 2. ft, 2. e. 1.

6. Rapes excepted out of general Pardon, 20 G 0. 2. r. 52. § 18.

For other Matters, see jfcltmi€(3 iditf) atlt) iflitljout clctgp,

^stardon, satomen.

Rape ecu.

To what Duties liable on Importation, 2 W, y m.jejj. 2. C 4.

§ 35-

Rape (Kfnfjjar. See Vinegar.

1

srntciiffe Camlet.

Part of it, with the Hamlet of Limehouje, made a distinct pariibj, 3 Geo. 2. C 17.

Eatfonabflf parte

Saved to the Widow and Children, M, C 9 //. 3, C 18.

3 ibattnnts*

Ecceftw

Eccofces: ^

Eattang, '

To what Duties liable on Importation, 4 W. & M. C 5. § 2,

Eairifljment of an a else.

1. Tobepunished with two Years Imprisonment; and with perpetual Imprisonment, if the Ward be married, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 35.

z. The Suit shall go to Heirs and Executors, and against Executors, ibid.

5, The Penalties of taking a Woman child, and of consenting to a Ravilhment, 4 £5? 5 P. ift M. C 8.

Enttfimient of anowett. See Rape. Eatu see.skins. •

Eafo See Silk,

Ecccipt.

t. If the Hulhand or Tenant for Life makes Default, idc. the Wife or he in Revcrfion shall be received, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Edi. C 3.*

z. Proceedings where the Demandant voucheth, iftc. onthete

• nant's Ihewinghis Right, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Edi. C 4.

3. The Tenant by Receipt shall find Security to the Demandant to answer the mesne Profits, St. de Defenf. jur; zo Ed. 1. ft. 3. 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 17.

4. He in Reversion or Remainder may have Attaint or Writ of

• Error on a Recovery against the particular Tenant, "9 R. 2. C 3.

5. He in Reversion may be received at the Day that the Tenant pleads, or before, 13 R, 2. ft. 1, C 17. At a Day of Continuance after the Default, 2 H. 6. C 16.

6. Days of Grace may be given against Tenant by Receipt, 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 17.

7. Tenant by Receipt shall have no dilatory Plea, 13 R, 2. ft. 1.

e. 17. '

Eeteteg.

t. What the Receivers of theking's Rents and Tenths shall take for Acquittances, 33 H. 8, C 39. § 6$.

2. How the king's Receivers and Colleflors shall be charged, 34. & 35 H. 8. C 2.

3. Heir not chargeable but for Lands by Descent, 34 & 35 H. 8. C 2. § 3.

4. Heirs may have Debt against Executors or Administrators of Ancestors, ' 34 Cif '35 H. 8.. C 2. § 5.

5. Officers accountant to the Crown shall find Sureties, and make their Accounts duly, 7 Ed. 6. C 1.

6. king's Receivers may distrain for Rent, 7 Ed. 6. C 1. § 11.

7. Lands of Accountants to the Crown liable, 13 El. C 4. § t. Exception as to Bifliopr, ibid. § q.

8. Lands fraudulently purchased made liable to Arrearages, 13 'EL C 4. § 5, 14.

9. Offices finding fraudulent Conveyances traverfable, 13 EL C 4.

$ 14-

to. Lands of Under collesors of the Tenths made liable, 14

EL C 7.

it. Accountants Lands may be sold after his Death, 27 El. C 3. § 2.

12. Not .to be sold during Infancy of Heirs, 27 El. C 3. § 7.

13. Receivers to pay iz fer Cent, in case they neglefl to account for two Months, 20 Car. 2. C 2.

j4. The Tieafury impoweied to make Allowances to Receivers,

3 Geo. C 4. § 3. 7 Geo. I. C 20. § 36.

15. No receiver-general, fsv. to maintain Aflion against the Hundred, unless three at least are in Company to attest the Truth of the Robbery, 33 Geo. 2. C 1. § 1 • 7.

For other Matters, see illcccutlt, is. jdcbt to tftc &tjlg 26. ©jcircquci, tsdiulnttijb 5. 08.

Eecognffaneeg.

1. May be made before the Mayor of London, C and a Clerk, C st.de Mercator. 11 Ed. 1.

2. Pledges to be secure so long as Debt may be levied of Debtor, 11 Ed. 1. § 2.

3. Farther Provisions for Executions upon Statutes Merchant, St, de Mercator. 13 Ed. ft. 3.

4. The Chancellor and Judges may take Rccogcifance, St. de Mercator. -13 Ed. L ft. 3.

5. The Clerk of the Statutes shall reside upontheplr.ee, and shall be of sufficient Estate, 14 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 11.

6. For Statutes Staple, 27 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 9, 15 R. 2. C 9.

7. ‘when a Statute has been.ftiewn in Court, and the Plea discon ..tinned, the Conufee on a Refummons, may have Execution

without producing it again, C C

8. Statutes taken before the Mayor of Calais, etfeflual in Euroland, 10 II 6. C 1. •

9. On a Scire facias to defeat a Recognisance, the Conufor shall find Surety to the Party, as well as to the King, 1 1 H. 6, C to.

ic. Recognifances taken for keeping the Peace, shall be returned to the Selfions, 3 H. 7. C 1.

11. Recognifances for Debts may be taken before the Chief Justices,

is'e. z3 H. 8. C 6. 8 Geo. 1. C 25.

12. Statutes shall be entered with the Clerk of the Recognifances, to affect a Purchaser, 27 El. C 4. § 7.

13. Recognifances shall or.iy affect a Purchaser from the Day of the lnrolment, 29 Car. ze C 3. § 18.

14. Recognizances in the Name of King fames II during the Interregnum, good, 1 W. ij$ M. fejf. 1. C 4. § 11.

15. Sheriffs Fees for extent. Liberate, isc, restrained, 8 Geo. 1.

■ r. 25- § 5-

For other Matters, see <3ueboltfcs 26. Cfcfkr 12, 3Dc5t to the &tng 13, 17. cepcbcciwcr 66. jfclottp tofthout Clergp, Title ikccogntfancc, Enrollment 5. euft>ccs of j0cace 20, isfe. ^ojtgnge 1. isegiftcr 9. Staple, Klales,

ecco?dare. See Replevin.

eeco^g.

1. Of Justices of Afiife, Gaol Delivery, and Oyer and Terminer, shall be sent to the Exchequer, and kept in the Treasury, 9 Ed. 3• ft IR. 5.

2. Search and Exemplification to be made for all Persons concerned, 46 Ed. 3.

3. The Penalty of raising or altering Records or Verdidts, 8 p.v 2* €• ^ •

4. Records of Affiles shall be delivered into the Treasury every other Year, 11 FI. 4. e. 3.

5. Records of Fines burnt in the Temple, to be supplied, 31 Car.

2. r. 3.

6. In what Cases Records are amendable, see Smenhinent.

For other Matters, see felonies lxlltf) clcfgp, Title srfs

cojtts.; ^ftne, Mlalcs,

Eccolieru

1. A Termor shall not Iofe his Term by a feigned Recovery, Sr,

go. C 6 Ed. C 11. 21 H. 8. C 1 5.

2. Particular Tenants losing by Default may vouch the rever fioner, 1 3 Ed. 1. C 4.

3. They who are intit'ed by Recovery, shall have their remedy by Avowry and Quare Imfedit, 7 H. 8. C 4.

4. Statutes and Executions not avoided by feiened Recoveries,

21 H. 8. C 13. §4.

5. Recovery by Consent against Tenant for Life, made void, 3z

H. 8. C 31. 14 El. C 8.

S z .6, No

Ecafflcep* Eecufanttf*

eetnfiteffiin Eesevence.

6. No Recovery, 15c. shall bar an Estate tail given by the Crown, whereof the Reversion is in the King, 34 £5 -35 II 8. e. 20.

7. Recoveries shall be good without the Surrender of the Lessee for Life, 14 Geo. 2. C 20.

•8. Purchasers in pofi'eflion after 20 Years, may give Evidence of a Recovery, by the Deed creating the Tenant to the Pratcipe, 14 Geo. 2. C 20. § 4.

9. After 20 Years a Recovery shall be good, though the Deed be lost, C 14 Geo. 2. C 20. §

10. A Deed, t5c. executed the same Term, shall be good to make a Tenant to the Prarpe. 14 Geo. 2. C 20. § 6.

For other Matters, see Bankrupt 11. Ut Itt 3tltta, jdapfi ftillbanfe 10. jdotoct 7. felonies toftljout ©letgp, rtftnes,; fftau5s 6. jlcafcs 2. limitations 10. U main 3. ail, aotalcs,

ecffo?* See Vicar.

Eeeufantg*

1. The Penalty of 20/. a Month for Nonconformity, 23 El. C !•

§ S'

2, This Aft not to abridge Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, 23 El. C 1.

§ IS

5. A Recusant conforming to be discharged, 23 EL C 1. § 10. i. 1.0 4.52.

4. Fraudulent Conveyances to avoid the Penalties of Recusancy, made void, 29 EL C 6.

5. Convictions of Recusancy to be certified into the Exchequer, 29 EL C 6. § 2.

6. The Crown may seize the Goods, and two Thirds of the Lands of Recusants, for Non payment of the 20/. a Month, 29 EL

r. 6. § 4.

7. Recusants shall not depart five Miles from their dwelling or Birth, 35 El. e. 2.

8. To forfeit Copyhold Lands, 35 EL C 2. § 5.

9. For want of Ability to pay the Penalty, they shall abjure, 35 El, C 2. §8..

to. Jesuits and Priests refusing to answer, shall be committed, 35 EL C 2. § 11.

11. The Manner of a recufant's Submission, 35 EL C 2. § 1 5.

1 2. None shall go or send any other to a Popish Seminary, 1 Ja.

1. r. 4. § 6. 11 sf 12 W. 3. C 4. § 6.

13. Recusants conforming, shall receive the Communion yearly,

3 Ja. I. r. 4.. / ■

14. Convictions to be certified into the Exchequer, 3 Ja. 1. r. 4.

§ 9.

15. Serving foreign State without Oath Felony, 3 Ja. 1. e. 4.

§ 18.

36. Bishops or two Justices may tender oath of Allegiance, 15e. lja.\. C 4. §. 13.

17. Where Persons tefufing the Oaths incur Premunire, 3 Ja. 1. r. 4. § 14, 41.

18. Withdrawing Subjects from Obedience, or reconciling them to Rome, Treason, 3 Ja. 1. C 4. § 2?.

19. The Penalty of 12 d. for every Default in not coming to Church, 3 Ja. j, C 4. § 2 j.

20. The Penally of retaining Recusants 3 Ja. 1, C 4. § 32.

21. Recusants restrained from coming to the Presence of the King

or the Prince, 3 Ja. 1. C 5, 30 Car. 2. ft. 2.

22. To depart from London, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. § 3,

23. Disabled from practising Law or Physic, or bearing Office, 3 jay C 5. § 8.

24. Subjefted to the Difabilitics of an Excommunication, 3 Ja. 1. r. 5. § -- n.

25. Recusants unduly married disabled to be Tenants by Courtesy, or in Dower, 3 Ja. 3. e. 3. § 13.

3.6. Pen. lty for not baptising their Children at Church, Ja. 1. ci § <4

27. Disabilities of Children sent beyond Sea for Education without Licence, 3 Ja. I. C 5. § 16.

28. Recusants disabled from presenting to a Church, or granting

an Advowson, 3 J a. 1. C 5. § 18. Extended to Persons professing the Popish Religion, 12 Ann. C 14. 11 Geo. 2. C 17.

§ 5*

29. The Presentation to Churches of Recusants, given to the uni verfities, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. § 19. And of Persons refusing the Declaration, 1 W. £5 M. C 26.

30. Recusants disabled from being Executors, Administrators or Guardians, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. § 22.

31. Next of Kin to have the Custody of Child as Guardian in Socage, 3 Ja. 1. r. 5. § 23^

32. Penalty of importing Popish Books, 3 Ja. 1. C 5, § 25.

33. Recusants Houses may be searched for Relics, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. § 26.

34. Arms and Ammunition of Recusants to be seized, 3 Ja. 1. C. § 27.

35. Penalties on married Women Recusants, 7 Ja. 1. C 6. § 28.

36. Penalties on going beyond Sea, or sending Children beyond Sea for Popish Education, 3 Car, 1. C 3.

37. Not to incur the Penalties if they receive the Sacrament, e. six Months after their Return, 3 Car, 1. C 3. § 2, 4.

38. Penalties an Persons not Educated in the Popish Religion, sending their Children to be so educated, 25 Car. 2. C 2. § 8..

39. Persons in Office to take the Oaths and Tell, 25 Car. 2. C 2. §1, 2.

40. Peers may take the Oaths, fife, in Parliament, 25 Car. 2. C 2. § 1 2.

41. Members of either House of Parliament not making the Declaration against: Popery, to be Recusants Con vift, op Car. z. ft.

42. Recusants may come into the king's Presence, by Licence of six Privy Counsellors, 30 Car. 2. ft. 2. § 12.

43. Offenders taking the Oaths in Chancery to be discharged. from Penalties, 30 Car. 2. ft. 2. § 13.

44. Third Refusal of the Declaration against Popery by any per son, Conviction of Recusancy, 1 W. £5 M. C 8.»§ 9.

45. Recusants disabled to nominate to Hospitals, 1 W. £5 M. C 26.

46. Reputed Papist refusing the oaths, to remove ten Miles from London, or be convict of Recusancy; except Tradesmen registering their Names, 15c. 1 W, 15 M. C 9..

47. Persons in Office to take the Test in six Months, 16 Geo. 2. C 30. §3.

48. Convictions of recusants excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52^ § 56.

So - other Matters, see <3ftfons ^opulilv, «jtmbaftadojs I. sipotbccatt', 1. Citique |5o?t6 5. Clerk of tlje fjeace 3. communication, ^felonp toithout Clergg, Title ipoptfl) isccufants, $onconfojmtfts, £datljs, f fapids, irome, streafon 42, e.

Exemption Of mcutpgeg. See Mortgage,

ectuflcitm,

1. To be punished by Imprisonment; and the Form of the pro cess, 20 II 3. C 3.

2. Not to be delivered without Fine, St. Marlel. 52 H. 3. C 8.

For other Matters, see uldmcafurement, 15c, Damages Double, 5.

Ecfmnce*

Referees of a Court shall not take Fees for their Report, 1 Ja'

1. C to.

For other Matter, see ^fccs 6.

ee0icfrc& See Attainder.

4

ibegitfcr,

Elcitf.

Religion.

3£egictet.

Ir Registers shall be kept of Marriages, Burials and chrificn i'ngs, 6 a7 W. 3. C 6. § 24, 7 A's W. 3. C 3;. § 5. 4 Ann.

C 12. § 10.

2. Register of Wills and Conveyances in the West Riding of Yorkshire, 2 A 3 Ann., C 4.

3. Copyholds, Leafeholds, and Inns of Court excepted, 2^3

Ann. C 4. § 1.6. 7 Ann. C 20. § 17.

4. Penalty of forswearing before Register, 2 Ann. C 4. § 19.

5. Penalty of forging Memorial, A(. 2 r. 4. § 19. 5 Ann.

C 18. § 8.

6. Register not to be a Member of Parliament, 2 Ann. C 4. %. 22.

7. Bargains and' Sales may be enrolled in the Register at Wakeful A, 5 Ann. C 18.

8. Deeds so enrolled shall be allowed as sufficient Evidence, 5

Ann. C 18. % 2. 8 Geo. 2. C 6.. § 22.

9. Judgments and Recognizances to be registered, 5 Ann. e. 18.

§ 4-

10. Payment of Mortgage Money to be registered, 5 Ann. C 18.

§ 10.

11. Register for the East Riding of Yorkshire, 6 Ann. C 35.

12.. Clauses in the Register for the Eaift Riding extended to the West Riding, 6 Ann. e. 35-§ 34.

13. A Register appointed for Middlesex, 7 Ann. C 20.

14. For the North Riding of Yorhjhire, 8 Geo. 2. C 6.

15.. In Case of Concealments of Wills, Purchaser not to be defeated, unless Will be registered in three Years after devifor's Death, 8 Geo. 2. C 6. § 17.

36. Bargains and Sales to be enrolled by the Register, 8 Geo. 2. C 6. § 21.

17. Deputy of the Chief Clerk of the king's Bench,, appointed a. Register for Middlesex, instead of the Chief Clerk, 25 Geo. 2. C 4.

48. Directions for keeping Register of all Parish Poor Infants within the Bills of Mortality, 2 Geo. 3. C 22.

For other Matters, see iburial, ^awtagt, $apfftl3, £)l)t£s.

s2.

See Forestallers and Leather. See Bankrupt, Forgery,

Eelfef.

1. Of Earls and Knights ascertained, Ml C 9 H. 3. C 2.

2. Of the Heir of him that holds of the King, as of an Honour, M. C g H. 3, C 31.

3. Of a free Soke man, 28 Ed. \ .Ji. 1. 12 Car. 2. C 24. § 5.

4. None is due on Executing an Estate by Virtue of 27 H. 8. 37 H. C to. § 12, 13.

eeugion.

1. The six Articles established, 31 H. C 14. 35 H. 8. C 5.

2. Commifiions to be granted concerning Religion, 32 H. 8.

15.

3. The Authority of the King and the Clergy in Matters of Faith,

32h.8.c.26. 34 A 35 11.8. C 1.

4. Repeal of the former actsrelating to Religion, led. 6. C 12. §3.

5. Images in Churches, Ac. to be destroyed, 3 bj 4 Ed. 6. C 10.

'6. Repeal of the several Acts of Ednv. VI 1 mar.ji. 2. a 2,

7. Preachers, Ac. to subscribe the Articles, 13 El. C 12.

8. Articles to be subscribed by Protestant Dissenting Teachers,

1 IV A M. C 18. ff 10.

9. Profession of Christian Belief to be subscribed by Quakers, 1 W. A M. C 18. § 13.

For other Matters, see ioiafpijciftf.', £l)uxcl), lubctt'tcs,

£>crbicc, irecufatus.

lleplehm.

jrcii&toug Petrous, $poufeg anti jktio?fljip.

See Churches, Ecclesiastical Courts, mona fteries, Nonconformists, Recusants, Service and Sacraments.

2scuttjllltiet0* See Posthumous Children

l&ememfyancetis.

1. To make Copies of Seizures and Inquisitions certified into their Offices, 13 A 14 Car. 2. <-. 21. § 4, 10.

2. And to inroll and certify to the Ingroffer of the great Roll such Debts as are chargeable upon Sheriffs, Ac. 13 A 14 Car, 2. C 21. § 6.

3. What their Sees, and how payable, 13 A 14 Car. 2. C 21. §4

For other Matters, see cletr Of tlje isciimubj3tuc,

Kent

1. The Executors of Tenants in fee simple, Ac. of Rents, shall have Debt or Distress for the Arrears, 32 H. 8. C 37.

2. Exception of Manors in Wales, 32 H. 8. C 37. § 2.

3. Husbands seized in Right of Wives, or Tenants fur autre vie, after the Death of the Wife or cejlui que vie, may distrain or have Debt for the Arrears, 32 H. 8. C 37. § 3.

4. Tenants shall not be prejudiced by Payment of Rent to a Grantor before Noticex of the Grant, 4 Ann. ei. § 10.

5. Goods liable to Distress, not to be taken in Execution without paying the Arrears, 8 Asm. C 14.

6. Action of Debt given for Arrears upon a Lease for Life, 8 Ann. C 14. § 4.

Tenants holding over after Demand, to pay double Rent, 4 Geo. 2, .£, 2s. Giving Warning, and not quitting, to pay double Rent, 11 Geo. 2. C 19. § 18.

8. Ejectment may be delivered where half a year's Rent is ar rear, 4 Geo. 2. C 28. § 2.

9. Not to bar Right of Mortgagee out of Possession, if he pay Arrears, Ac. 4 Geo. 2. C 28. § 2.

10. Lessee filing Bill for Injunction to pay Arrears into Court, 4 Geo. 2. C 28. § 3.

11. Distress given for Rents Seek, 4 Geo. 2. C 28. § J.

12. Crops growing may be distrained, 11 Geo, 2. C 19. § 8.

13. Where the Demise is not by Deed, the Rent may be recovered in an Aflion upon the Case, 11 Geo. 2. C 19. § 14.

14s At the Death of Tenant for Life, a proportionable Part of the Rent shall be. paid to the Executors, 11 Geo. 2, C 19.

§ S

13. Where the Tenants desert, the Landlords may be put ia Possession by the Justices of the Peace, 11 Geo. 2. C 19. § 16.

16. Arrears of Rent due from Farmers of Revenue excepted out general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. § 42.

For other Matters, see Calendar, Ceflhbit,

3dcbt, Ac. 26. idebt to the &ing 22. Ac. idlftrcfs, 4fce jfauusj Ac. jiliiuftatfong, ts^alt 9. Jfteplebiu, iumtre 9. fldfes.

j&eple&in.

1. Shall be made in Liberties by Sheriffs on Default of the Bailiffs, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 21.

2. The Penalty of refilling a Replevin, St. Weflm. 1. 3. Ed. 1. C 17.

3. A Lord diftrairiing for Services shall have a Pone to remove the Replevin, St. We flat. 2. 13 Edi. C 2. § 2.

4. The Sheriff shall take Security de averiis rstornandis, St. Wrjlm. 2. 13 Ed.). C 2. § 3.

5. The Tenant shall not have a second Replevin after Default,

but

Efot&

ircpteuhu echhencc.

but a Writ of fscond Deliverance, St. Westm. z. 13 Ed. 1. e. 2. § 3.

6. The Sheriff shall make four Deputies to grant Replevins, 1 & 2 P. & M. C 12.

7. On the Nonsuit of the Plaintiff, the Defendant may have a Writ of Inquiry, 17 Car. 2. C 7.

8. The Avowant may have Judgement to recover his Arrears to the Value of the Diltrefs, 17 Car. 2. C 7. § 3.

9. The Statute 17 Car, a. C 7. extended to Wales and the Counties Palatine, 19 Car. 2. C 5.

10. Replevin Bonds to be assigned to the Avowant, n Geo. 2. t. 19. § 23.

For other Matters, see sboldjr, dtflrcfs, Outlaftup 8.

jrcpo^f* See Reference.

3hcfmt. See Receipt.

Ecfctte. See Felony, Transportation. Ecfiticnce.

1. The king's Clerks attending their Duty, not obliged toreiide at their Benefices, Art. Cler. 9 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 8.

2. The Penalties of non residence, 21 H. 8. C 13. § 26. 28 H.

8. r. 13.

3. Chaplains of certain Judges, and of Attorney and Solicitor General, may be non resident, 25 H. 8. C 16.

4. Chaplains of great Officers may be non resident, 33 H. 8. C 28. § 2.

5. An Incumbent presented by the University to a recufant's Living, shall lose it by 60 Days Absence in a Year, 1 IV„ ts? M. C 26. § 6.

6. For the Provisoes in Favour of Chaplains, see Chaplains.

7. Where a Lease, Ifc. shall become void by non reiidence, see

Cccleffafttcal Courts.

For Other Matters, see hhfljops, dflplafu, lcafcs, siltlu bcrtlties,

kefitsentiatteg.

Their Rents how taxable, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 95. 33 Geo. 2, C 1.

§ 96. 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 99.

Ecftimptiom

r. Of certain Grants of Annuities, n R. 2. C 8.

2. Of Alignments upon the Revenues of Calais, 1 //. 5. C 9.

3. Of other Grants, 31 H. cy.

4. Of Grants to Queen Elizabeth Grey, 1 R. 3. C 13.

.3. Of Grants in Calais and Berwick, 32 H. 8. C 27.

6. Of Grants on the Surplus of the Excise, 5 W. & M. C 5.

§ 6.

For other Matters, see; pratlcl)ffc0.

ee&ftutfon*

How awardable for Money or Goods stolen, 21 //. 8. C n.

For other Matterfee jfojctblc cututt and see ubi^lcps 12. isobbcrp.

eekojatfon of Efns cfjavles tfje ^econn.

An Act for the perpetual Celebration of it, 12 Car. 2. C 14.

Eetttnt of

1. The Days to be given Dies communes in lanes, 31 IJ. t,. ft. 2,

2. A Roll 1‘hall be made of all Liberties having Return of Writs, St. Wsftm. 2. 13 Edi. C 39.

3. Damages to be given for returning larde falsely, St. Westm, 2.

13 Edt. e. 39. Extended to all false Returns, Artie, super Cartas, 28 Ed. 1. C 16. -

4. The Plaintiff may by Averment charge the Sheriff with greater Jffues, 5/. Weftm. 2. 13 Edi. C 39. Extended to Bailiffs of Liberties, 1 Ed. 3. ft.' 1. C 3.

5. Returns by Bailiffs of Franchises shall be by Indenture between the Bailiff and the Sheriff, Si. Ebor. 12 Ed. 2. ft. 1,

■ 5-

6. The Sheriff, fr. shall fet his Name to his Return, St. Ebor» 12 Ed. 2. ft. 1. C 5.

7. Processes in Cheshire and Lancajbire, may be returnable in the Vacation, 22 Geo. 2. C 46. § 35.

For other Matters, see hbailiflfe 5. cljcoer 16. jdarc fll

•313anfe6, 10, fsv. ^ftattcljifeg, Juries 33, £sy. ar

Lament 43, 43, the. .Sheriffs,

Ectunm of embers of parliament.

See Parliament.

Emmie belonging to tlje Elnff.

See Hereditary Revenue and King.

Eebcrfiom See Conditions, Error, Life Estates, Receipt, Recovery.

Ei'ce. -

1. To what Duties liable on Importation, 4^5 w.lft M. C 5.

§ 2-

2. Rice and Melaffes not to be brought into England, 3 £54 Ann. r. 5. §12.

3. 3 IA i Ann. concerning Rice, how far confirmed, 3 Geo. 2.

C 28. § 1.

4. May be carried from South Carolina, lac. to any Part of Arne rica Southward of the said Co'onies, 4 Geo. 3. C 27.

For other Matters, see. jmautcltiotlc,

efc&nioub fit Surrp.

Richmond Old Park, iftc. settled on Queen Charlotte for Life, z Geo. 3. e. 1.

iri'cijmorit! sit gojftcbfre*

Spiritual Persons in the Archdeaconry of Richmond, shall not exact Portions of deceased's Goods, 26 H. 8. C 15.

Eicljmonti anti Lenar (Dube.)

His Lease of the Aulnage of Draperies provided for, 11 & iz W. 3. C 20. § 2.

For other Matters, see Curiil ctltfus quae, c«ic(talji»

cal Courts.

efbestwle*

Process how to go on Murders there, 9 H. 5. C 7,

Eelns Being Ie jyatti.

, Such Challenge taken away, 7 H. 7. e. 3.

Eiot0.

1. Rioters to be committed without Bail, 2 R. 2. ft. 1. C 6. Re,, 2 R. f. 2. C 2.

2. Beginning an Insurrection made Treason, 5 R. 2, ft. 1, C 7.

3. The Sheriffs and other Officers may suppress R: ots with the Force of the County, and imprison the Rioter, 17 R. 2. C 8.

4. The Jdlices of Peace and Sheriffs may record Riots, and hear

and determine them, 13 H. 4. C 7. 19 H. 7. C 13.

5. Rioters

Efotsf.

Eobbctp,

j. Rioters to answer before the Council on the Certificate of the Justices, 13 H. 4. C 7. § 2.

6. Commissions to be awarded to inquire of Riots, and of the Behaviour of the Justices, 2 H. 5. C S.

7. Fugitive Rioters to be convict by Default of Appearance on a Proclamation, 2 H. 5. C 9. Made perpetual and enforced, 8

6. r. 14i

8. If a Riot be with 40 Persons, or thought heinous, the Justices

of Peace Shall certify the Record of the Conviction to the King and Council, 11 H, 7. C 7. 21 H. 8. C 20.

9. What Riots were made Treason and Felony, 3 ts? 4 Ed. 6. C 5.

I mar.ji. 2. r. 12. I El. C 16.

For other Matters, see 'sssjailtip ?2> C 34* : jfelo

rn'cs toitljout Clergi', Title isfot. juries 20 • lalajp 5. caoobst 12.

Eibcrs*

1. Shall not be put in Defence, but such, ifc. M. C 9 H. 3. C 16,

2. Where Salmon are shall be put in Defence from ladyday till Martinmas, St. Wejhn. 2.. 13 Ed. 1. C 47.

3. For preventing Robberies on the Severn, 8 H. 6. e. 27.

4. Destroying floodgates erected by Authority of Parliament, Transportation, 1 Geo. 2. C 19. § 2. Felony with Clergy, 8 Geo. 2. C 20.

5. Penalty on drawing Flood gates, 8 Geo. 2. C 20. § 2.

6. Air and Calder made navigable, to if 11 IV 3. C 19.

7. The Avon made navigable to Sa ijbury, 16 if 17 Car. 2. C 1 2.

8. For preserving the Rivers Avon and Froome, 11 if 12 W, 3,

C 23. 22 Gee. 2, C 20.

9. For regulating the Navigation of the Avon in warnuiafire, 24 Geo. 2. C 39.

10. Beverly Beck made navigable, 13 Geo. I', r. 4. 18 Geo. 2.

C 13.

11. The Rivers Brandon and pvaveney made navigable, 24 Geo.

2. C 12.

12. The Cam made navigable, 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 11,

13. River of Canterbury made navigable, 6 H. 8. C 17.

14. Navigation of the Clyde improved, and a light house erected on the Island of Little Cumray, 29 Geo. 2. C 20.

15. River from Cokhefter to ivi venhos made navigable, g if o

PV. 3. C 19. 5 G o. 1. C 31. 13 Geo, 2. C 30. 23 Gee. 2.

C 19.

16. The Dane made navigable, 7 Geo. 1. C 17.

17. The Forwent in derhyft.ire made navigable, 6 Geo. I. c■ 27.

18. For recovering the Navigation of the Dee, it if 12 IV 3.

C zj. 6'gio. 2. C 30, 14 Geo. C 8. 17 Geo. 2. C 28.

26 Geo. 2. C 33.

19. The Derwent in Yorkshire made navigable, 1 ann.ft. 1. r. 2c.

20. The Douglas made navigable, 6 Geo. 1. C 28.

21. The Dun made navigable, 12 G, o. 1. C 38, 13 G o. I. C

zo. 6 Geo. 2. C 9. 13 Geo. 2. C 11.

2?. The Eden made navigable, 8 Geo. t. C 14,

23. The Corporation of Exeter may break down Wears, ifc. in their River, 31 H. 8. C 4. For building a new Wear, on the Exe, 7 fa.!. C 19.

24. The Idle made navigable. 6 Gee. 3. C 30.

35. The Ivel made navigable, 30 Geo. 2. C 62.

26, The Kennet made navigable, 7 Geo. 1. C 8. 3 Geo, 2, C 35,

24 G o. 1. C 8. § 21.

27, The Larke rnrde navigable, II (ft 12 IV 3, C 2z.

28, The Chancel'or may grant Coinmiflions for Amendment of the River Lay, 3 H, 6. C 5. q H. 6. C 9.

29.. The City of London empowered to make the River Lee (or Lay) navigable, 13 EL C 18.

30. For improving the Navigation of die Lee, 12 Geo. 2. C 32.-

31. The Loyne made navigable, 23 G o. 2. C 12.

32* L ie Medway made navigable, 13 Gco. z. C 26*

33. The Mercy and Irwell made navigable, 7 Geo, j..c, 15,

34. The Nar made navigable, 24 Geo. 2. e. iq,.

35. The Nine or Nen made navigable, 11 Geo. l.c. 19.. 27 Geo.

2. C 12, 29 Geo, 2. C 69,

36. The Ouse in Hunting', onjhire made navigable, 6 Geo. 1, C 29..

37. The Navigation of the Ouze in Yorkshire improved, 23 H. 8-

C 18. 13 Geo. 1. C 33.

38. The Radon in Efjrx made navigable, 10 Geo. 2. C 33,

39. Sanltey Brook in Laneajbire made navigable, 28 Geo. z. C 8.

40. All Men shall have free Passage in the Severn, 9 H, 6. C 5,

19 H. 7. C 18. 23 H. 8. C 12. 26 11. 8. C 5.

41. For preserving the Fish in the Severn,; o Car, 2. C 9,

For Preservation of the Severn, see 'jib'ilrot,

42. The Slower made navigable from Maningtrce to Sudbury, 4. Ann. C 17.

43. St'oudwater made navigable, 3 Geo. 2. C 13.

44. The Lord Mayor shall have the Conservation in the breaches of the Thames, 4 11. 7. C 13,

43. Nufances in the Thames prohibited, 27 H. 8. C 18.

46. For Passage by Water from London to Oxford, 3 fa, t. r, 20.

47. The Thames to be made navigable from Bercot to Oxford, -21 fa. 1, C 32,

48. Exactions by the Owners of Locks upon the Thames, prohibited, 6 if j PV. 3, C 16. 3 Geo. 2. C il. 24 Geo. 2. C 8.

§ 2-

49. For Hopping Dagenham Breach in the 'Thame:, 12 Ann. Jl. 2.

C 17. 7 G, o. 1. C 20. § 32.

50. Commidioners appointed for regulating the Navigation of the Thames, 24 Geo. 2. C 8.

51. Fora Ferry cross the Thames, from Ratcliff to Rather hithe, 28 Geo, 2. C 4'.

52. The Tew made navigable torn. Taunton to Bridgewater, 10 If 11 PV. 3. C 8.

53. The Trent made navigable, lots' 11 PV. 3. C zo.

34. The Weaver made navigable, 7 Geo. 1. C io. 7 Geo. 2. C 28.

55. ' pvorftey Brook in Lancet fire made navigable, 10 Geo. 2. C 9.

56. The Rivers pvye and Lugg made navigable, 7 if 8 PV. 3.

C 14. 13 Geo. 1. C 34.

57. For restoring and maintaining the Navigation of the River pvitham in the County of Lincoln, 2 Geo. 3. C 32.

For other Matters, see ©jlfiol 4. catttsg? 8. Coin 11,

felonies toftljcut clergf, Tale jfloo5g3tcc3 ifc. jlcntioti, ffileats*

Eobbctp

1. The Hundreds shall answer if they do not produce the Robber within 40 Days, St. Winter, 13 Edict. 2. e. 2. 28 Ed.

3. r. n.

2. The Hundred not to be answerable to any that are robbed travelling on the Sunday, 2qcar. 2. C 7. § 3.

3. Reward for taking Highwaymen, and Pardon to Accomplices, 4 PV. if M.. e. 8.

4. Streets of London, ifc. to be deemed Highways, 6 Geo. 1. C

23. § 8. _

3. Adhults with intent to rob, puni(hed with transportation, 7 Gee. 2, C 21.

6. Regulations of Aflions against the Hundred for Robberies, S Geo. 2. C 16.

7. Hundred to pay 10/. to him who takes a Highwayman, so as to indemnify them, 8 Geo 2. C l6. § 9. — Proviso not to incapacitate such Person from being a Witness, ibid

s. Robberies, ifc. excepted out of general Pardon, zogc*. 2. C 52. § 1 f,,

Receivers of the land tax shall not sue the County for a Robbery unless there were three Perfoi s in Company cairying the Money, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § ' 1. 4 Go 3... 2. § 118..

Tor other Matters, fte Abatement 20. ^ppicljcr.tlffc 0?'

Jfclonc, -

**

Koine*'

&afe Contmcf*

eowjctp.'

ircloitis, ©lergp, ©tffcifftt 2. jlfclcnt'es tottf) not toitl) -- out ©ictgp, Title isobberp. hue atto ©rp, !§imt)jc&, 31tclanb, il^crcijatuc 6. Cranfyojtatton, Jltales.

ftacfjeffet anti Kocljeftee

Oyfler fiihery in the Medway how regulated by the Corporation of Rochefer, 2 Geo. 2. C 19.

For other Matters, see ©jitigec, Opftctfi.

Kocijeftci* (iffancfsf, loti 'b(fl)op)

Subjefted to Pains and Penalties, 9 Geo. 1. C 17.

&0c&ctgi See Fire.

eotk ait See Salt.

koijuejj. See Vagrants.

e.oll£. See Records.

Some

1. The King and the great Men to aid one another in prosecuting such as sue to Rune, .38 Ed. 3.7?. 2. C 4.

2. None shall pay more for Firll fruits, than was anciently paid, on Pain of general Forfeiture, 6 H. 4. C I.

3. All Dependance on the See of Rome abolished, 24 H. 8. e. 12.

25 H. 8. C ig if 20. 28 H. 8. C 16.

4. Appeals to Rome prohibited, 25 H. 8. C 19.

5. Bishops presented by the King may be consecrated by an arch bishop, or two Bishops, 25 H. 8. C 20. § 1,

6. No Firstfruits, £ffc. to be paid to Rome, 25 H. 8. C 20. § 3.

7. Peter Pence andother Impositions payable to Rome, abolished, 25 H. 8. C 2t.

8. The Penalty of suing to Rome for Dispensations, 25 U, 8. C 21.

§ 22.

g. The effect of Bulls granted to Monasteries, 25 h.s.c.21. §23, ye.

10. Every Person to abjure the Bishop of Rome, on Pain of High Treason, 28 H. 8. C iq.

11. Former Bulls from Rome, void, 28 H. 8. C 16.

12. Repeal of all Statutes made against the See of Rome since 20'

H. 8. 1 if 2 P. & M. C 8.

13. The Penalties of bringing Bulls, Agnus Dei, ifc. from Rome, 13 EL C 2.

14. Concealing Bulls Misprision of Treason, 13 El. C 2. §

15. Withdrawing any to the Romish Religion, or being withdrawn, High Treason, 23 El. C I.

16. The Penalty of saying or hearing Mass, 23 El. C 1. §4.

17. Jesuits and Priests banished, 27 EL C 2.

18. A Popish Priest, born a Subject, being within the Realm, Treason, 27 El, C 2. § 3.

19. Subjects in Popish Seminaries Abroad not returning, guilty oftreafon, 27 El. C 2. §

zo. Sending Relief to Popish Seminaries prohibited, 27 El. C 2. § 6.

21. The Penalty of not discovering a Jefuii or Priest, 27 EL C 2. § 13-

for other Matters, fa 3bfolutloh, 3hhbotofott 8. <£rcclc=

fitutical Courts, ifc. &itig, sdbligation i. $apifl: s, jjjtjemutttre, pjobifojs, ikecufants, ©rcafou,

open.

Old ones may be imported duty free, n Gee. j. C 7. § 10.

Eopal Change ants lonuon shttttaiice.

See Iniurance.

Kufiia Company;

Koyffoit.

The Town reduced; to one Parish, 32 //. 8. C 44.

‘bojfn*

1. In what Ships to be imported, 12 Car. C 18. §8.

2. The Importaiion of it from the Netherlands, or Germany, how prohibited, 13 if 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 23.

3. Rozin to what Duties liable on Importation, 4 W. if M. e. 5.

§ z

4. The bringing it from scot!and\iow rewarded, xzann.jl. 1.

&ttbte£.

May be imported duty free, 6 Geo. 2. C 7.

Jalint. See Brandy, Plantations.

Ktuinettf of jfo?e(n; it <$ooti£.

Who may be deemed so, and how punished, 8 Gea. j. C 13. $ 6m Far other Matter, see ©uftoiltg.

See Candles.

Kttflia anti ftuflia Company.

1. Goods of the Growth or Manufacture of rujjta not to be imported but in English Shipping, ifc. 12 Car. 2. C 18. ■§ 8, 9.

2. Any of his majesty's Subjects to be admitted into the Rufeia Company, 1 o if 11 W. 3. C 6.

3. Account of Stores imported to be laid before Parliament, 10 if 11 W. 3. C 6. § 4.

4. Trade opened to p.erjia through rufp.a, 14 Gee. 2. C 36,

For other Matters, see jsi>l)|*p5, isptlr.

Etitlanb.

The Statute of Rutland, 10 Ed, 1.

K]J0. See Harbours.

a

©abbatlj* See Holy days, ^aaament. See Service and Sacraments, ©actllege* See Clergy.

See Shoemakers.

g>afe Contws*

t. Breaking of Safe Conduct High Treason, 2 H. 5. fl. 1. C 6. Repealed, 20 H. 6. C 11.

2. There shall be a Conservator of Peace and Safe Conduct in

every Port, 2 H. C .Jl. 1. r. 6. 29 H. 6. C 2.

3. Safe Conduct not to be granted without naming the Ships,

Matters, cfc. 15 H. 6. C 3. 18 H. 6. C 8.

4. All Letters of Safe Conduct shall be enrolled, 20 El. 6. C 1.

5. The Chancellor shall redress Persons having Safe Conduct who are robbed at Sea, 31 H. 6. C 4.

6. Confirmation of Statutes against Breakers of Truce, 14 Ed. 4.

r. 4.

For other Matters, see £$crcl; aius, ctucc flsjeafects.

isjail

©amlotjj.

Salmon

Salt.

snmlctij.

I. Directions for the true making of Mildernix and Powledavies,

J fa. L a. 24.'

st. British Sail cloth to be encouraged by the Commissioners of the Navy, 7 £5" 8 W. 3. C 10. § 14.

3. British Sail cloth may be exported free, 7 8 W". 3. C 39. —

A Duty on foreign Sail cloth, and a Eounty on British Sail cloth exported, 12 ann.ji. 1. C 16. 10 Geo. 2. C 27. § 5.

19 Gaa. 2. a. 27. 27 Gra. 2. a. 18. § 6.

4. No Drawback on foreign Sail cloth re exported, 4 Gaa. 2. a.

• 27. § 3-

5. Additional Bounty on British exported, 4 Gao. 2. C 27. § 4.

6. Directions for the malting and marking Sail cloth, 9 Geo. 2.

C 37. 24 Gao. 2. a. 52. § 3.

7. Matters of Ships to make Entry of their foreign Sails, 9 Geo. 2. a. 37. §1.

8. New Ships to have a Suit of Sails of British Cloth, 9 Geo. 2.

a. 37. § 4. 19 Geo. 2. C ■2.7. § 11.

9. Weight and Measure of British Sail cloth, 9 Geo. 2. C 37.

§ 6.

10. Duty on foreign made Sails, 19 Geo. 2. C 27. 26 Geo. 2. C

Z

n. Sails From the East Indies excepted, 19 Gao. 2. a. 27. § 4.

12. The Bounty on Sail cloth exported, to be made good out of the old Subsidy applicable to Incidents, 23 Geo. 2. a. 21. § 26. 26 Geo. 2. 'a. 32. § 9. 27 Geo. 2. a. t8. § 8.

- 13. A Duty on Irish Sail cloth imported, 23 Geo. 2. a. 32.

14. The Bounties charged on the oldsubfidy, 26 Geo. a. 32. § 9.

15. The Duties on Sail cloth continued to 29th September 1771, 4 Geo. 3. a. II

©m'nt <s5eo?ges $ano&et Equate.

To be charged to the land-tax as a distinct Parish, 4 Geo. 3, a.

2. § 76.

©afot ckfejs llttljc See Churches.

Saint 3[attteg'0 Square. See Paving.

@aint rat&atfne Cree Cijutctj. See Churches.

s&afnt gftotffawt'ss qmmfaffec* See

Churches.

Saint ^attitt le ©janh*

The Rights of the Dean of the Chapel of Saint Martinis Grand preserved, 3 Ed. 4. a. 4. § 6.

Saint ie Sttaiffl. See Churches. Saint s^atp sttatfogtl* See Churches. Sai'llt 02hcoiltotfj. See Churches. Saint ^ellcljacfjsl €o?nijiii. See Churches. Saint lifcfoolas deptfojti. See Churches. Saint pauvss. See Paul's and Churches. Snlatfeg.

How taxable, ga. 3. a. 2. § 3 fcf 29.

, vol.ix. Tab.

• • salfe&titp.

1, Direffiions for paving and lighting the Streets, 10 Gao. 2. a. 6.

2. For the tquehing and marking of Silver there, see

Sainton.

1. The Punishment of taking Salmon in Time of Defence, St wejim. 2. 13 Edi. a. 47.

2. Young Salmon shall not be taken in Mill Pools, from the Middle of April to Mtdfummer, St. ivefim. 2. 13 Edt. a. 47.

3. The Chancellor shall take erder for the Buying and Selling of Stock Fifn of St. boto/ph, and Salmon of Berwick, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 2. a. 3.

4. No Nets shall be used that may take the Brood of Salmon or other Fish, r fi. 1. a, 19.

5. The Rivers in Lancashire shall be put in Defence from Michaelmas to Gandlemas, 13 R. 2.JI. I. a. 19.

6. Conservators of these Statutes shall be appointed, 13 R. 2. jl.

I. a. 19.

7. The Justices of Peace shall be Conservators of these Statute,

I y R. 2. a. 9.

8. The Contents of Barrels of Salmon, Herrings and Eels; with

Rules for their Package, 22 Ed. 4. a. 2. 11 H. 7. a. 23. 5

Geo. 1. a. is. § 15.

9. Taking the Fry of Salmon and Eels, prohibited, 25 II 8. a. 7.

10. Salmon not to be taken out ofseafon, 1 El. a. 17. § 1.

11. No Salmon, (Ac. taken by Foreigners, shall be imported, 18 Car. 2. C 2. § 2.

12. Drawbacks on Salmon exported, 5 W. & M. a. 7. § 10. 9

& 10 IV 3. a. 44. § 18.

13. Occupiers of Mills to keep Hatch open for Salmon to pass, 4^5 Ann. a. 21. § 5.

14. For preserving the Salmon Fisheries in the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, 4 arna, 21. 1 Geo. 1. a. 18. §11 & 14.

15. Salmon not to be taken in the Thames between 24 Atigufi and

II November, 9 Ann. C 2 6. § 2.

16. Filhmongers prohibited to buy Salmon under 6 lb. Weight, 1 Geo. 1. a. 18. § 15.

17. Salmon may be taken in the Ribble between 1 Jan. and 15 Sept. 23 Geo. 2. C 26. § 7.

For other Matters, see Inertings, ihtbets,

Salt.

1. A Duty of an Halfpenny per Gallon on Salt brought out of Scotland, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. a. 11. § 38.

2. Salt for the Filhcries in ni<w England and Newfoundland, in what Ships to be laden, 15 Car. 2. a, 7. § 7.

3. The Duty of 1 d. cb. per Bushel imposed, 5 W. (A M. a. 7.

4. The Duties to be within the Receipt of Commissioners of the. Excise, 5 W. & M. a. 5.

3. Price of Salt to be fet by the Justices, 5 IF. (A M. C 7. § 12. 9 fd 10 IV 3. a. 44. § 39.

6. The Duty on Salt made perpetual, 7 (A 8 W. 3. a. .31.

7. Salt to be sold by Retail by Weight, at 56 lb. the Bushel, 7 (A.

8 W. 3. a. 31. § 44. 9 & 10 IF. 3. a. 6.

5. seventy-five Pounds of Rock Salt to be deemed a Bushel, 10

(A 11 IF. 3. a. 22. § 2.

9. sixty-five Pounds of Rock Salt to be deemed a Bushel, 1 Ann. f. 1. a. 21. § 9.

10. eighty-four Pounds of foreign Salt to be deemed a Bushel, 1 Ann. Jl. I. a. 2 I. §, 6.

11. Price of Salt to be settled at the Quarter sessions, 7 (A 8 IF.

3. a. 31. §92.

12. The additional Duty imposed, 9 (A 10 IF. 3. a. 44. V

13. Regulat ons for securing the Duty, 1o ta 11 IF. 3. a. 22.

I ann.f, 1, a,. 21. 2 (A 3 Ann. a. 14.

14. Salt Works to be entered, t am.fi. i. C 21.

T __ 15. Officers

alt. ©nnauatp

15. Officers may enter Ships hovering on the Coasts, 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 21. § 7.

lb. No Home made Salt to be imported from Ireland, Scotland or Man, ztf 3 Amu C 14.

17. Drawback on exporting to Scotland, Man, jet fey or Guernsey,

2 fa? 3 Ann. C 14. $ 9.

18. Drawback to be allowed for Salt lost at Sea, in Exportation to Ireland, 4 Ann. C 12. § 11,

19. Foreign Salt to be cellared and delivered upon Payment of Duty, 5 Ann. C 29.

20. Waste Allowance on Salt carried coastwise, 5 Ann. C 29. § 4.

6 Am, C t2.

21. Farther Time for paying the Duty on Salt, 5 Ann. C 29.

§ 5-

22. " Allowance on White Herrings exported, 5 Ann. C 29. § 6.

6 Ann. C 12.

23. On Beef and Pork exported, 5. Ann. C 29. § 8.

24. Drawback on Salt exported to Ireland, 5 Ann. C 29, § 13,

'‘4*

25. Directions for the Drawbacks on Salt Fish and Flesh exported from Scotland, 7 Ann. C 11. § 10.

26. Duty on Rock Salt exported to Ireland, 9 Ann. C 23. § 44. — Made perpetual and Part of General Fund, 3 Geo. j. C 7.

27. Drawback on Salt exported for the Curing of Fish taken in the North Seas or at Ifeland, 12 Ann, ft. 2. C 2.

28. Penalty on uftng Brine for curing Flesh, (Ac. 5 Geo. 1. C 18. §17.

29. Foreign Salt shipped for the Voyage and not confirmed, to be entered, 3 Geo. 1. C 18. § 18.

30. Proprietors of Salt Works not to act as Justices, 5 Geo. i. C 18. § 10.

31. Regulations for the importing Scon Salt, 5 Geo. I. C 18.

§ 20.

32. Power given to the Officers of Customs and Salt, to search any Ship, 5 Geo. 1. C 18. § 22.

33. Regulations for the Exportation of Salt, 3 Geo. 1. C 18.

§ 23-. ...

34. Penalty on landing foreign Salt before Entry, 4 Geo. 1. C 18.

§ 5m

33. Salt for curing Red Herrings to be delivered Duty free, and a Duty laid on Herrings cured for, home Consumption, 8 Geo.

I. C 4, -

36. The like for White Herrings, 8 Geo. 1. e. 16.

37. Provision for Rock Salt used in curing Fish, 8 Geo. 1. C 16.

§ 6.

38. Proprietor delivering over Salt received for curing Fish, to prove that it was used in curing Fish, 11 Geo. I. C 30. §41.

39. Salt may be imported in British Ships from any Part of Europe into Penfylvania, 13 Geo. 1. C 5.

40. And into New York in America, 3 Geo. 2. C 12.

41. The Duties on home made Salt taken off, 3 Geo. ze. 20. —

Revived, 5 Geo. 2. e. 6. 7 Geo, 2. C 6. 8 Geo. 2. C 12.

• 14 Geo. 2. C 22. 18 Geo. 2. C 5.

42. Foreign Salt to be imported in Ships of 40 Tonnes, 3 Geo. 2, C

20. ■§ 17.

43. The Distance of Refineries of Rock Salt from the Pits to be estimated according to computed Miles, 8 Geo. 2. C 12. § 2.

44. Security to be given on receiving foreign Salt for the Fishery, 8 Geo. 2. C 12. § 3.

43. Servants in Scotland not to be paid their Wages in Salt, 8 Geo. 2. C iz, § 4.

46. Rock Salt may be used to strengthen the Brine for Sea Salt at Neath in Glamorganfhirey 14 Geo..2. C 22. § 19.

47. The Salt Duties made perpetual and carried to the Sinking Fund, 26 Geo. 2. C 3.

48. Where Salt is lost before Exportation, the Security for the Duty shall be vacated, 26 Geo. 2. rv32. § 6.

49. The Time for proving the Loss of Salt enlarged to two Years, 26 Geo. 2. C 32. § 7.

3

©cantifllum $9npatttm.

50. Salt may be imported from any Part of Europe to Nova Scotia,

2 Geo. 3. C 24.

51. May be imported from Europe into ftucbcc in America, 4 Geo. 3. r. 19.

For other Matters, see cfttiojavi, Cojtl 15. jrify, Ijeix ring, $etoca(he 3. plantations 28. jsjcotlstrti.

alt jpetre.

1. What Quantity to be delivered yearly into the Royal Stores,

1 ann.ft. i.'c. 12. § 113.

2. King may prohibit the Exportation of it, 29 Geo. 2. C 16. II

For other Matters, see ftpunpoidhct.

©ni&nge.

t. Of Goods thrown upon the Coast to be settled, 27 Ed. ft. 2, C 13.

2. The Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports to appoint Persons to adjust Salvage of Anchors, 3 Geo. 1. r. 13. § 6.

3. Stranded Goods to pay Duties, 5 Geo. 1. C 11. § 13.

4. Of Goods retaken from Enemies, 13 Geo. 2. C tf. § 18. 17

Geo. 2. C 34. § 20.

5. Saving Ships in Distress, or Goods, entitled to Salvage, 26 Geo. 2. C ig. § 5.

6. Salvage of Ships retaken, 29 Geo. 2, c■ 34. § 24.

For other Matters, see cutccb,

Smiffuarp.

1. How those who fly to Churches shall be kept, Art. Cler. 9 Ed,

2. ft. 1. C 10. 22 H. 8. C 14. 32 II 8. C 12.

2. A Clerk flying to a Church for Felony, shall not be compelled to abjure the Realm, Art. Cleri, 9 Ed. 2. ft. I. C 15.

3. Execution shall be had against the Goods of Persons in privileged Places, notwithstanding fraudulent Dilpofitions, 2 R. 2. ft. 2. C 3. •

4. A Sanctuary Man abjured to be burnt in the Thumb, 21 H. 8. C 2.

5. Plea of foreign Sanctuary how to be tried, 4 H. 8. C 2. 22

II 8. C 2.

6. Sanctuary .taken away from Offenders in High Treason, 26

H. 8. C 13.

7. Rules for the ordering of Sanctuary Men, 27 H. 8. C 19. 32

H. 8. C 12.

8. Chester to be a Sanctuary instead of Manchester, 33 H 8. C Jjv

9. Sanctuaries taken away, 21 Ja. 1. C 28. § 7.

©apfjoja.

To what Duties liable on Importation, 2 W. fa m.fejf. 2. C 4; § 46* '

See Guernsey.

Sarfapati'na.

May be imported from the American Plantations, far, if of the Growth of America, 7 Ann. C 8. § 12.

@ca!c=fraatti£. See Paper.

0cautialum agnatum.

False News, whereby Discord may grow between the King and his People, or the great Men, far., to be punished by imprisonment, St. Weftm. 1.. 3 Ed. 1. r. 34. 2 R. 2. ft. 1. C 5.

12 R. 2. C 11. L fa 2 PAA M. C 3. 1 EL C 6.

scat&o^uglj. See Harbours.

jakathigc.

^cijooiis;

£$cot!(uitit

Seattle, ' or ^ctjcluage.

The taking it prohibited, unless by the City of London, 19 11, 7. C 8.

€>cafiensei%

r. Their Duty, C 2 W. L m.jl. 2. C 8. § 9.'

2. How appointed in Towns, 1 Geo. I. ft. 2. C 52. § 9, 9 Geo.

2. C 18. § 3.

3. For Scavengers in London, see li)igi; tdaps, j3itbing, lac,

©cljlfut* See Heresy, Nonconformists. Bcljaolg.

1. None shall keep a Schoolmaster, or teach School, without the

bishop's Licence, 23 El. C j. § 6 sf 7. 1 Ja. ic. 4. § g

13 y 14 Car. 2. C 4. § 11.

2. A Grammar School erected at Northleech in Gkucejlershire, 4 Ja. I. C 7.

3. Qualifications of Schoolmasters and Chaplains in Scotland, tg Geo, 2. C 39. § 21.

4. Mailers and Uihers of Schools exempt from the land-tax in respect of their Stipends, 30 Geo. 2. C 3. § 22.

For other Matters, see ^oucoufojmifts 8. £>iuf)3 37.

^aptoe 9. isccufants 12, (Ac. Jpcotlaitb.

8>nte ifacfag*

May be had on a Judgement after the Year, St. Wejlm. 2. 13 Ed.

1. C 43.

For other Matters, see 6. costs 20. dcjccclu

tion, Limitations, lftecocjm'3anccs 9. 1.

@>cot(an5i.

I. Merchandise of the Staple not to be carried into Scotland, 27 Ed. 3. Ji. '2. C 12.

e. Carrying Arms and Victuals into Scotland prohibited, 7 R. 2. C 16.

3. Except to Berwick, 15 R. z.c. 7. Repealed, 4 Ja. 1. C I.

4. Merchandise carried to or from Scotland, Shall be customed at Berwick or Carlijle, 22 Ed, 4. C 8.

5. Scotsmen not made Denizens, warned to depart the Realm, 7 H. 7. C 7. Repealed, 4 Ja. 1. C 1.

6. Selling Horses into Scotland made Felony, 2$H.S.£. 16. 32

H. 8- r. 6. 1 El. C 7. Repealed, 4 Ja. 1. C 1.

7. Commissioners appointed to treat with Scotland, 1 Ja. ic. 2.

3 Ja. I. C 3.

8. Repeal of thehoilile Laws, 4 Ja. 1. C it

g. Felonies committed in Scotland'by Englishmen, to be tried in the Northern Counties, 4 Ja. 1. C 1. § 23, (Ac.

10. Englishmen committing Felonies in Scotland to be sent thither,

7 Ja. l.c. I.

ji. Pacification between England and Scotland, ' 16 Car. 1. C 17.

12. Corn, Sais and Fish, may be imported from Scotland, 12

'■ Car. 2. C ■ 1 8. § l6.

13. Commissioners appointed to settle the Intercourse of Trade

between England and Scotland, 19 Car. 2. C 13. 22 Geo. 2.

C 9-

14. Commissioners appointed to treat of the Union, lann.jl. 1.

C 14. 3 y 4 Ann. C 7.

13. Reilraints on the Subjects of Scotland, 3 bf 4 Ann. C 7. Re j pealed, 4^5 Ann. C 3.

16. Articles of the Union with Scotland, 5 Ann. C 8.,

17. Acts anent Peace and War, repealed, 6 Ann. C 2.

18. For improving the Union, 6 Ann. C 6. 7 Ann. C 21.

Ale.

Method prescribed for granting Licences to retail Ale, (Ac. in 3

Scotland, 29 Geo. 2, C 12. § 10, (Ac,

Arms,

1. Arms in the Cuilody of suspected Persons may be seized, t Geo. 1. C 20. § 10.

2. For disarming the Highlands, 1 Geo. 1, C 54, 11 Geo. a Ct

26. 19 Geo. 2. C 39. 21 Geo, 2. C 34,

3. Sterlinsjhire included, 26 Geo, 2. C 22. § 2.

4. The Use of the Highland Dress reilrained, 19 Geo. 2. C 39, '

§ 17, 20 Geo. 2, C 31. 21 Geo. 2. C 33. § 7.

3, The Acts for disarming the Highlands extended to particular Parts of the Shire of Stirling, 26 Geo, 2. C 29.

Bail.

Bail in criminal Prosecutions increased, 11 Geo. a C 26. § ta

Bent.

Penalty of cutting Bent in Scotland, 15 Geo. 2. C 33. § g.

Brandy.

Aqua Vitcs excepted from Duties, g Geo, 2, C 23. § 22. 19 gc«i 2. C 12. § 27. 24 Geo. 2, C 40. § 26,

Bread.

Regulations to prevent Adulteration thereof, 3 Geo, 3. C 6.

• Calendar.

Courts of Session and Exchequer, and Markets, (Ac. not to be continued according to new Calendar, 24 Geo» 2. C 23. §4.

Coals.

1. Carried from Stirling to Dunbar exempt from Duties, 8 Alii,

C 4. § 30. 9 Ann. C 6. § 10.

2. Exported to Ireland liable to same Duties as (tom England, 9 Ann, C 22. § 90.

Conjuration.

The Aft entitled Ancntis Witchcraft repealed, 9 Geo, 2. C 5»

§ 2.

Corn.

a Power given to the Judges to suspend prohibitory Laws, 14 Geo. 2. C 7.

2. Debenture on Corn exported payable in three Months, 26 Geo.

2. C 15. § 9.

Courts.

1. The Attendance of the Nobility upon the Circuit Courts, discharged, 8 Ann, C 16.

2. Diredlions for criminal Proceedings before Justices of Peace,

8 Ann. C 16.

3. The Act discharging the Yule Vacance repealed, 10 Ann. C ' 13. This Act repealed, 1 Geo. i'.jt, 2. C 28.

4. The Salaries of the Judges charged upon the Customs and Excise, 10 Ann. C 26. § 108.

5. Circuit Courts to be held once a Year, 10 Ann. C 33,

6. For the Trial and Admission of the Lords of Scffions, 10 Geo,

1. C 19.

7. Court of Session may adjourn in December, 3 Geo. 2. C 32.

8. Csurt of Session adjourned on Account of the Rebellion, 19 Geo. 2. C 7.

9. Regulations of the sheriff's Courts, zo Geo. 2. C 43. § 29.

ic. Of the Circuit Courts, 20 Geo. 2. C 43. § 31. 21 Geo. z.

C 19. § 13.

11. Advocation of Causes under 12i. Value discharged, 20 Geo,

2. C 43. § 38.

1 2. The Judges Salaries augmented, 32 Geo. 2• C 33. § 22.

13, Judges empowered to make Adjournments, 2 Geo', 3. C 2j.

Criminals.

1. Ferfons who fet Woods on Fire to be punished as wilful fire raifers, 1 Geo. 1. C 48. § 4.

2. Capital or Corporal Punishment not to be inflicted till 30 or 40 Days after the Sentence, 11 g‘o. 1. C 26. § 10. Corporal Punishment may be inflicted after eight or twelve Days, 3 Geo.

2. C 32. ^ 2.

3. Afieflments maybe made for the Charges of Criminal Prosecutions, 11 Geo. 1, C 26. § 12.

T 2 Cujlomt,

Scotland

Scotfano;

Cujlomt. J

1. Laws of the Customs extended to Scotland, 6 Amt, C 26, § 17.

2. The Crown may appoint further Ports for the landing of Goods,

, 6 Ann, C 26, § 18,

3. For a Treaty with the Proprietors of sugar.hotifes, 1 Geo, 1. C

19. § 19-

4. The Privileges of the sugar houses purchased, 8 Geo, 1. C 4.

§6' '

Sec Cuftotnis.

Edinburgh,

1. A Duty of two Pennies Scots on Ale, (Ac. granted to the Town, continued for 19 Years, 3 Geo, 1. C 5,

z.'the Duties extended, (Ac. 9 Geo. r. C 14. 25 Geo. 2. C 9.

3, Petty Port Customs described, 1 Geo. 2, C 22.

4. Regulations for improving the City, 26 Geo. 2. C 36,

Equivalent.

rko equivalent Debentures to be ilopped, 3 Geo. 1. C 14.

Evidence.

1. Method of taking Evidence in Writing in Cases not Capital taken away, 21 Geo. 2. C 19. § 7,

2v Evidence of Offenders admitted in Trials for Theft of Cattle, 21 Geo. 2. C 34.

Exchequer.

1. New Court of Exchequer constituted, 6 Ann. C 26.

2. ifhitfun'ide and Lammas Terms, when to begin and end, 7 Atm. C 15.

fxci/e,

What Duty shall be paid on Scotch twopenny Ale, 8 Ann. C 7. §3

Excommunication.

'No'forfeiture incurred by an Excommunication by the Church Judicatories, to Ann. C 7. § 10.

Ftjhery. ■ •

1. Commissioners to be appointed for applying Part of the Equivalent for the Improvement of the Fisheries and manufactures,

1 3 Geo. 1. C 30.

2. Penalty of killing Lobsters on the Coast of Scotland in Spawning Time, 9 Geo. 2. C 33. § 4.

3. Encouragement given to Fishery in Scotland, 29 Geo. 2. C 23.

; Forfeited fjlates.

1. .Heretabie Jurisdictions, (Ac. forfeited, annexed to the Crown,

I Geo. I. C 50. §31.

2. Vested in the King, 20 Geo. 2. C 41.

■'3. Forfeited Estates in Scotland annexed to the Crown, unalienably, 25 Geo. 2. C 41.

4. The Crown enabled to purchase Superiorities in Scotland, 25 Geo. 2. C 41. § 7.

5. Rents of forfeited Estates in Scotland to be applied to the im -- proving the Highlands, 25 Geo. 2. C 41, § 14.

6. Parishes may be divided in the forfeited Estates, 25 Geo. 2.

C 4' § zv

7. When Claims on the Earony of Strowan are to be entered, 26 Geo. 2. C 29.

8. Court of Seffton to determine Claims of Creditors, • 31 Geo. 2. C 16.

9. Proviftons for Relief of Vassals of Estates annexed to the Crown, 2 Geo. 3. C 17.

, • Funds.

■certain yearly Funds payable in Lieu of Equivalents settled by Treaty of Union, 5 Geo. 1. C 20. 23 Geo. 2. C 21.

Game,

j, Penalty of having Game without Leave of qualified Person, 24 Geo. 2. C 34.

2. Season for killing Game, 1 Geo. 3. C 21,

Habeas Corpus.

Persons having committed any capital Offence in Scotland', may be lent thither for Trial, 31 Car. 2. r, 2. § 16.

Highways.

1. Laws concerning the Highways before the Union, confirmed, 5 Geo. 1. C 30.

2. Additional Toll on Wagons drawn by four Horses, 32 Geo,

Surveyors in Scotland to view Houses, (Ac. 21 Geo. 2. C 10. sequent, 26 Geo, 2. C 17.

&

yurifdislions.

The heretabie Jutifdiflions resumed, 20 Geo. 2. C 43. 21 Geo.

2. C 19. 28 Geo, 2. C 7.

jujliciary,

1. Method of exhibiting criminal Informations before the Lords of Justiciary, 8 Ann. C 16. § 4.

2. Circuit Courts to be kept burr once a Year, 10 Ann. C 33.

3. Judges indemnified for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746, 19 Geo. 2. C 39.

King.

1. Heirs of Tailzie, CSV. empowered to sell to the Crown, 20 Geo. 2. C 5 r.

2. The annual Revenues of Scotland continued, 1 Geo. 3. C r. §8. '

Linen.

1. Length and Breadth of Scotch Linen, (Ac. 10 anne. 21.

2. No Person to import bad Lintseed, 13 Geo. 1. C 26. 24 geo z. r. 31.

3. Stamp Master not to stamp Linen before taking the Oath of Office, 18 Gto 2. C 24.

4. Encouragement given to the Manufaflures of linens in the Highlands, '26 Geo. 2. C 20.

* ' " Malt. < '*

1. The Malt tax to be deducted out of the Price of Ale, mentioned in the seventh Article of the Union, 12 Geo. 1. C 4 § 62.

2. Perpetual Duty on Malt, (Ac. 33 Geo. 2. C 7. § 1, 14. Cyder for Distilling, and for private Use, exempt, ibid. § 11 (A 23,

Manufactures.

Offences in seducing Artificers to be tried in Court of Justiciary or Circuits, 5 Geo. 1. C 27. § 5.

Marriages.

The Marriage Aft not to extend to Scotland, .26 Geo. 2. C 33, -§18.

* Minijlers.

1. To what Rates Ministers, Heads of Colleges, (Ac. shall be subject, 17 Geo. 1. C 11.

2. Ministers may choose to which of the four yearly Rates they will be subject, 22 Geo, 2, C 21.

Money.

Part of Coinage Duties appropriated to pay Salaries of Officers of the Mints in Scotland, (Ac. 7 Ann. C 24. § 3.

Nonconformijls.

1. Episcopal Congregations to be protected, 1 o Ann. C 7.

2. Ministers to pray for the King, (Ac. 10 Ann. C 7. § 11. 9

Geo. 1. C 29.

3. Sheriffs, (Ac. to inquire of episcopal Meetings, 19 Geo. 2. C

38. 21 Geo, 2. C 34.

Oaths.

Persons in Office to take the Oath of Abjuration, (Ac. 6 Ann, C 14. 8 Ann. C 15. 10 Ann. C 2. 10 Ann. C 7. 1 Geo. I.

C 13. I Geo. I. C 20. 5 Geo. 1. C 29. 19 Geo. 2. C 39. 20 Geo. 2. C 43. 21 Geo. 2. C 34.

Outlawry.

Proceedings in Outlawry for Treason, 22 Geo. 2. C 48.

Papists.

1. The Power of punishing trafficking Papists given to the Lords of Justiciary, jz Ann, ft. 2, (. 14. § 12,

2, The

cotton

Seal.

©enrnen

z. The Ad i W. If M. e. 15. for difarmingpapius, extended to Scotland, 1 Geo. I. C 20.

Parliament.

1. How the 16 Peers are to be elected, 6 Ann. C 23.

2. Regulations of Elections of Members of the House of Commons, 12 Ann, Jl. 1. C 6. j Geo. 2. C 16. 16 Geo. 2. C M.

3. Penalty of Town Counsellors separating from the Majority at

the annual Elections of Magiftraces, 7 Geo. 2. C 16. § 6. 16

Geo. 2. C 11. § 22.

Patronages.

1. Right of Patrons reilored, 10 Ann. C 12.

2. Jus Devolutum not staid by Presentation of a Person not qualified, 5 Geo. 1. C 29. § 8.

Poj tiding.

Directions for Officers poynding Goods, 20 Geo. 2. C 43. § 28.

Prisons.

1. Regulations of Prisons in Scotland, 20 Geo. 1. C 43. § 18.

2. His majesty's Sorts lawful Prisons, 21 Geo. 2. C 19. § 9,

Salt.

1. Scotch Salt landed before Entry, forfeited, ylft 8 W. 3. C 31. § 45*

2. No Salt of the Produce of England to be imported from Scotland, 2 y 3 Ann, C 14. § I, 7.

3. Laws to prevent Frauds in importing and exporting Fish or Flesh, extended to Scotland, 7 Ann. C 11. §5.

4. Regulations for importing Scotch Salt, 5 Geo. 1. C 18. § 20.

3. Servants Wages not to be paid in Salt, 8 Geo. 2. C 12. § 4.

Schools.

j. For erecting Schools in the Highlands, 1 Geo. 1. C 54. § 16.

4 Geo. 1. C 8. § 32.

i. Private Schools to be registered, (Ac. 19 Geo. 2. C 39.

3. school mailers to take the Oaths, l3c. 21 Geo. 2. C 34. § 12.

Sessions.

1. The Nomination, Trial and Admission of Lords of Session,

10 Geo. ic. 19. 3 Geo. 2. C 32.

2. Court may adjourn, not exceeding ten Days, 3 Geo. 2. C 32. 19 Geo. 2. C 7.

Sheriffs.

1. Sheriffs depute, life, not to be Officers to any Subject, zi Geo. 2. C 19. § IO.

2. For 15 Years to hold their Offices so long as his majestyfnr.ll * appoint, afterwards ad vitam aul culpatn, 28 Geo. 2. C 7.

Soldiers.

May be quartered in Scotland as they might by the Laws in force at the Time of the Union, 33 Gso. 2. C 6.. § 31., 45.. 33 Geo. 2. C 8. § 24.

Stores.

Premium for importing Mails to England, 2 Geo. 2. C 33. § 12, Tailzie.

Heirs of Tailzie may sell to the Crown, 20 Geo. 2. C 50 y 51.

Tax.

<1, Commissioners of land-tax to levy Duty on Places and pen fions, 31 Geo. 2. C 22. § 14, 29.

2. What Sum to be raised on land-tax in Scotland, 33 Geo. 2. C 1. § 124.

Tenures.

1. Encouragement to Vassals continuing dutiful, 1 Geo. I. C 20. 21 Geo. C 33. § 17.

2. The Service of personal Attendance discharged, 1 Geo. 1. C 54. § 10.

.3. Tenure by ward holding, C taken away, 20 Geo. 2. C 50.

4. Escheats on Horning and Denunciation taken away, 20 Geo. 2. C 5c. § 11.

5. King to hold Principality and grant Entries, 25 Geo. 2. C 20.

Title deeds.

For Relief where Title deeds were imbezilled by the Rebels, 20 : Geo. 2, C 20. 21 Geo. 2. C 17.

Treason.

1. The same crimestreafon as in England, 7 Am. C 21.

2. Sufpeded Persons in Scotland may be summoned to appear at

Edinburgh, I Geo. I. C 20. § 6. 19 Geo. 2. C 25.

3. Qualifications of Jurors, 19 Geo. 2. C 9. § 4.

4. For Trials of High Treason, life, committed in the Highlands, 21 Geo. 2. C 19 y 34.

5. Directions for Proceedings to Outlawry for High Treason, 22 Geo. 2. C 48.

Wines.

Proportional Duties in Scotland, 30 Geo. 2. C 19.' § 15.

Woollen manufaslures.

Manufactures of Serges, Pladings, Fingrams and Stockings, regulated, 6 Geo. ic. 13. Io Geo, 1. C 18.

For the Excise on Ale in several Towns of Scotland, see iherefpcc* tive Towns.

For other Matters, see ^tsboitslofis, lbjautp, ibjldgcs* Customs, (ffitu'nbutgl), equivalent, e*cljcqucr, iligljtoaps, jlir.cn, |5oneonfo; mifto, sdatljs, par foment, j&alt, ^ijips, Stamps, jgitojes,

®cqutf!tg Cltip* See Fullers Earth.

@ttfpture* See Service and Sacrament,

1. The Sea Shall be open to Merchants, 18 Ed. 3.9?: 2. C 3.

2. The King called the King of the Sea, 46 Ed. 3. See Appendix.

3. The Mariners of the West undertake to raise an Army, 5 Pi 2. C 3.

For other Matters, see kccufants, scniucu, isftjips, Cdatcl} nub Ktavti,

'Banft#. See Banks,

1. Writs touching the Common-law not to go out under any cf the Petty Seals, 28 Ed. 1 .ft. 3. C 6.

2. Deeds of Convents void, where the Seals are not kept as directed by the Ad St. deapport. relig. 33 Edict. 1. C 4.

3. Writings relating to the Earldom of March Shall be sealed with the Great Seal, 4 H. 7. C 14.

4. The Course in which the king's Grants Shall pass the Seals, 27 H.S. C 11.

5. Where Clerk of the Privy Seal to make Warrants to the Chan, cellor, zj Hi 8. C ir. § 2.

6. What Sees the Clerk of the Signet is inlitled to, 27 H. S. C

11. § 4, S.

7. Where Fees are not payable on Grants of Leases, 27 H. 8.. C 11.. § 12.

8. Counterfeiting Great Seal, life, excepted out of general Pari don, 20 Geo. 2, C 52. § 9.

For aether Matters, fe cijaitccfp, cletu Cf tic jan'gnctj 3irelanb 8. jsu'ng 50. Jlibcrties 20. Clinics,.

Seamen.

I.. Mariners deserting the king's Service, to be imprisoned, 2 R. 2. ft. 1. C 4.

2. The Punishment of Watermen withdrawing in Times of Press, 2 y 3 P. y M. C ib. ft 8.

3. What Mariners may take Apprentices, 5 El. C 5. § 12,

4. The Seat. 18 H, 6. C 19. against Soldiers departing, extended to Mariners, 5 El. C 5. § 27.

5. Seamen and Fishermen rot compellable to serve.as Soldiers, S SI. C 5. § 41.

6.. The

Seamen.

Seamen.

6. The Trinity Honfe at Deptford Stroud to setup Sea Marks, 8 e1. C 13. § 2.

7. For pressing of Mariners, 16 Car. 1. e. 5. C 23. C 26.

8. Against Diltui'bances by Searjien, 16 Car. 2. e. 5. 19 Car. 2.

C 7. 22 Cif 23 Car, 2. e. 23.

9. Seamen declining to fight, to lose their Wages and be imprisoned, 22 y 23 Car. 2. C 11. § 7.

10. Seamen hindering their Captain from fighting, to fufler as Felons, 22 £3' 23 Car. 2. r. 11. § 9.

11. Seamen defending their Ships, to be rewarded, 22 Ift 23 Car.

2. C 11. § 10.

12. Seamen to be registered, 7 y 8 ff, 3.0 21, S £3? 9 W. 3. C 23. Repealed as to regiffering of Seamen, 9 Ann. C 21. § 64.

13. Disabled, to be admitted to Greenwich Hospital, 7 £5' 8 IV

3, r. 21. § 7. 2^3 Ann', C 6. § 19.

14. A Duty of 6 Y a Month payable by Seamen to Greenwich

Hospital, 8 £5' 9 W 3* 0. 23^ § 6. ■

15. Penalty of receiving Wages in Fraud of a Seaman or his re prefentatives, 9 y 10 f. 3. r. 41. 5 3.

16. A Will of a Seaman on the same Paper with a Warrant of Attorney, void, 9 & 10 IV 3. C 41. § 6.

£7. Seamen deserting Merchant Ships, to lose their Wages, 11 £5 1 2 A 3. r. 7. § 17. ...

IS. Seamen not to be wilfully left beyond Sea, 11 & 12 W. 3. C 7. § 18..

19. Parish Boys may be bound or turned over to the Sea service, 2 y 3 Ann. C 6.

20. Exempted till 18 from Duty of 6 d. per Month to Greenwich Hospital: : 3 Ann. C 6. § 7.

Zi. Apprentices to have Protections for three Years, 2^ 3 ^22. r. 6. § 1 j. 13 Geo. 2. C 17.

22. Vagrants to oe pressed, 2^3 Ann. C 6. § 16.

23. Mahers to have Wages of Apprentices pressed, 2 £? 3 Ann. C 6. § 17.

24. Seamen to have their Tickets when discharged or turned over, 4 Ann. C 19. § 10.

25. Matters not obliged to take Apprentices under the Age of thirteen, 4 Ann. C 19. § 16.

26. Apprentices not exempt from pressing after eighteen, if in Sea Service before, 4 Ann. C 19. § 17.

527. Watermen not appearing when summoned to serve, disabled, 4 Ann, C 19. § 18.

28. Firemen exempted from the Press, 6 Ann. C 31. § 2.

29. Seamen in America exempted from the Press, C Ann. C 37.

• § 9-

30. Commissioners of the Navy may punish Disturbances by Seamen in the Yards, 1 Geo. 1. C 25.

31. Seamen maimed in Fight against Pirates, to be rewarded, 8 Geo. i. C 24. § 5.

32. Penalty on Seamen not fighting Pirates, 8 Geo. 1. C 24. § 0,

33. Matters not to pay their Men more than half their Wages

beyond Sea, 8 Geo. 1. C 24. § 7. 12 Geo. 2. C 30. § 12.

34. Penalty on Commanders of Ships of War carrying Merchandise, 8 Geo. 1. C 24. § 8.

35. Directions for the punctual Payment of Seamens Wages, j Geo. 2. ft.. 2. C 9. § 6.

36. Bounty on Conduct Money, Iftc. allowed to volunteer Seamen, j Geo. 2. C 14. 14 Geo. 2. C 38.

37. Proviiions against lmpofitions upon Seamen, 1 Geo. 2. C 14. § 7-

38. Provisions for Seamen in foreign Parts, 1 Geo. 2. C 14. § 12.

39. Seamen in the Service privileged from Arrests under 20./.

1 Geo. 2. C 14. § 13. 14 Geo. 2. C 38. § 3..

40. Matters of Merchant Ships to contract with their Seamen in Writing, 2 Geo. 2. C 36. Made perpetual, z Geo. 3. C 31.

41. Taking Mariner without such Agreement, forfeits 5/. to Greenwich Hofpkal, 2 Geo. 2. C 36. § 1.

42. Penalties on Seamen in Merchants Service deserting or absenting, 2 Geo. 2. C 36. § 3, 5, 9, 10.

43. Penalties to be deducted from Wages, z Geo. 2. C 36. § 9.

44. One man's Pay in too given to Widows, 6 Geo. 2. C 24, § t8.

45. merchant ships may be navigated by three fourths Foreigners in a War, 13 Geo, z. C 3. § 1.

46. Foreign' Seamen serving two Years upon Proclamation in

Time of War to be deemed natural Subjects, 13 Geo. 2. C 3. § 2. • • ' ' ■ • -

47. Bounty to Seamen taking or destroying Enemies Ships of

War, 13 Geo. 2. C 4. ■§ 15. 17 Geo. 2. C 34. § 18.

48. Several Exemptions from the Press, 13 Geo. 2. C 17. C 28.

§ S

49. A Bounty to Widows of Seamen killed in the Service, 14 Geo. 2. C 38. § 2.

; o. Seamen not to be arretted for small Debts in Ireland, 14 Geo,

2. C 38. § 3. •

41. Restriction of Seamens Wages in the Merchants Service, 14 Geo. 2. C 38. § 4.

52. Offences on board Privateers to be punished as on board Ships of War, 17 Geo, 2. C 34. § 25.

53. Seamen in the Plantations not to be impressed, lggeo. 2. C 30.

54. Matters of Ships in the Plantations to carry Seamen for his majesty's Service, 19 Geo. 2. C 30. § 5.

55. Seamens Letters of Attorney to be revocable, 20 Geo. 2. CI 24. § 6.

56. An Hospital erected for Relief of Seamen in the Merchants Service, 20 Geo. 2. C 38.

57. Penalty of forging Certificates, 20 Geo. 2. C 38. § 4.

58. Persons giving 50/. to be Governors, 20 Geo. 2. C 38, § 16.

59. Seamen to pay 6d. per Month, 20 Geo. 2. C 38. § 17.

60. Seamen in the India company's Service exempted, 20 Geo. 2.

C 38. § 37. •

61. Forging seamen's Tickets, or Mediterranean Pass, excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52, § 24.

62. Mariners and Soldiers that have been in his majesty's Service authorised to setup Trades, 22 Geo, 2. C 44.

63. Two Mens Pay in ico given to the Widows of Officers in the Navy, 24 Geo. 2. C 47. § 10.

64. Three fourths of the Crew of Merchant Ships may be Foreigners, 28 Geo. 2. C 16.

65. Volunteers to be paid from the Time of their entering, 31 Geo. 2. C 10.

66. Supernumeraries entitled to Wages, 31 Geo. 2. C 10. § z.

67. Wages of Apprentices, to whom payable, 31 Geo. 2. C to. § 16.

68. Seamen not to be taken out of the Service, except for Crimes or Debts of 20/. 31 Geo. 2. C 10. § 28.

69. ' Mariners not to have the Benefit of Insolvent Aft unless they enlist, 1 Geo. 3. C 17. § 57.

70. Farther Provifmns for the Encouragement of Seamen, fe.

2 Geo. 3. C 15.- ‘ ■ ' 1

71. The Provisions of 2 Geo. 2. C 36. extended to America, 2 Geo.

3. C 3 1. j

For other Matters, see Tmwixti, sv. urtefts 13. cantllcs

21. Certiojari 24. coalszt.^r. Cottages 5. Customs, felonies ttntl; and ttittijout Clergy, Tit Seamen, jlfifb, rdc. 63. (ffnecnlanh, dbjecntbicl) hospital, nutations 11. fidatljs 30. piracy, plantations 56. pooj 21. pjibatecrs, pji?es, probate'of Citills 4,

5. Ships, Stamps, slbeariug 2. ieagrants 10. ' eitatcrnieu, £<ltills 7.

©earclj

But four Writs of Search shall go where Lands are demanded against the King, 14 Ed. 3.7?. 1. C 14.

^cai'clj5r.0. See Customs.

sci

©crta'ce anti ©acramenttf.

ea Cotuit.

The Grant thereof to the Archbishoprick of Dublin, made effectual, 4 Ann. C 26.

©econtmtp of tljc fi*lnn; '£ 'Bcncfj.

May have three Clerks, 2 Geo. 2. C 23. § 16.

©ectmtia tupcronetatione.

How to be enrolled, and the Transcripts thereof sent into the Court of Exchequer, St. Wefim. 2. 13 Edi. C 8.

©econtl idcitocrance* See Replevin.

. ©eojjcutojc in Somersetjloire.

Its ancient water courses opened, and new ones made, 10 y 11 W. 3. C 26.

©cetl le See Oil.

©clfutsg. See Customs.

©cmtn.

To what Duties liable on Importation, 1 Geo. 1 .ft. 2. C 43. § 3.

©cqucftcatl'on See Ecclesiastical Courts.

o: }caitto at Sterna

Limited to thirty, .13 R, ft. 1. ir. 6.

©eruantg*

1= Their Victuals and Apparel regulated, 37 Ed. 3. C S.

2. Servants that riotously take their Mailers Goods at their Death, to surrender upon Proclamation, 33 H. 6. C 1.

3. May be committed till they answer to the Executors, 53 H, 6.

‘ C I • § 2.

For other Matters, see jfclom'es ixilttjl'n Cletgp, Fit.

j^etbante, jfirc 3. labourers.

©ctfhce#.

None shall didrain for more than due, M. C 9 H. 3. C 10.

©cutnce anti ©acramentg.

1. The Penalty of depraving the Sacrament of the Altar, 1 Ed.

6. C 1. ■

2. The blessed Sacrament to be adminidered in both Kinds, 1 Ed. 6. C t. § 7. '

• 3. A Repeal of all acts concerning Religion, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 3.

4. For the Uniformity of the Service and Adminillration of the

■> Sacraments, 2^3 Ed. 6. r. 1. 5 ^ 6 Ed. 6. C 1. 1 EL

C 1. 8 El. C i. § 3. 13 if 14 Car. 2. C 4.

5. Penalty of reviling the Prayer book, ifc. 2(5 3 Ed. 6. C 1. § 2-

6. Where Bishops may join with Justices in determining Offences, 2^3 Ed.. 6. C 1. § 4.

7. Prayers may be said in Greek, Latin, If:, in Universities, 2 if 3 Ed, 6. C 1. § 6. t 3. if 14 Car. 2. C 4. § I 8.

8. Bishops, ifc. may punish by Church Censures, 2 If 3 Ed. 6. C i. § 12- 5 b' 6 Ed., 6. C 1- § 3. t El, C 2. § 16.

9. All Persons to resort to their Parish Churches, 5 If 6 Ed. 6.

r. I.

10. Penalty of being present at other Worship, 5 if 6 Ed. 6. C 1. ' § 6*

It. Such Service shall be used as in the last Year of King 'Henry VIII 1 Mar. ft, 2. C 2„

12. The Penalty of dillurbing a Preacher or Priest saying divine' Service, or pulling down an Altar, ifc. 1 Mar. ft, 2. C 3.

13. Amercement on the Parish, if Offenders escape, 1 Mar. Ji. 2,

r. 3. § 8.

14. The Penalty of not repairing to Church on Sundays and Holy

Days, 1 El. C 2. § 14. 35 El. e. I.

15. Ordinary may punish Offences, 1 El. C 2. § 23.

16: The Bible and divine Service shall be translated into the Weljb Tongue, 5 EL C 28.

17. Penalty on Persons maintaining Doflrine contrary to the Articles, 13 EL C 12. § 2.

18. All Ecclefiallical Persons to read and fnbfcribe to the Book of

Common Prayer, ifc. 13 if 14 Car. 2. C 4. 15 Car. 2.c.6.

19. All Persons in Office to take the Sacrament and the Declaration againlltranfubllantiation, 23 Car. 2. C 2.

20. Time given to those in the Fleet and beyond Sea till three Calendar Months after their Return, i^gto. ir. 29. Four Months, 2 Geo. 2. C 31.. § 5.

21. Six Months given for taking the Sacrament, 16 Geo. 2. C 30.

$ 3.

22. Allowance of Impediments by the Ordinary for not reading; the Service, extended to the Certificate of Subscription, 23 Geo»

2. C 28.

23. Reading the Articles to indemnify againll Neglect in Point of Time, 23 Geo. 2, C 28. § 2.

For other Matters, see ©tfljopg, cf)urt|), cojflojattou 9. 31rclant) 32- tttng 2?. Cfr. jilituraltvacion 13. jon cotifojmtfls 9, ifc. £>ati)g 36. irccufauts, iscitgiouy IS0111c, jgicotlant), s*upcr(ittious ©oobg, eotalcs.

His Fees, and howpunifhed for taking more than allowed, 2 //, 4. C 23.

©sftions? of tfje peace. See Juftiees of Peace,, Middlesex, Scotland.

Settlement Of tljc Poo?. See Poor.

scoen 'onfce.

Wool Key how veiled in Trustees for the King, fubjcfl to an Agreement concerning the Free School in Seven oake,, 8 geo, 1. C 31.

©etierm See Fish, Rivers,.

©etucr£.

1. Commissions of Sewers shall be awarded by the Chancellor; 6

LI 6. C 5;. ' 18 //. 6. C to. 23 H. 6. C S. 12 Ed. 4.. C 6„. 4 H. 7. C I. 6 H, 8. V 10. 12 Car. 2. C 6.

2. Power given to the Commissioners to execute their Ordinances,. 8 h.6hc. 3.

3. The Authority, ifc. of Commissioners of Sewers, 23 r. 5.

4. The Commissioners shall be resident in the County, 25 H.

• C to.

3. The Power of taxing the king's Lands, 3 if 4. Ed. 6.:. 8.

6. The Commissioners in Glamorganshire have Power to prevent Damage by Sand arising from the Sea, t Mar. ft. 3. C 11.

7. Directions for the Commissions of Sewers and the Execution of them, 1 3 El. C g.

8. Fines to be ellreated yearly, 13 El. C g. § 6,.

9. Under what Penalties, 3 Geo. 1. C 15. .§ 12.

ro. water courses within two Miles of London,. falling into the Fhtimes, shall be subject'to thecommission of Sewers, 3 fa. i„ C 14. 2 IV if Ml. ft. 2. C 8. § 14.

11. For draining of Sedgemore, io if 11 W. ^. C zs,

ia. the

©ijccjj*

12.. The Common Council of London authorised to appoint Cora

missioner of Sewers, j9 Car. 2, C 3. 22 (A 23 Car. 2. C 17.

_ 7 Ann. C 9.

13. The Commissioners impowercd to decree Copyholds from the Owners for the Taxes, and to distrain Goods, 7 Ann. C 10. § 3*

For other Matter, see l/0!tt)0tt, jrhl'ofwj 12. cctcarc.

s.ptii!oon^*

Under what Penalties not to be exported from Ireland to any Place but England, 10 (A 11 W. 3, C 10. § 1, z, 3, 4.

1., Not to be exported, 3 H. 6. C 2.. 22 H. 8. C 7.

2. None 10 keep more than 220.0 Sheep, z5 H. 8. C 13.

3. The Penalties of exporting Sheep alive, 8 El. C 3. 12 Car.

2. C 32.

4. Stealing or killing Sheep or other Cattle, made Felony without Clergy, 14 Gaz. r. 6.

ji. Extended to Bull, Cow, Ox, Steer, Eullock, Heifer, Calf and Lamb, by 1 3 Geo. 2. C 34..

For other Matters, see (sattlc, dtool.

©jjctdct See Coffee.'

©fjefhelti.

Regulation of the Courts Baron of Sheffield and Ecclefal, in York jleire, 29 Geo. z, C 37.

For other Matters, see dfutlcts»

I. Sheriffs shall hold the County Court but from Month to Month > and the Turn twice in the Year, M. C 9 H. 3. C 35.

2'. How they shall receive and account for the king's Debts, St. de Scac, 51 H. I. ft. St. de Sin. levat. ' 27 Ed. 1. ft. I.

C 2.

3, Shall not lodge with above five or six Horses, (Ac. St. Wrftm. 1, 3 Ed. 1. C 1.

4. Sheriffs receiving king's Debts shall give Discharges, 3 Ed. 1.

C 19.

3. Shall receive Writs in the County Court, or in therear ■ County, and give Billets for them, St. ifeftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1.

C 39. Or in any other Place, 2 Ed. 3. C 3.

6u In Case of Refinance the Sheriff shall take the Pojft Conitatus, and imprison the Re fillers, Si. Weftm. 2. 53 Ed. 1. C 39.

7. Shall not deliver Prifcners not bailable, St. de Fin, levat, 27 Ed. t.ft. 1. C 3,

8. Shall be elcdled by the Counties, art.fiper Cartas, 28 Ed. 1. ft. 3. C 8. And they shall choose good Men, C 13.

9. The Sheriff's Oath, Vol. 1. fol. 159.

10. Shall be appointed by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Barons of

the Exchequer and Justices, and shall have sufficient in the County, and shall not be Steward or Bailiff of any Lord, St. Line. 9 Ed. 2. ft. z. 2 Ed. 3. C 4. 4 Ed. 3. C 9. 5 Ed. 3.

C 4. if Ed. 3. ft, 1. C 7.

11. Prcccfs againil Sheriffs not acquitting king's Debtors, 14 Ed. 2. C 1.

1 2. Sheriffs and Hundredors shall not let their Bailiwicks to farm, St. Line. 9 Ed. 2. ft. 2. 14 Ed. 3.. ft. 1. C 9. z3 H. 6. C 9.

13. Sheriffs, (Ac. shall receive Prisoners from Conflables, (Ac. without taking anything, 4 Ed. 3. e. 10.

14. Shall let their Hundreds, (Ac. for the old Farm, 4 Ed. 3.

'S'

15,, Shall not continue in their Office above a Year, 1 \ed. 3. ft. 1. e. 7. 28 Ed. 3. C 7. 42 Ed. 3. C 9. 46 Ed, 3. 23

H. 6. C 7.

16. Shall not increase their Farm, and shall have but one Bailiff Errant in a County, 14 Ed. $. ft. r. C 9.

17. Commissions shall not be granted to Sheriffs to take Indictments, 28 Ed. 3. C 9. '

is. No under sheriff's or£heriff's Clerk shall continue in Office above a Year, 42 Ed. 3. e. 9. 23 H. 6. e. 7.

19. He that hath been Sheriff shall not be in the Office again for three Years, 1 R. 2. e. 11.

20. Shall acco int for the Issues of their Counties upon Oath, and shall not be charged with the ancient Farm, 1 H. 4. C 11.

21. Shall be sworn to reside in his Bailiwick, and not let it to farm, 4 H. 4. r, 5.

22. Sheriffs Officers shall not be in such Office again for three Years following, 1 H. 5. C 4.

, 23. His Accounts of Things casual, shall be allowed upon his Oath, 4 H. 5. C 2.

'24. The King enabled to continue Sheriffs for four Years, 9 H.

SC 5-..

25. Shall duly return Writs, and summon Jurors, on Pain of double Damages, 4 H. 6, e. 1. z6. Certain Extortions prohibited to the Sheriff of Hereford, 9 H. 6. C 7. 11 H. 6. r. 7.

27. Fees of the, Sheriff and Gaoler on an Arrcfl, (Ac. 23 H. 6. C 9.

28. Shall take no Bond from a Prisoner, but to themselves, and

to keep their Day, (Ac. 23 H. 6. e. 9. ...

29. Shall appoint Deputies in the Courts to receive Writs for them, 23 H. 6. C 9.

30. Penalty of taking more than is assessed for Wages of Knights of Parliament, 23 H. 6. e. 10.

31. A Pardon to. Sheriffs, (Ac. for continuing in their Offices,

28 II 6. e. 3. 8 Ed. 4. e. 4.

52. The old Sheriff may return Writs, (Ac. 'during Michaelmas Term, (Ac, 12 Ed. 4. C 1. 17 Ed. 4. C 7.

33. Sheriff, (Ac. to certify the Names of his Prisoners to the justices of Gaol delivery, 3 H. 7. C 3.

34. The Justice of Peace may convict and punish Sheriffs for diverse Mifdcmeanors relating to the County Court, 11 H. 7.

C' S

35. Their Eflreats to be viewed by Justices of the Peace, n H. 7.

<-• 1 ?•

36. The Statutes relating to Sheriffs extended to Stewards and Officers of Liberties, 27 H. 8. r. 24.

37. Sheriffs to have Allowance by their Oath upon their Accounts, 34 (A 35 H. 8. r. 16. .Repealed z (A 3 Ed. 6. r. 4.

38. What Tallies of Reward and Allowances Sheriffs shall have,

2 (A 3 Ed. 6. C 4.

39. The Sheriff of Northumberland shall account as other Sheriffs do, j 3 Ed. 6. C 34..

40. Sheriffs to be fined for not returning Writs touching the king's p evenue, 7 Ed. 6. C 1. § 12.

41. Sheriffs not to be Justices, 1 Mar. ft. 2. C 8,. § 2.

42. A Severance of the Sheriffwicks of several Counties, 8 EL C 16.

43. Under sheriffs, (Ac. shall be sworn not to take Rewards for returning Jurors., 27 El. C 12.

44. Their sees upon Executions limited, 29 El. C 4.

45. Penalty on Sheriff granting a Warrant before he receives the '

Writ, 43 El. C 6. 6 Geo. 1. C 23. § 53.

46. A Sheriff that hath his Quietus eft, shall not be questioned for

anything omitted, after four Years, 21 Ja. 3. C 5. 13 (A

14 Car. 2. C 21. § 8,

47. Shall not keep open Tables, or make Presents to the Judges, or have more than forty, or under twenty Servants with Liveries, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 21. Made perpetual, 1 Ja. 2. C 17.

48. Not to be charged with illcviable Seifures, (Ac. 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 21. § 4.

49. When to certify Seifures into the Exchequer, 13 ^ 14 Car.

2. r. zi. § 4..

<§5f)£ti£f£

50. Shalfliave Lands in the County fufficibnt, (Ac. 13 sf 14 Car. 2. C 21. § 7.

51. Not to extend to Counties Palatine, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 21.

§ 9. _

52. Sheriffs of London not to take Money of their Undersheriff, 5 C 31. § 8.

53. Regulations of the Office of Sheriffs, and for their Ease in accounting, 3 Geo. 1. C 13.

54. Allowance to Sheriffs for levying the king's Debts, 3 Geo. 1.

r. 15. §3. -

55. Penalty of buying or selling Office of Undersheriff, 3 Geo.

I. C 15. § 10, 11.

j6. Penalty on Clerks not returning Eftreats, 3 Geo, 1. C 15. § 12.

57. Fees for executing Habere facias poffejponem, (Ac. 3 Geo. 1, C 15. § j6.

58, Sheriffs taking more than their Poundage guilty of Extortion, 3 Geo. ic. 15. § 17.

39. Not to extend as to the Appointment of Under sheriffs, (Ac. to London, Midd'efex, Durham, Westmorland, (Ac, 3 Geo. 1. C 15. § 21. ■ ■

60. Sheriffs of Wales, to account before the Auditor, 3 Gee. 1. C 1§ 22.

61. Date of the Writ Trail be written on the Warrant, 6 Geo. 1. C zii § 54.

62. A yearly Allowance of 4000/. out of the Aggregate Fund, to the Sheriffs for the Expense of passing their Accounts, 3 Geo.

1. C 16.

s3. Sheriff required to turn over all Process not executed, by Indenture to their Successor, 20 Geo. 1. C 37.

64. Writs to be turned over to the succeeding Sheriff, 20 Geo. 2. C 37•

6;. Sheriff not to be called upon to make a Return after six Months from the Expiration of his Office, 2o Geo. 2. C 37. § 2*

66. Sheriffs to be appointed on the Morrow of St. Martin, 24 Geo. 2. C 48. § 12.

67. Payment of Poll Fines regulated, 32 Geo. 2. C 14.

68. Forging the receiver's Hand, (Ac. Death, 32 Geo. 2. C 14.

§ 9-

For other Matters, see Umftfi 6. ssfli'te 22. 35ttojntcs 16, 43. hbail 8, (Ac. bailiff, (Ac. 4- hbjtftol 2. Comitp Court, jdebt to the &ing, tdxfletfiu, Dt stress, Cfrape, Cfchcatojs 12. Cftreate, cejccfjequcr, jfees 8. jfojtiblc Cittrp 3. ^framhifes 13. ©aols, C 3. iftgljtx3ai?6, ijurtijcdo, juries, ji3ojtbumber ianfc 7. jftojttiicb n, 14. Ouster le ain, fdarlia tncttt; 2, (Ac. fmcafi of the Crottut, irecogtu'jances 15. i&eplebttt 1, (Ac. Ketuntof <kbnts6. <&cotlam>, c®taleo,

s&etfooob

Burning of Ling, ' Heath or Brakes there prohibited, 5 Arm. C 14. § 5.

0ljip Spcnep.

Proceedings thereon declared void, 16 Car. I. C 14.

©ijfppcp in &ent*

Its Inhabitants taxable towards the Repair of the king's Ferry, i 18 £/. r. 10. § 1 o;

Sfjfpjo

il No Ships hall be restrained to come into Port, or reffrained in selling their Goods, z8 Ed. 3. C 13. § 3. 20 R. 2. C 4.

2, Shall not be forfeited for small Things put on Board without the owner's Knowledge, 38 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 8.

3. None shall ship Goods but in Ships of the king's Ligeance, 5

R. 2. ft. 1. C 2. 14.k. 2 > r. 6, Repealed, t El. C 13.

vol.ix. Tab.

4. Ships of the king's Ligeance shall be freighted preferably to others, 6 R. 2. C 8. 4 H. 7. C 10. Repealed, 1 EL C 1 3.

3. Owners of Ships shall take reasonable Freight, 14 R. 2. e. 6.

6. No Gafcoin or Guien Wines to be imported but in English Sr, ip

ping, 1 H. 7. C 8. Or Tholouf Woad, 4 II 7. C 10. 7 H,

8. C 2. 23 H. 8. r. 7. Repealed, 1 El. C 13.

7. The Freight of Goods limited, 32 H. 8. C 14.

8. Importation of Wines and Toulouse Woad in foreign Ships permitted, 3' IF 6 Ed. 6 C 18.

9. The Penalty of Freighting foreign Ships, 1 El. C 13.

10. Foreign Ships not to be employed Coastwise, 5 El. C 3. § 8, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 6.

11. What Mariners may take Apprentices,; Eh e. 5. § 12.

12. A Ship shall not be forfeited for exporting Corn, unless the Owner knew it, 5 El. C 5. § 24.

13. The Trinity House at Deptford shall setup and preserve Beacons and Sea Marks, 8 El. C 13.

14. Penalty of tool, destroying them, and if Offender unable to pay, to be deemed convidt of Outlawry, 8 El. C 13. § 4.

15. Encouragement for the taking and exporting of Fish, 13e/.

0 u.

16. What Vessels not to anchor in the Fifhermens Way on the Coast of Norfolk, 13 El. C 11. § 4.

17. Boys and Plates not to cross the Seas, 13 El. C 13.

18. They that export Goods in Carracks or Galleys, shall pay Aliens Customs, 12 Car, 2. C 4. § 4.

19. Goods shall be imported from the Plantations in English Ships only, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 1.

20. And from Africa, Asia and America, fnall be in English Ships, 1 or in Ships of the Plantations, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 3.

21. Goods to be imparted in English Shipping, shall be brought from the first Port of Shipping, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 4.

22. Shipping built in the Plantations deemed English, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 7.

23. No Goods or Stores of Muscovy or Turley, Timber, Salt,

Tar, (Ac. Hemp, Flax, Raisins, Figs, Prunes, Olive Oil, Corn, Sugar, Pot ashes, Wine, Spirits, (Ac. shall be imported but in Shipping of England, or of the Country from whence the Goods are first shipped, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 8. 29 Geo.. 2.

C 34. § 19.

24. Certificates of English Ships to be given and registered, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 10.

25. Not to restrain the importing of India Goods, 12 Car, 2. C 18. § 13.

26. Not to extend to Scotch Goods, Seal Oil of rujjia, (Ac. 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 16.

27. Articles of War for the Government of the Navy, 13 Ctir. 2.

ft. 1, C 9. 18 Geo, 2. C 35. 21 Geo. 2. C II 22 Geo. 2.

C 33*

28. Foreign built Ships not to have the Privilege of English, 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 6.

29. Ships trading beyond Malaga shall have two Decks, 16 Guns and 32 Men, or pay one percent, above the Customs, 13 £5? icc? .z. C II § 3;. Except Ships carrying Fish for a Moiety of their Cargo, § 36. To be Briiijh caught, 9 Geo. 2, C 33- § 3-

30. Allowance out of the Customs to new built defensible Ships

for Terms of Years, 1 3 (A 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 37. 22 (A 23

Car. 2. C 11. § 13. 5 If'. (A M. C z4.

31. What Goods shall not be imported from th Netherlands or Germany, 13 sf 14 Car. 2. C it. § 23.

3z. A Duty of 5 s. a Tun on French Ships trading to England, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 17. 13 (A 14 Car. 2{ C 11. § 24.

33. No Goods (except Salt, Wine, (Ac.) to be carried from Europe to the Plantations but from England, 15 Car. z. C 7. § 6.

34. Every Ship arriving in the Plantations to produce her register to the Governor, 15 Car. 2. C 7. § 7.

35. Penalties for delivering up of Merchant Ships, 16 Car. 2. C 6.

U

£f)!p$u

36. Prize Ships made free, 19 Car, z. C 11

37. Ships of zoo Tuns and 16 Guns shall not be delivered up to Pirates, (Sc, without fighting, 22 (S 23 Car, 2. C n.

38. Penalty on Mariners refusing to defend Ships, 22 (S 23 Car, 2. C It §2, 7*

39. The Mailer having discovered a Turk or Pirate, shall not leave his Ship, 22 £3" 23 Car, 2. C 11. § 3.

40. No Ships shall be delivered up to a Turk, (Sc. not having her double Number of Guns, without fighting, 22 (S z3 Car. 2. C 11. § 4.

41. Mailer excused if Mariners mutiny, 22 (S z^car, 2. C 11. § 8.

42. Mariner mutinying to suffer Death as a Felon, 22 (S 23 Car, 2, C u. § g.

43. Ships attacking a Merchant Ship may be made Prize, 22 IS 23 Car. 2. C 1 1. § 1 1.

44. A Mariner, (Sc. detlroying his Ship, to suffer as a Felon, without Clergy, 22 (S' 23 Car, 2. C u. § 12.

45. A Duty of; 1. per Tun on foreign Ships employed in the coasting Trade, 1 Ja. 2. C 18.

46.. A Duiy of Tunnage on Ships granted, 5 W. (S M. C 20.

47. Cruisers and Convoys appointed, 1 WIS M. ft. I. C 34.

4 IV if At, C 20. § 4^. 6 Ann. C 13.

48. For the Government of the Navy, 5 IV (S M. C 23.

49. Method of meafming Ships, 6 (S 7 PV. ■$. C 12. % 10.

30. Seamen cn board Coal Ships exempted from the Press, 6 (S

7. IV 3. C 18. § 19.

5.1. Foieign Ships not to carry Plantation Goods, 7 IS 8 W. 3.

C 22.

5 Ships trading to the Plantations to bo registered.. to have a Certificate, 7 (S 8 IV 3. C 22. § 17.

53. Encouragement given to Commanders and Mariners to defend Ships, 11 (S 12 IV 3, C 7. § u.

54. Boys may pass in the Port of London with Corn, (Sc. by Tranjire without a Cocquet, I ann.fi. I. C 26.

ct. Certificates of Discharge to be endorsed on coasting Bonds, 1 Ann, ft. L C 26. § 3.

56*. Destroying Ships by Mariners to the Prejudice of Owners or Merchants, Felony, 1 ann.fi. 2. C 9. § 4. 4 Geo. ir, iz.

$ 3. 11 Geo, L C 29. § 6..

57. For enabling the Malter, (Sc. of Trinity House to rebuild

Eifficue light house, 4 anne, 20. 8 Ann, C 17.

58. Toll to Edyfttms light house to be paid by Ships passing to ard from Ireland, 8 Ann. 17. § I.

59. Ships prohibited to flop at the king's Moorings, or fallen to the king's ships, 10 Ann. C 17. § 21.

60. Diredlions for preserving Ships in Distress, iz Ann. ft. 2.

e. 18. 26 Geo,. 2.. C 19. § 6.

CI j. Raw Silk not to be imported from the Straights, except from the Grand seignior's Dominions, 6 Geo. 1. C 14,

62. Sir timber.may be imported from Germany, 6 Geo. I. C 15.

63. Hovering Ships under 50 Tonnes may be compelled to come Into Port, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 31. Amended as to the Bonds, by 12 Get. 2. C 22.

64. Penalty on Mailers fnffering uncustomed Goods to be delivered, or Wool laden, 6 G 0. 1. C 21, § 32.

('■5. Ships of 30 Tonnes importing Brandy, (Sc. forfeited, 6 Geo. t. C 21. § 29.-

66. Rule for the Admeafurcment of Ships, 6 Geo. 1. C 21.

§ 33. 32 Get', z. C 2-5, .§. 11.

67. Ships of 40 Tonnes importing Brandy, (Sc. forfeited,, 8 Geo. L

C 1 8. § 1.

68. captiir.s of Men of War not to take Goods, on board, 8 Geo. 1. C 24. § 8.

69. Penalty for lb doing applied, one Moiety to Informer, the other to Greenwich Hospital, 8 Geo. 1. C 24. §9.

70. For Maintenance cf the Skerries Lights, 3 Geo. 2. C 36.

71. Not to take in Gunpowder above Blackwult, and to land their Gunpowder below Blackball, 5 Geo. 2. C 20. § 2 (S 3.

72. Ships not to fire Guns above blackviejl after sun fet, 5 Geo.

2. C 2c. § 4.

73. Not to melt Pitch or Tar on Board above Blactwall. 5 Geo;

2. C 20. § 4.

74. Ships not to Moor in St, Saviours Dock, 5 Geo, 2, C 20, § 10.

75. Owners not to be answerable for the Mailer, (Sc, beyond the Value of Ship and Freight, 7 Geo. 2. C 15.

76. Where Freighters may file Bill in Equity to discover the total Amount of Loss, 7 Geo, 2. C 15. § 2.

77. Ships may be navigated with three Fourths Foreigners during the War, i$geo. 1. <■. 3. 28 Geo. 2. C 16.

78. Aliens may import the Goods of Spain, (Sc. in British Ships, ' 17 Geo. 2. C 36. § 4.

79. A Reward of 20, 000/, for discovering the Nor th west Pa f ■ 18 Geo. 2. C 17.

80. Rules for the Government of Ships of War, (Sc. 18 Geo. 2. C 35. Repealed, 22 Geo. 2. C 33. And thataft extended to Vessels on the Lakes in America, 29 Geo. 2. C 27.

81. Prize Ships to be deemed British built, zogeo. 2, C 45..

§ Si

82. Offences in burning or destroying Ships excepted out of. general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. §-14.

83. Commission of Appeals confirmed, 22 Geo. 2, C 3.

84. Articles for Government, of the. Navy, 22 Geo. 2. C 33.

85. court-martial to try only within the Admiralty jurisdiction

22 Geo. 2. C 33. § 4. '

86. Land Officer or Soldier exempt from Naval court-martial, 22 Geo. 2. C 33. §5. — Penalty of refusing to give Evidence, (Sc. 22 Geo. 2. C 33. § 17.

87. Penalty of Perjury, ibid.

88., powers of the Articles in Force over the'crews of the Ships lost, 22 Geo. 2. C 33. § 21.

89. Pay of Officers, (Sc. of Ships taken who have behaved well, reserved, 22 Geo. 2. C 33. § zz.

90. Within what Time the Trial mull be, 22 Geo. 2. C 24.

§ 23\

91. Penalty on Officers taking freight Goods on Board the king's Ships, 22 Geo. 2, C 33. § 24..

92. Theft on Board of Ships, (Sc. in Rivers, deprived of Clergy, 24 Geo. 2. C 43.

93. Stealing (hipwrecked Goods, deprived of Clergy, 26 Geo. 2.

/. \.

94. Goods imported in British built Ships being the Property of

Foreigners to pay Aliens Duty, 29 Geo. z. C 34. § 20.

9;. The 22 Geo. 2. C 33. extended to the Lakes, (Sc. in Norths America, 29 Geo. 2. C 27.

96. Agreeing for the Ransom of neutral Ships is Piracy, 32 Geo.

2. C 23. § 12.

97. Marines, while on Board king's Ships to be governed ac '

cording to 22 Geo. 2. C 33. 33gi<?. 2. C 8. § 43.

For other Matters, see ulthufralj <®lietls 14. isalladagc,

objanbp 19, (Sc. ®jtcfes anb Cites 3.. Gutter 9. Cattle 15. Coats < y, (Sc. Cocljmeal 2. Coffee 24. Confulage per tot. co?tt 33, (Sc. Customs 9, 16, (Sc. Cast \38ubia Company 3z, (Sc. Cjcctfe 68, (Sc. ■. nies totti) anb toft bout Clergp. jfify 19, (Sc. BEEN lanb, Cjeenlntctj Ljofpttal 7. lops 12. 3!nbta coobs

18. jtelanb 51. Ileatbet 18. 3lmen 8, o, (Sc. 3lon= gitube tot. fll^anufaffures 19. Merchants u. Jjlclbcattlc 1, 2. pilots, fmracp, fmague, }2>jama= tious 53, (Sc. |5ofl€>ffice 7, (Sc. fmbatcers per lot• w3cs Per t Safe Conbuff, Sail Clott) Salt 42,, (Sr. Wattage, Scotlattb, teamen 40, 34.

19. South sea^cotnpanp, Spices 3. Stores, CC bacco 23. Mttjalehone 7. oathics, hhool 31, 40, (Sc.. a&tecfc, Yarmouth 4.

1. Shall not use the Miftcry of a Tanner, 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C is. 21r.2.c.16. 2 H. C 2 (S 3 Ed. 6. C 9.

2. Liberty

4

6>5oema!ieris.

list.

2. Liberty given to Shoemakers to tan their Leather, 4 H. 4.

3. Regulations for the Shoemakers in and about London, 4 Ed. 4.

C 7. 14 (A 15 H. 8. C 9. 1 El. s. 8. 1 Ja. 1. C 22. § 29.

9 Geo. t. C 27.

4. Not to use the Mystery of a Currier, 19 H. 7, r. 19.

5. Exportation of Shoes and Boots prohibited, 5 y 6 Ed. 6. C 15. § 5. Permitted 13 (A 14 Car. 2. C 7, § 6.

6. What Security to be given riot to reland them : And what

Drawback allowed, g Ann. C 11, § 39, 40, 41, 42. 12 Ann.

z. cg. §64.

7. Directions for the performing Shoemakers Work, 1 Ja. 1. C 22. § 28, (Ac.

8. Satisfaction to be made by Journeymen purloining Shoes, (Ac. 9 Geo. 1. C 27.

9. And by Persons buying or taking them in Pawn, 9 Geo. 1. C z;. § 2.

to. Punishment of Offenders unable to make Satisfaction, 9 Geo.

1. e. 27. § 1, z. i). Houses of suspected Persons to be searched, and Goods fraudulently obtained to be restored to Owner, 9 Geo. 1. C 27.

§ 3-

12. Persons retained, and engaging with new Mailer before the firll Work is performed, how punished, 9 Geo. 1. C 27. § 4. For other Matters, see ijtdcs, jlcatljct, i&fcins, cntulct.

gdjootmn;.

Shooting at Persons in any Dwelling house, or other Place, Felony without Clergy, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § 1.

See Evidence.

See Apprehenders of Felons, Burglary, and Clergy.

giljot fo? ©?tnance.

Letters Patents concerning the making dt not within 21 Ja. I. zi Ja. 1. e. 3. § 10.

g^efogtiutp. t

1. Regulations of the Drapers there, 8 El. C 7. 14.e/. e. 12.

2. The Streets to be paved, (Ac. 29 Geo. 2. C 78.

3. Its waterworks how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § ui.

©fffit Manual.

Counterfeiting it made Treason, 1 mar.fejf. 2. C 6.

.. 'For:, other Matters, see jsderils.

Signet.;

The Fees of the Clerk of the Signet in passing Patents, 27 H. 8. C 11.

1. Importation of wrought silk prohibited, 33 //. 6. C 5. 3 Ed.

4. C 3. 22 Ed. 4. C 3. 1 R. 3- C to. 1 H. 7. C 9.

2. Certain Species of wrought Silk prohibited, and other wrought Silks permitted to be imported, 19 H. 7. C 21. Explained by, 3 Geo. 3. C 21.

3. Regulation of the Trade of silk throwing in London, 13 14

Car. 2. C 15. if 9 IV 5. C 36. § 6.

4. Where Offenders are to be fet in the Stocks, 13 {s' 14 Car. 2. C 15, § 7.

5. Bylaws to restrain the Number of Spindles to be employed by the Silk Throwilers, or to rellrain them to take less than three Apprentices, made void, 20 Car. 2. C 6.

■ 6. Silk thrown in the Gum, 1 IV (A M. C 5. § 2.

7. Wrought, 2 IF. (A m.feff. 2. C 4. § 3, 4. 4 IF. (A M. C 5.

§ 2. 9 (A 10 IF. 3, C 44. § 80. 11 (A 12 IF, 3. C 3. § i.

8. And Raw Silk, 2 IV (A m.j'ejf. 2. r. 4. § 5.

9. And Silk Ferret, or Floret, to what Duties liable, 4 JV.(A M. C 5. § 2.

10. Thrown Silk to be imported only from Italy, 2 JV. (A M.

f. I. C 9. 1 Ann. ft. 1. C 27. C 28. 2 (A 3 Ann. C 13.

11. Restrictions on importing Alamodes and Luftrings, 4 IV (A M. C 5. § 14.

12. Permission to import fine Italian thrown Silk, 5 IV A M.

C 3'.

13. Foreign Alamodes, (Ac. to be sealed at the Customhouse,

5 JV.(A M. C 20. § 45. 6 (A 7 JV. 3. C 18. $ 28.

14. Alamodes, (Ac. not sealed, forfeited, 8^9 IV 3. C 36. 9 (A 10 JV. 3. C 43. § 5.

15. No Drawback on exporting foreign Alamodes, 8 (A 9 JV. 3, C 36. § 5.

16. A Duty fer Pound Weight on imported Luffrings and Alamodes, 9 (A 10 JV. 3. C 30.

17. Alamodes and Luftrings to be imported only at London, 9 (A 1 o I V 3. C 43-

18. Charter of the Luftiing Company confirmed, g (A to JV. j.

43-

19. Penalty oft Officers of king's Ships importing Silks, ga to JV. 3. <-. 43. § 4.

20. Penalty of 500 /. and Pillory on altering the Customhouse or company's Marks, 9 (A 10 W. 3. C 43. § 5.

21. Penalty on Customhouse Officers colluding, 9 (A 10 JV. 3. C 43. § 6.

22. Wearing of French Alamodes, (Ac. prohibited, 5 Ann. C 20.

23. Officers of Customs only Power to seize, 5 Ann. C 20. § 3.

24. Foreign Silks mixed with Gold or Silver, forfeited, (Ac. 6 Ann. C ig. § 14.

25. A Duty on printed Silks, Calicoes and Stuffs, 10 Ann. C 19.

§ f '

26. Persons printing Silks, (Ac. at other Place than their usual Rtfidence 10 make a particular Entry of the Silks before printing, 1 Geo. 1. ft. C 36. § 21.

27. Premium on Silk Manufactures exported, 8 Geo. .1. C 13. Two Thirds of the Warp to be Silk, 9 Geo. 1. C 8. § 9. Want of Certificates supplied, 1 Geo. 2. C 17. § 9. The Silk in the Stuff to be of double the Value of the Bounty, 1 Geo. 2. C 17. § 10.

28. The importation of Raw Silk from the Straights, (except from the Grand seignior's Dominions) restrained, 6geo. i. C 14.

29. Reward to Sir Thomas Lembe for inventing Silk Engines,, 5 Geo. 2. C 8.

30. A certain Quantity of Spanish Silk permitted to be imported, 14 Geo. 2. C 4.

31. Raw Silk of china to pay the same Duty as of Italy, £3 Geo. 2. C 9.

32. Raw Silk of the Plantations may be imported free, 23 Geo. 2, C 20.

33. Raw Silk of Ferfta bought in Rujfta, may be imported from any Port in Rujfta, 23 Geo. 2. C 34.

34. Foreign Silks and Velvets to be sealed at the Customhouse,

26 Geo. 2. C 2i. -

33. On Action or Information for the Penalties of this Act, defendant to give Bail, 26 Geo. 2. C 21. § 8.

36. Organzined Italian thrown Silk may be imported from any Port in any Vessel, till 1 Dec. 1757. 30 Geo. 2. C 17.

37. Penalty of importing foreign Silk Ribbons, Laces or Girdles,

3 Geo. 3. r. zi.

For other Matters, see callicocs,. <£tl6om0, 3!nt)ia t^ooss,

jlxtten 14. £0amifafture6, 13ufiba, ^bt'ps 61.

See Gold.

U 2

Wilber

©fmoitp. ©lun£.

£3>lujct fllttl ©ftbct d2hre. See Gold, Money, Thread and Wire.

Simon?.

1. Presentations, Sc. made for Reward shall be void, and the Crown shall have the Turn, 31 El. C 6. § 3.

2. Simoniaeal Admiftions, Sc. shall be void, and the Patron shall prefenc, 31 El. C 6. § 6.

3. The Penalty of fimoniaeal Exchanges, 31 El. C 6. § 8.

4. Of fimoniaeal procuring of Licences to preach, 31 El. C 6.

§ to.

5. Simony of a Clerk shall not after his Death affect the presentation of an innocent Patron, 1 IF. S M. C 16.

6. Leases made bona side not void, 1 IV S M. C 16. § 3.

7. Preferment upon a Purchase of the next Avoidance, fimoniaeal,

12 Ann. ft. 2. C 12. § 2.

8. Simony excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52.

§ 37-

For other Matters, see illltijcvgtics,

sulldng iflsittj. See Annuities, Eank, Funds, Salt, South Sea Company.

©femfess (flan o? Eocfc.)

The Patent granted to William French, Esq; for a Lighthouse there confirmed, 3 Geo. 2. C 36.

1. None fnall take the Wool from any Sheep Skin or Lamb Skin, unless he make Leather or Parchment of it, Sc. 3 El. C 22. § 1.

2. None shall buy Skins but to make Leather or Parchment, Sc.

3 El. C 22. § 1.

3. Exportation of Skins and Leather prohibited, 5 El. C 22. § 2.

4. of Sheep Skins tawed permitted, 8 El. C 14.

5. None butartizin Skinners shall dress or export Black Coney Skins, 3 fa. 1. C 9.

6. Merchants shall not buy Coney Skins or Morkins in small Quantities, 3 fa. 1. C 9.

7. Duty on Skins imported, 9 Ann. C 11. § 1.

8. Drawback of two Thirds on Exportation, 9 Ann. C 11. § 39.

9. Additional Duty on Skins imported, 10 Ann. C 26. § 1.

10. Drawback on exporter's Oath that Hides are marked, 10 Ann. C 26. § 3.

For other Matters, see tibeatocr jiffemg, Loutcljers, sleattycr.

©liulgctl See Costs, False News. €t>mu0gutiiy. See Customs. ©nake 'eoot See Drugs.

miss.

i". The Penalties of adulterating Tobacco, extended to Snuff, 5 Geo, 1. C 11. § 22.

2. The Duties on Snuff ascertained, 12 Geo. 1. C 26.

3. Drawback on Exportation, 12 Geo. 1. C 26. § 5.

For other Matters, see ttcobacco.

Cap. See Sope.

©oenge.

Services incident to its Tenure not taken away by 12 Car. 2. 3 2 Car. 2. C 24. § 5.

For other Matters, see jjcccuttt, (Sc. (jjuardtatt.

©ituff. ©omeri&t

©onomp. See Buggery.

©oltria g.

1. Not to be conveyed at the Charge of the Counties, without

Wages, 1 EJ. 3. ft. 2. C 7. 18 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 7. 4 H. 4-

C 13.

2. Allowances granted to the Soldiers that had served King hen ry V 1 H. 6. C 5.

3. Where a Soldier beyond the Sea is outlawed, if his Captain is dead, the Certificate of his Executors or admir.iftrators shall be received, 2 H. 6. C 9.

4. A Captain shall not abate of his Soldiers Wages, which he

hath received, 18 H. 6. C 18. 7 H. 7. C I. 3 IF. 8. C 5.

2 & 3 Ed. 6. C 2.

5. Soldiers deserting within their Term to be punished as Felons,

18 H. 6. C 19. 7 H. 7: C 1. 3 f. 8. t. 2 & 3 Ed. 6.

C 2. § 6,

6. Privileges granted to the king's Tenants, that shall go with

him to his Wars, 14 Ed. 4. r. I. 4 ff. 7. r. 4. 7 H. j.c.2,

3. 3 H. 8. C 4. 14 da" 1 3 77. 8. r. 14

7. The Penalty of a Soldier making away his Horse or Harness, 2s3 Ed, 6. C 2. § 3.

8. The Penalty of discharging a Soldier or detaining his Wages,

4 & 5 P.S.. M. C 3. § 4.

9. Misbehaviour of Officers and Soldiers to be punished by the Commander, 4 dif 5 P.S.. M. C 3. § 6.

10. Each Parish to be taxed for relief of sick and hurt Soldiers

and Mariners, 35 El. C 4. 39 El. C 17. C 21. 43 El. C 3.

11. Wandering Soldiers and Mariners to settle themselves to Work, or be deemed Felons without Benefit of Clergy, 39 El. C 17.

12. Soldiers enabled to exercise Trades, 12 Car. 2. C 16. 12

Ann. ft. 1. C 13. 22 Geo. 2. C 44. 3 Geo. 3. C 8.

13. So as not to prejudice Rights of Universities, 12 Ann. Jl. 1.

C 13. § 9. 22 Geo. 2. C 44. § 2.

14. Executors of Colonels, Sc. to pay Soldiers preferably, 12 Ann. ft. 1. C 13. § 7.

15. Relief for loyal Officers and Soldiers, 13 S 14 Car. 2. C 8,

9. 15 Car. 2. C 3.

16. Soldiers not to be quartered on the Subject without Consent, 31 Car. 2. CI § 54.

17. Acts for punishing Mutiny, Sc. I Ann, ft. 2. C 16. 2 S

3 Ann. C 20. 3 & 4 Ann, C 16.

18. For recruiting the Army, 2 & 3 Ann. C 19. 3 & 4 Ann.

C I I. 4 Ann. C 10. 29 Geo. 2. C 4. 30 Geo. 2. C 8. 30

Geo. 2. C 13.

19. Lifting Soldiers for foreign Service prohibited, \2 Ann. ft. 2. r. 11. Made Felony without Clergy, 9 Geo. 2. C 30,

20. Seducing Soldiers to desert prohibited on Pain of Pillory, Sc.

1 Geo. 1. C 47. 3 Geo. 1. C 2. §, 50.

21. Punilhmentof Papists enlisting, 1 Geo. L C 47. § 3.

22. Offences against Mutiny Acts excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. § 15.

23. Foreign Pioteflants may serve as Officers or Engineers in America, to the Number of 50 Officers, and 20 Engineers, 29 Geo. 2. C 5.

24. For recruiting the Army in America, ' 29 Geo. 2. C 33.

25. Foreign Troops brought over for the Defence of Great Britain, in 1757, to he quartered as British, 30 Geo. 2. C 2.

26. Men impressed according to the AT not to be taken out of the Service, but for some criminal Matter, 30 Geo. 2. C 8. § 20.

27. Marines not liable to Arrests but for Crimes, or Debts of the the Value of 10/. 4 (?«. 3. C 8. § 37.

28. Soldiers not liable to Arrests but for Crimes, or Debts of the Value of 10/. 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 64.

29. Carriages for Soldiers in their Marches how to be provided, and at what Rates, and what Weight to carry, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 39> 4°> 43> 44*

30. Conftabjw

sol&fei#

open.

30. Constables how (0 be putilfhed for not providing such Carriages, and how to be repaid their extraordinary Charges, 4 Geo. 3. r. 3. § 40, 41, 42.

31. Soldiers how to pay for passing over Ferries in Scotland, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 68.

32. pay mailers or Agents detaining their Pay, how punished, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 38.

33. Pay mailers making undue dedu&ions, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 31.

34. Or neglecting to make up their Accounts and pay the Arrears, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 47.

35. non commissioned Officer imbezilling Soldiers Pay to be reduced, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 48.

36. And Agents disobeying the Orders of the King or his treasury, how punished, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § t9.

37. And pay mailers how to account with a soldier's Executors,

4 Geo. 3. e. 3. § 59. '

38. Clothing Money how to be paid, and Off reckoning deduced, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 32.

39. Soldiers how punished for Mutiny, Desertion, or lifting twice, 4geo. 3. C 3. § 1.

40. Justices empowered to commit Deserters, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 49.

41. And to reward such as apprehend them, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 50.

42. Doors shall not be broken open to apprehend them, without a Warrant from a Justice of Peace, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 52.

43. Penalties on Soldiers destroying the Game, 4 Geo. 3. C 3.

§ 46.

44. Penalties on Persons making false Certificates to excuse from Musters, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § to.

45. And on Officers making false Musters, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 11,

2t.

46. And on Persons falily muflered, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 14.

47. Horses falsely mustered to be forfeited, 4 Geo, 3. C 3. § 14.

48. Fictitious Names where allowed in a Muiler, 4 Geo. 3, C 3. §12.

49. What Notice to be given of a Muster, and the Rolls how to be iigned, closed and returned, ^geo. 3. C 3. § 13. 16, 17.

; o Two Justices of Peace to be present at a Muster at west minster, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 34.

51, Officers or Soldiers Wives, Children or Servants, not to be quartered without Consent, .4 Geo. 3. C 3. '§ 4;.

52* Soldiers not to be quartered in a private House, 4 Geo. 3.

C 3. § 2 2,

53, How they are to be quartered, by Constables, in Inns in Westminster and Southnuark, 4 Geo, 3. C 3. § 33, 36, 37.

34. And how in other Places, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 22, 27, 28.

53. What Innkeepers may allow Soldiers infteadof Meat, 4 Geo.

3. r. 3, § 25.

36. Justices of Peace may require an Account of their Number, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 64.

37. Reltraints of Military Officers from ailing as Justices of Peace as to quartering of Soldiers, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 23.

38. Constables, or Military Officers, taking Money for excusing from quartering Soldiers, ^.geo. 3. C 3. § 26, 66.

59. And Viduallers refusing to receive them how punished, 4gio.

3. C 3. § 66.

60. Notice to be given to Innkeepers of Subsistence Money received by Officers, and the Rates to be paid, and Officers how

to make their Accounts on nonpayment of their Quarters, 4 Geo. 3. C 33.

61. For any Crimes Soldiers shall be delivered over to the Civil Magistrate, 4 Geo. 3 C 3. § 58.

62. To be cafhicred only by the court-martial, after an Acquittal by the Civil Magistrate, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 57.

63. How punished for Immorality, Mifbchaviour or Neglefil of Duty, 4 Geo. 3. C 3i § 3.

64. Persons hastily lifting relieved, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 69.

65. Officers, Uc. in the Train of Artillery, subject to the Mutiny act, 4 Gio. 3. r. 3. § 73.

66. Troops raised in America, a cling in Conjunction with British Forces, fubje6l to the Articles of War, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 74.

3

67. This at extends to Jcfty, 4 Geo, 3. e, § 37.

68. Deserters escaping to Ireland, Jersey, (Jc. how to be tried, 4 Geo. 3. r. 3. § 55, 56.

69. Penalty of imbezilling Stores, 4 Geo. 3. C 3. § 15.

70. Rules for applying half-pay, 33 Geo. 2. e. 18. § 19.

71. Marines how punished, 33 Geo. 2. C 8. § 43.

72. Soldiers not to have the Benefit of insolvent act unless they enlist, 1 Gro. 3. C 17. § c7.

For other Flatters, see sfccoulus 3. sdbtllfm'fl'rattott, fr. 16. ssfrtcan Company 6. lac. 29. airrefts 14. Carnage to. Cbelfca l^ofpital. Court partial, Cast Jnm'a Company 33. felonies toithout Clcrgp, Tit. &>o{dicrs. jro'.eign States, jlibcrtiee, Marine; frojces, £x)tlitia, 30- fdatltament 84. jmanr

tatfons 67, Gfr. Do? 21. isjeamett, &'cips, Stamps, Stocartng 2. ca*c0 14. Crcafon 58, dc. Vagrants 10. guar, grills 7.

/» d.

10 0

0 z

0 J

0 I

0 I

©oh'ctto^ See Attorneys,

©omerfet^oufe.

Allured to Queen Charlotte for Life, 2 Geo. 3. C I

©ometfetfi&i're.

Its Fishery how preserved, 1 Ja. 1. C 23.

For other Matter, see jdjapctg, jfift),

©011j5 Of tljc See Corporation of the

Sons of the Clergy.

©opc.

1. Every too Weight of Sope imported, pays 2 W, & m.fejf, 2. C 4. § 47.

2. And every Pound -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ■■ —

10 Ann. C 19. § r.

And -- -- -- -- -- - ■ • - —

r 2 ann.jl. 2. C 9. § 1.

And homemade............. ............. — - — -

Ann. C 19. § 1.

And -- -- -- " --

12 Ann, ft. 2, C 9. § I.

6. White Ashes not 10 be exported, 2 fcf 3 Ed. 6. C 26.

The Duty laid on Sope, ro Ann. C 19. Made perpetual and Part of general Fund, 3 Geo. 1. C 7. 12 ann.jl. 2. C g.

8. Drawback on Sope uled in the Woollen Manufaflures, ro Ann. C 19. § 29. 12 Ann, ft. 2. C 9. § ]6.

1. Barrel of Sope to contain z56 Pounds, every Firkin 64 Pounds, besides the Tare of the Caff, 10 Ann. C 19. § 8.

0. Penalty of swearing false, 10 Ann. C 19, § 31. 12 ann.jl. 2, C 9. § 18.

1. Cake Soap need not be barrelled, 10 Ann, C 26, § 111. r 2• The Duties laid by 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. Made perpetual by

6 Geo. 1. C 4. in order to be subscribed into South Sea Fund, and the Surplus mortgaged to the Bank by 2 Geo. 2. C 3,

j3. Penalty on concealing Sope, 1 Geo. 1. C 36. § 14.

14. On beginning to Work without giving Notice, 11 Geo, 1,

C 3°. § 33- ‘

5. Penalty on Officer falsely admitting Notice, n Geo. 1. C 30,

§ 38.

For other Matters, see Sbatlfe 18. ciltldlcs 17, 21. coopcf

2. cucl'oms, jsrunns,

©opfjfa (ipty'ncefg,)

Naturalised, 4 Ann. C 1 & 4.

For other Matters, see sung,

1

outfit ta Company

^>ptcc0.

Sed Conjuration.'

©cut&ampton

1. Tts Charter confirmed, Ac. 4 Ja. 1. C 10.

2. For Improving the Waterworks there, 20 Geo. z. C 15.

For other Matters, see ijnthouts.

0out5' ea Slnmutfe^. See south-sea Company.

©ou£l>0ea 'Bonn.

Stealing them made'feiony, 2 Geo. 2. C 25. § 3.

g>cutf) -- ea Company.

1. Establishment of the south.sea Company, and their Fund, 9

Ann. C 21. 3 Gto. I. C 9.

2. Their Stock exempt from Taxes, 9 Ann. C zi, § 38.

3. Company to have the Places they shall possess, and the Prizes taken, 9 Asm. C 21. § 50, -51.

4. Commanders of Ships to obey company's Inltruftions, 9 Ann. C zt. § 52.

-5. Persons born in the company's Possessions to be deemed natural Subjefb, 9 Ann. C zi. § 53.

6. No Embargo on their Ships unless named, 9 Ann. C 21.

§ 54-

7. Not to interfere with the £19? In A a company's Trade, cyann, C zt. §'5&.

8. Their Ships to pass and repass through the Straights of Magellan, 9 Ann. e. 21. § 58.

9. Their Stock for the Fishery, 9 Ann. C zi. § 59.

10. The same Persons not to be Directors of this Company and of the Rank or India Company, 9 Ann. e. 21. § 61.

i t. Treasurer of the Navy, Ac. may mortgage south-sea Stock for the public Use, 10 Ann. C ig. § 185.

12. Their Trade to continue notwithlianding the Redemption of their Fund, 10 Ann. C 30.

13. Enlargement of the south-sea Funds, 1 Geo. 1. C 21. 5

Geo. 1. C ig. 6 Geo. 1. C 4. — Not to purchase Crown lands nor. lend Money to the Crown, 6 Geo. 1. C 4. § 66.

14. Annuities of 600, 000/. reduced to 500, 000/. 3 G o. 1. C 9.

15. Lottery Annuities subscribed into the south-sea Stock, 5 Geo.

1. C 19.

16. Agreement with the south-sea Company for redeeming the public Debts, 6 Geo. 1. C 4.

17. Exchequer Eills made out for the south-sea Company, 6 Geo. 1. C 10.

is. For punifin'ng the Frauds of the south-sea Diteflors, Ac. 7 Geo. 1. C I, 2, A z 8. 8 Geo. I. C 23. 9 Geo. 1. C 23. 10 Geo. 1. C 14. 13 Geo. 1. C 22. 2 Geo. z. C 8.

19. For grafting their Stock into the Bank and India Company, 7 Geo. 1. r. 5.

20. Discharge of their Payments to the Public, 7 Geo. I. C 5.

4 34. y Geo. i.ji.z. 8 Geo. I. C 20. §6. C 21. 9geo. 1.

.0. 6.

21. 'Treasury to rectify certain Mistakes in south-sea Books, 8 Geo. I. C zz. § z.

2z. Creation of the Old south-sea Annuities, 9 Geo. \. C § 3.

23. Liberty for the south-sea Company to ship Negroes at ma dago/car, 13 Geo. I. C 8.

24. Redemptions of south-sea Stock, 1 Geo. z.ji. 2. r. 8. § 19.

j3 Geo. 2. C 16. § 4. 5 Geo. 2. C 17.

25. Direitions for Trustees, 3 Geo. 2. C 16. § 8.

zt. Quarterly Deficiencies to be made good out of Aggregate Fund, 3 Geo. 2. C 20. zo. ezj. Redemption of South Sea Annuities out of Sinking Fund, 4 Geo, z. C 5. And see 6 Geo. 2, C 25. 9 Geo. z, C 34. 16

Geo. z. C 19. § 35.

28. New south-sea Annuities created, 6 Geo, 2. C 28.

29. Restrained from issuing Bonds without a general Court, 6

Geo. 2. C 28. § 26. 7 Geo. 2. C ly.

30. Fund for their Annuity supplied, 20 Geo. 2. e. 3. § 60.

31. The Company continued till the Annuities shall be redeemed, 24 Geo. 2. C 2. § 31.

32. The company's Annuity reduced, 24 Geo. 2. C it.

33. Their Servants imbezilling their Effects made Felony, 24 Geo. 2. C 11. § 3.

34. The first and second subscribed south-sea Annuities to be consolidated, 25 Geo. 2. C 27. $ 26.

35. The Number of Diredlors reduced to twenty-one, z6geo. 2. C 16.

36. The King may be Governor of the south-sea Company, 1 Geo. 3. C 5.

For other Matters, see ^utulttlcg, ibank, Bankrupt 17.

hbooks 16. ibjokcrs 12. Canbles 10. Coals 38. Customs 62, 65. Cart 3nbta Company', Cjccife 42, Ac. felonies tottljout Clergp, Jrimtrn,, Jnfurancc

9. 3ltnen 15. j£>ope 12. Cobacto 3.

gxnttljuiarfc.

1. The Inhabitants of the Stews there, not to be returned on Juries, 11 H. 6. e. t.

2. No Market to be held in the High Street of Southwark, nqr Hackney Coaches, (Ac. to ply there, 28 Geo. 2. C 9.

3. Instead thereof a Market to be held in a Place called the Triangle, 28 Geo. 2. C 23. 30 Geo. 2. C 31.

For other Matters, see Debt, Ac.

€)pam

Commerce with Spain prohibited during the War, 13 Geo, z. r. 27.

gipattut attu of Jfiflj. See Fish. apices

1. For garbling Spices, 1 Ja. 1. C 19. Repealed 6 Ann. e. 16,

2. Duty on Spices imported, 6 A yw. 3. e. 7. Made perpetual by 7 Ann, C 7. and part of Bank Fund: And the Surplus part of the Aggregate Fund, 1 Geo. 1. e. 12.

3. May be imported in English Ships whereof the Mailer and two Thirds of the Mariners arc English, 6 A y IV 3. C 7. § 3.

4. Additional Duty, 3 A 4 Ann. C 4. Made perpetual by 7 Ann. C 7. and part of Bank Fund : And the Surplus part of the Aggregate Fund, 1 Geo 1. e. 12.

5. New Duties on Spices, Raisins and Snuff, 8 Ann. C 7. § 6.

6. The Duties laid by 8 Anne. y. made perpetual by 6 Geo. 1, C 4. in order to be subscribed into south-sea Stock.

7. Long Pepper not chargeable with the farther new Duty of is.

6d. by 8 Ann. C 7. 9 Ann. C 6. § 59.

8. Dirt in Pepper, Acto be destroyed, 10 Ann. C 26. § 45.

9. Licences to import Spices shall specify the Quantity and Place of landing, 6 Geo. I. C 21. •§ 45.

10. Spices packed in small Parcels forfeited, 6 Geo. 1. C 2.1. § 47-.

it. Duties on Spices ascertained, 8 Geo. 1. C 15. § 17, 18.

12. Licences to import Spices shall be delivered up at entering the Ship, 8 Geo. 1. C is. § 21.

For other Matters, see Coffee, Ac. cuftolus, jftttldg,

(Bjoccrp ffijares.

Spirits ana 0tcono: ghatei#. See Brandy, ©pitftttal Cult See Ecclesiastical Courts, ©pltai See Churches,

Squibs,

Stamps

8>guib#. i

Prohibited,, and declared public Nufances, 9 & \ ow, 3, e, .j.

tabbing.

The Statute of Stabbing, 1 Ja. 1. C 8,.

Stage <£oacfje0. See Coaches.

Stage piap& See Plays.

stamfoju aro.

To be assessed to the Train Bands in Lincolnjhire, 15. Car. 1. r. 4.

§ 20.. «. t. 't,,

1. A Tax on Proceedings at Law, expired 22 23 Car. 2. C 9.

2. Grant of a Stamp Duty, 5 IV & mc. 21. Continued by 5 Ann.

19. and made perpetual and part of the Aggregate Fund by j Geo. 1. C iz. The second Stamp Duty, 9 Cff 10 W. 3. *■..25. ' A third, iz Ann. ft. 2. C 9. §21. Another, 12 Geo.. 1, C 33. z3 Geo. 2. C 25. Another, 36 Geo. z. C 19. Another, 32 Geo. 2. C 33. Another, 2 Geo. 3. C 36.

3. Exemptions from the Stamp Duty, and the Penalty lessened, 6 tff 7 W. 3. C 12.

4. Provisions to prevent Frauds in the Stamps, 1. Ann. ft. 2. C 22.

5. Admissions of Freemen before 1 Dee. 1705, without Stamps, made good, 4 Ann. C .12. §.8.

6. attorni'es not to incur any Penalty of the Stamp Acts for Default of the other Party, 5 Ann. r.19. § 29.

7. Warrants of the Chief Juilices in Eyre exempted from Stamp Duties, 10 Ann. C 26. § 74.

(A)

The Clauses particularly relating to each Instrument charged with. Stamp Duties, reduced to an Alphabetical Method. -

(B)

Clauses concerning the Officers for the Management of Stamp Duties.

C

More general Clauses relating to and enforcing the Payment of Stamp Duties..

CD

Clauses for the Security of those who advanced Money on the Credit of the Stamp Duties.

(A)

Clauses particularly relating to each Instrument, iftc.

PR Of publtcb ii3otarp, Sec the Duties on Notarial Acts.

Stamp.

I. J d.

jsfftotu entered in'

an inferior Court

that holds Plea of

foity Shillings, > o o 6

but issues no J

Writ, Process or

Mandate, pays

And. o o 6

And o o 6

sldjutiicatioit in ]

Scotland) 1 o J

^fumfntftrattott: -).

Letters, of E

Hates above a I s

20 A Value,

And 0 s o

s jt.&m.c. 2i., § 3...

9 fcf 10iv. 3. e. 25. § 32. 12 Geo. 1. C 33. § 3.

10 Anne. 19. § too.

5 J?'. dsf AA f. 21. § 3.

9 Ssf to f. 3. C 25. § 19;

Fxceptions in. favour of common Soldiers and Seamen, 5 W. yjf.r. 21. §6. 9 y 10 IV 3. r. § 4^.. t

/. /. A jctnnftaltp = &ett* j tcncc. Attach I - „ „ „ ment and Ref 5 0 S • ^ M. e. 21. § 3;

laxation thereof, J

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 050 9^ 10 3. f. 25. § 17,.

Warrant, Moniti 1 /. - - -

on, or Personal > 5 W. & M. C 21. § 3.

Decree, J

And -- -- -- -- : -- o. 2 6 9 fcf iot. 3. f. 25., § 24..

‘ Libel, Allegation, *

Deposition fwer. or final And

spomifli'otf into a'

Corporation, or.

Company, Innofv Court, or Chan / eery, or Matriculation.

And

el, Allegation, -) position, Ani r. Sentence, f inal Decree, J

0 o 6 s TV. tf M. C 21. § 3; 006 9 fcf 10 IF. 3. r. 25. § 36.

o 1 o 5 ?/'. f Ihr. 21. § 3. -

and'into Inns of

Court, -- --

To a Fellowship' ' the College of ' Physicians.. to any Office of any Court' not being )» z an Annua] Office under the Value of ten Pounds per

Annum, -- -- -- --

And ■ 2 o

And -- -- -- -- -- -- 2 o

o 9 10 W. 3. C 25. § 27...

O 2 G; 3; r. 36. § 2.

„ 5ff.ynff.21; §3.

6 7 IV 3. r. 12. § 5,

o 9 £5! 10^.3. C 25. §9,.. 10. o 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 21.

For Admittance to a Copyhold Estate, see what follows under Copyhold.

3jfcbcrttfcnteitt in 7

Weekly Paper

pays

And

periodical Pamphlets, published at a greater Interval than a Week, pays

And

And

i0 1 o 10 Ann. C 19. § jot.

J - 0 I o 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § I.

lg the D uty in Time foifeits treble the Sum,

18. ■

> O 2 0 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § I.

> o o 6 5 w.lftm.c. 21. § 3..

o o 6 9 & LO IV 3. C 25. § 28, 20.

0 o 6 32 Geo. 2. C 35- § 2, 3.

Affidavit of plaintiff's Cause of Action pays as other affidavits, 12 g10. ]. C 29. § 2.

Exceptions in favour of Affidavits concerning burying in Woollen -- -- -- and those taken before Custom Officers, or Justices

of the Peace, or Commissioners for raising the king's Duties,. 5 W. y M. C 21. § 3. 9 ow. 3. C 2$. § 28.. 32 Gee, 2.

e. 33.. § 2.

And those made for the Allowance of Duties on Sope used in the Woollen Manufacture, 10 Ann. C 19. § 29, 30. 12 Ann.

ft. 2. C 9. § 16, 17.

What payable for Affidavits of Performance of Quarentine, 9 Ann. C 2. § 6, 7.

*ple Hkenee. See the Duties on Licence.

sswe^atfon

stamps

Stamps.

i.

Allegation in the } Spiritual,, or Ad I miralty - Court, > o and Copy thereof, \

pay -- -- -- -- -- j

And • ■ - o

Almanacli for one Year primed on one side of Paper,

pays -- -- -- --

And -- -- -- -- -- o

Other Almanacs) Q for one Year, pay j And ■ — o

t. d.

o 6

o 6 o I

o I

O 2 O 2

\, •

5 TV. y M. C 21. § 3.

9 y to W. 3. C 23. § 36.

9 Ann. C 23. § 23.-

30 Geo. 2. C 19. § I.

9 Ann. C 23. § 23.-30 Geo. 2. C 19. § I.

Those for more Years pay for three Years, 9 Ann. C 23. § 23 y 53. and the additional Duty for every Year, 30 Geo. 2, e. 19. § i

What Book to be deemed an Almanac, 10 Ann. C 19. § 175. One Sheet only needs to be damped, 9 Ann. C 23. § 26, Provisoes in favour of Almanacs in Bibles and Common prayer Books, and saving the Rights of Proprietors of Almanacs, 9 Ann. C 25. § 52, 53. 4, f" ‘

What Security is to be taken for Payment of the Duty on Paper delivered to the Printers of Almanacs, 'and what Allowance is to be made for the Copies of such Almanacs as shall be brought to the Commissioners, 9 Ann. C 23, § 38.

3pnftj0et in Court! of Equity pays j And ■ '

Copy thereof -- -- --

And ■ -- -- -

And '. ■

Appeal from the Court of admi j ralty. Arches, or' Prerogative Court t of Canterbury Or' York, pays And

And such Appeal, "J and every Appeal / from the Admi p ralty of Scotland,

pays -- -- -- -- --

For Writs of Appeal.

3jjppcaranceonfpe? C cial Bail pays J And -- -- -- -- -

\

On common Bail, or without Bail

And -- --

And -- --

: }

t. d.

i o 5 tv. y m. C 21. § 3.

1 o 9 y 10 tv. 3; c.'25. § 26.

o i T. y mr. 21. § 3. o i 9 y 10 w. 3. C 25. § 40, o i 32 Geo. 2. C 35. § 8.

o o 5 tv.15 M. e. 21. § '3.1

o o 9 y to TV. 3. C 25. § 11.

00 12 Ann. ft. 2, C 9. § 21,

See the Duties on Writs.

5 TV. y M. C 21. § 3.

9 y 10 w. 3. C 25. §'23,

5 tv. y m. C 21. § 3.

9^ 10 TV. 3. r. 25. § 33. 4 Ann. C 12. § 9.

32 Geo. 2. r.. 3 5. § 4:

Penalty for not entering, or filing an Appearance within the Time limited by Statute, 5 TV. Q M. C 21. % 3. 9 y to IV

3 r. 25. §33.

Apprentices Mailers pay 6 d. in the Pound for 50/. or under, and one Shilling for more, 8 Ann. C 9. § 32.

■ -- - On Pain of 50/. 9 Ann. C 21. § 66. And double the

Duty, 18 Geo. 2. C 22. § 24.

The Time of Payment enlarged by several Statutes, 9 r. 21. § 65. 12 ifa*. ft. 2. C 9. § 31. 6 Gfr. 1. r. 1 I. § 52.

7 Gra. 1./. 1. C 20. § 30. 8 Geo. 1. C 2. § 38. LI Geo. 1.

C 8. § 24. 18 Geo, 2. (. 22. § 23. 27 Geo. 2, C 16. § 5, 28 Geo. 2. C 19. § 4.

Things given with Apprentices, not being Money, how to be valued, 8 Ann. C 9. § 4.;.

The Indenture to bear Date when executed, and to specify the Sum given, on Pain of double the Sum, 8 Ann. C 9. § 35. And of the apprentice's, being disabled from following his Trade, C 8 Ann. C 9. § 39.

And of the Indentures being no Evidence, 8 Ann. C g. § 43. Within what Time to be brought to'the Office and stamped, and the Duty when to be paid, 8 Ann. C 9. §'36, 37, 38. Penalties on nonpayment of Apprenticeihip Duties to be discharged on Payment of double Duties, 20 Geo, 2. C 45. § 5. Encouragement to Apprentices paying the Duty in the matter's Default, 18 Geo. 2. C 22. § 23. 20 Geo. 2. C 45. § 3.

Provisoes in favour .of Indentures for binding poor Children Apprentices, gy 10 TV. 3. C 25. § 30. 8 Ann. C 9,. § 40.

12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 22.

afturance, See the Duties on Policies.

afturance Corporation bonds exempt from Stamp Duties, 6 Geo. 1. C 18. § 8.

Attachment from the Court of admiralt^. See the Duties on Admiralty. ' •

Attojnep, what to pay for his Admittance. See the Duties on Admittance.

/. s. d. • <

Letter of Attorney 0 G 6 s lv% y mc. 21. § 3.

And ' — 1 -- -- -- - • o o 6 9 y 10 TV. 3. C '25. § 37.'

And — — — 0 0 6 1 2 Ann: ft. 2. C 9. § 21.

And -- -- -- -- — o 1 o 30 Geo. 2: C 19. § 1..

Sail, See the Duties on Appearance.

Bail Bond may be assigned, but not sued before it is stamped, 4 Ann. C 16. § 20. llsanh Securities exempt from Stamp Duties, 3 Geo. 1. C 8. § 39. hbamfter. See Degrees. -

Higatchcloj. of Arts not chargeable with the Duty of 40/. 6 y 7 W. 3. C 12. § 3. 9 y 10 TV. 3. C 23. § 51. 12 Ann. ft. 2.

C 9. § 22.

■jlsfll in Equity pays And -- -- -- -- -- -- --

Copy -- -- -- -- -- -

And -- -- -- -- --

And -- -- -- -- -- -

/. s. d.

5 w. y m. 0.21. § 3 '.

9 y 10 tv. 3. C 23. § 26. 3 WM. C 21. § 3.

9 y 10 IV 3. C 25. § 40. 32 Geo. 2. C 35. § 8.

Bills of Exchange, or of Fees, Or Parcels, yr. pay nothing, 3 IV y m. C 2t. § 5. 9 y 10 tv. 3. C 25. § 43.

Bill of Lading pays 0049 Ann. C 23. § 23.

Bills of middle/ex. See the Duties on Writs.

115ont> pays And — And — And —

1.

o

o

o

o

d.

6

6

6

o

5 w. y M. C 21. § 3.

9 y 1 ow. 3. C 25. § 37. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C g. § 21. 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 1.

3 tv. y m. C 21. § 3.

9y io IV 3. C 25. § 69. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 22.

115?ief forcolledting Charity, pays the ( single Duty of f 0 forty Shillings J Capias. See the Duties on Writs.

carlls per Pack pay 0069 Ann. C 23. § 39.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- - o o 6 29 Geo. 2. C 13. § I.

Certificate on idegtecs. See the Duties on Degrees.

Certificate on I TV M. C 21. § 3.

Marriage, pays j 5 9 y 10 IV 3. r. 25. § 33.

Proviso in favour of Seamens Widows, 6 y 7 TV. 3. C 12. § 2.

Certificates for? Q *, r„.

Drawbacks, pay j 0 0 8 9^"* 23‘ § 23-

Provift)

stamps'

Proviso in favour of Certificate; concerning Soap used in Woollen Work,, jo Ann. C 19. § 29, 30. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 16,

17-

Certificates for Performance of Quarentine, what to pay, 9 Ann. C z. § 7.

Ccrtiojari, See Duties on Writs.

/. r.

Charter Party in England, pays

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 006

A nd i n Great Britain, 006

| o o 6 C W.IA M. C 2t. § 3.

Citlque $5ojt|5. See Admiralty. Circuit Pardon pays 1

9 y 1 o 77' 3. C 25. § 3 7. lz Ann. ft. 2. r. 9. § 21.

Citation in eccle fiailical Courts, pays

J

5 TV. y M. C 21. § 3.

9^ 10 TT'. 3. C 25. § 3, 50. 12 Ann. ft. 2. r. 9. § 21.

And

And

065 //'. y M. r. 21. § 3.

Copy thereof And

Clare cotigat in'

o

o

o

o

6 9 y 1 o TV. 3. C 25, § 36.

6 12 Gro. 1. C 33. § 3.

6 5 77'. y M. C 21. § 3.

6 9 y 10 77'. 3. r. 25. § 36.

Scotland, pays

023 10 Ann. C 19. § 100.

Clcvfcfi. «5tnnittance. See the Duties on Admittance.

Clerks indentures are liable to the same Duties as Apprentices Indentures, for which see the Duties on Apprentices.

/. r. d.

Cognition of Heirs 1 III Scotland, pays 3 Collation. See the Duties on Presentation Comimflioti Eccle)

o 2 3 10 Ann. C 19. § 100.

fiallical nor other V wise charged, pays J And ■ Comintffions of ^ .Rebellion do not ( pay as Letters f

Patent

Common !3ecoberp.

Contract or other j

obligatory inftru t 0 0 6

ment, pays j

And - 0 0 6

And if a Deed 0 0 6

Copp of a Record, \

or other Proceed C

ing at West min C 0 0 6

fter, pays J

0 0 6

Of a Will 0 0 1

And 0 0 1

0 2 6 5 TV. y M. C 21. § 3.

326 9 y 10 w. 3. C 25. § 23.

6 y 7 TV. 3. C 12. § 4.

12 Ann. ft. 2. r. 9. § 21.

See the Duties on Writs.

5 tv. y 1w. C 21. § 3.

9 y 10 w. 3. r. 2;. § 37.

12 Ann. ft. 2. r. g. § 21.

5 77'. y a7. r. 21. § 3,

9 y 10 77',?. r. 23. § 33. 5 77'. y a7. r.zi. $ 3.

9 y 10 TT. 3. r. 25. § 41.

Coppljolu Surrenders, or Copies, or neither within 5 TV. y a7.

— 6 y 7 TV. 3. C 12. § 2. 9 y 10 77'.

nor 9 y 1 o TV. 3.

3. C 25. § 4;.

But such Surien '| ders, Copies and Admittances, except to the Use of a Will, or to a,

Cullom Right or Tenant Right filiate, pay -- -- - J

Covenant. See the Duties on Writs.

Couittp Palatine,.

and Duchy of / *»

Lane after Letters ^

Patent, or Ex 7 emplification of the same, pay v0l, IX Tab,

10 Ann. C 19 § too.

12 Ann. ji. I. C 2. §48.

2005 w. y M. (, 21. § 3.

/. d.

And ■ — — 2 0 O

And 2 0 O

Grants of Profits "1

under the Seal of (

the said Duchy |

or County pay J

And 2 0 O

Process from

Counties Pala > 0 6

tine pays — — }

And

9 y 10 77'. 3. C 25.

I 2 Ann. ft. 2, C 9. § 21.

5 77'. y M. C 21. § 3.

9 77'. 3. r. 25. § 2. spv.&m.c. 2i.

9y 10 77^ 3. C 2;. § 31,

ctiftotn lri'gbt fiiurrcntier to a Coppljolb. See Copyhold. Debentures fo? jdjatobacbs, See Lertificates. idcclaration and 1

Copy pay — j °

And -- - ■ — — o o

1 5 77'. y M. C 21. § '3.

1 9 y 10 77'. 3. C 25. § 3s.

6 5 TV y M. r. 21. § 3,

» o o 6 9 y 10 77'. 3. r.23. § 30.

jdccrcc, or Dismiss' fton of a Court; of Equity — ^

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o o 6 9 y 10 TV. 3. C 23. § t 3.

Decree in the Admiralty, or Cinque Ports. Seethe Duties on Admiralty.

dctumtls .!5otettatetn. See the Duties on Writs.

sdecb inroiled, pays o 5 o 5 TV. y M. C 21. § 3.

Exempt from further Duties -- -- -- -- by 9 y 10 TT. 3. r. 23. § 32.

Indentures, or }

Deeds not o( (,,,,,,.,,

char £ 0 6 5 6 77". y M. C 21. § 3.

ged, pay -- -- -- -- - 3

And unless they 1 are madeforbind ing Parish children Apprentices.

And all Deeds in'

Great Britain, not othertvife charged by 12 Ann. except Bail Bonds and Assignments thereof, and Api prentices Indentures of Poor or Charity - Children, and Deeds in Scotland changed with the Duty of z s. 3 d. J

And -- -- -- -- -- --

And if ingroff' ed without being stamped, not to be Evidence without Payment of the further Sum of -- -- -- -- -- -- -- J

o 6 12 Ann. ft. 1. C 9. § 2 r.

30 Geo. z. C 19, § L

^■5 o o 5 r. y M. C 21. § 11.

And

the two i ties, or ( F Court, I

10 o o 9 y 10 TV, 3. C 23. § 59.

2 o o 5f' y M 21. § 3.

gy 10 TV. 3. r.25. § 51.

2 0 0 2 Gf0. 3. r. 36. § 2.

jdcgrcc in the two Univeifities Inns of pays

For the Degree } of Utter Barriller 3 Exception in Favour of Bachelors of Arts, 6 (ft 7 TV. 3. r. 12. § 3. 9 y 10 7/'. 3. r. 25. § 5 1.

sdcmumt in Law 1

and Copy there % o o 1 5 TV..TP M. C 21. § 3.

of pay -- -- -- -- J

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o 0 1 9 y 10 //'. 3. r. 25. § 38, 39,

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 00133 Geo. 2, C 33. § 9, 10.

X In

Stamp

In Equity And

Copy thereof

And -- -- -- --

And

0 V

; s

jdcpofftiolts taken "i in the Court of ( Equity by Com f million pay — — J

And -- -- -- -- - — -- --

Depositions in V Chancery (except ✓ Paper Draughts taken by com mission before en grofled) —

Copies of depoflo tions, and Depo I fitions not taken > by Commission \

-- -- -- -- -- - 3

And -- -- -- -- -- -- --

And -- -- -- -- -- -- --

Depositions in the V ■ecclefiailical, Ad a miralty.orcinquev, Port Courts, and A Copies thereof, V pay -- -- -- -- -- -- J

And ■ -- -- --

1.

o

o

o

o

o

I 5 TV. b M. e, 21. § 3.

1 io IV 3, 2r s 38. z 5 IV & M. c.zi.\ I 1 9 b 10 TV. 3, j §

1 32 Geo. z. C 35. § 8.

1 o 5w.bm.c. 21. § 3.

1 o 9 b 10 TV 3. 23. § 26.

o 1 32 Gee. 2. C 35. § 8.

o 1 5 W. b M. C 21. § 3,

1 9 b 10 W. 3. C 25. § 40.

1 32 Geo. 2. C 35. § S.

o o 6 5 w.b mc. 21. § 5,

o 6 9 b 10 W. 3, C 23. § 36.

509 Ann. C 23. § 3g.

5 o 29 Gfo. 2. C 13. § 1. idtfmifli'on, See the Duties on Decrees.

3d ice per Pair pay — And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

jdifpcttfatton from the Archbiflv'p, or Mailer of the Faculties, pays

And — -...... -

And -- -- -- -- -- -

]

o 5 W. b M. C 21. § 3.

2

2

cb 10 W. 3. r. 25. §8. \2 Ann. ft. 2. r. g, § 21.

idoitatt'oit. See Duties on Presentation.

sdja'bobncfe. See the Duties on Certificate, dccclefiaftical Courts, juftrumcuts attb ^joccetiitss. See the Duties on the several I nllruments. fiblttt'p Of *$kiotts. See the Duties on Aflions.

cbnttp Of glints Of ©troj. See the Duties on Writs. ©jtcmplfficattons Of lcttcts patent. See the Duties on Grants.

/. r. d.

cycmpltscation L

under Seal of any > o 3 o 5 tv.bm.c. 21. § 3*

Court, pays J

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o 5 o 9b to W. 3. C z. § 12.

fttinz. See the Duties on Writs.

<®; atttsby the King' under the Great Seal, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine

of Uncafter, of'y w.b mc. 21. §3

any Honour, Dig r nity, Promotion,

franc'mte, or Privilege, and Exemplifications thereof, pay J

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o o 9 b 10 TV. 3. C 25. § 2.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- a o o z Ann. ft.

Grant of any Sum ' exceeding too., under the grcatv or Privy Seal, not direfled to they Great Seal And ■

/. 1, d.

2 0 o 3 w.b M, e. 21. § 3.

Every such Grant i under .the Great t Seal of Scotland J

And Grant of Office or Employment above 5 per Ann.

And —

And every such 1

CL 1

Of

loy /

Grant in Great C Britain, pays J Grant under the' Great, Exchequer, Duchy, County Palatine, or Privy Seal, of Lands in )■ See, or for Years, or other Grants of Profits not particularly charged And -- -- -- -- -- -- --

o o 9 b 10 W. 3, C 25. § 4. o o j2 ann.ft. 2. C 9. § zio

o 5 W. b M. C 21. § 3*

o o gb 10 W. 3. C 25. § 5* o o 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § z.

2 o o $ W. b M. C 21. § 3.

o 9 b 10 IF". 3. C 23. § 6„

habeas Corpus, See the Duties on Writs, 31nbenturcc, See the Duties on Deeds and Apprentices, /. 1. d.

5 0

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 050

And -- -- -- -- - — ■ — — 050

3snflttution pays — o

}

Infhitution, or LI cence by the presbyters in Sco'land

33nterrogatoiies in \

Equity -- -- -- -- j

And ■ -- -- -- -- --

Copy -- -- -- -- -- -- -

And — — -- -- -- -- -- -

And -- -- -- -- -- -- --

5 w.b M. C 21. § 3.' gb 10 TV. 3. C 25. § 14* 12 Ann. ft. C 9. § 21.

3hnbentojp exhibit -- j ed in Ecclefialti / cal. Admiralty, > or Cinque Port \

Courts, -- -- -- -- J

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

Copy thereof -- -- --

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

3rtttgment signed in h any Court at West > pays — J And ■ ■ ■ -

o

o

o

o

5 O 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9, § 21.

1 o 5 TV. b M. e. 21. § 3.

1 o 9 10 b TV. 3. C 25. § 26.

o 1 5 w.b mc. 21. § 3.

o 1 9 b io TV. 3. C 25. § 40.

o 1 32 Gro. 2. r. 35. § 8.

0065 TV. b M. C 21. § 3.

o 0 -6 9 b 1 o TV. 3. C 2;. § 36. 0065 IF. b M. C 21, § 3, o o 6 9 b 10 W. 3. r. 23. § 36.

o 2 6 s tsf 2w. r. 21. § 3..

g b 10 W. 3. r. 2;. § 22.

fealeituar. See the Duties on Almanacs.

Labing 115tll — — — 0049 Ann. C 23. § 3.

Latitat -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 0 o 6 5 w.b M. C 21. % 3.

And ■ ■ — o o 6 9 tsf 10 TV. 3. r. 25. § 31.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 00612 Geo. 1. C 33. § 2.

Lcafe. See the Duties on Deeds.

Letters patent. Letters of 3ptto?neg attb <$tmitmfltnttort.

See the Duties on Briefs," Counties Palatine, Grants, administration and Attorneys.

Letters of &j)avt — o

And -- -- -- -- --

And ■ - -- -- -

/. d.

0 s 0 5 TV. b M. C 21. § 3.

0 5 0 9 b io TV. 3. r. 23. § 18,

0 5 0 12 Aff. ft. 2. r. 9. $ 21. j 7

Libel

•stamps

31 ibcl and G

thereof, pays And ■

lurence by an ec clefiailical Court, or Ordinary

And -- -- -- -- -

And

'■> | o

By the Presbytery lin Scotland, ex 1 cept to Tutors > and School ma ^ fters.

/. /. in, V

0 0 6 5 W. 1a M. C 21. 5 3*

0 0 6 9 ZA 10 W. 3. C 25. § 36.

0 S 0 5 W, AM. C 21. § 3.

0 S 0 9 Of 10 W. 3. C 25. § 14.

0 5 0 1 z An. ft. 2. C 9. § 21.

0 5 0 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 21.

Licence of Marriage exempt from the Duties granted by 9 & loit.j. C 25.5 53.

Penalties for marrying without Licence, or Banns in England, 7 y 8 f, 3. C 35. § 1, 2, 3. 10 Ann. C 19. § 176* 177,

178.

Or for being so married, 7 IA 8 IV 3. C 35. § 4.

Licence for retailing Wine, -- -- -- -

And where nop other Licence isc

taken out -- -- -- -- ^

Where a Licence J for retailing Ale, C fac. is taken out 3 Where a Licence -) for retailing Spi / Liquors is f

taken out -- -- -- -- J

For retailing Ale, 1

lac. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- f

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

/.

o

i.

o

o o

9 Ann. C 23. § 23.

30 Geo. 2. C 19. § i.

30 Geo. z. C 19. § 1.

30 Geo.

19. § I,

o 9 Ann. C 23. § 23.

— - 1 o o 29 Gen. 2. C 12. § 1

Penalties on Persons taking Recognifances of Sellers of Ale without firflcaufing Stamp Licences to be made out, 6 Geo. 1 <•.21.5 56.

Licences for keeping Alehouses on the Military Roads in Scot land, exempted, 20 Geo. 2. C 12. § 19.

^annate. See the Duties on Writs.

damage Licence Of Certificate, See Licence and Certificate. Marfljal Court,

Matriculation

And -- -- -- - —

See the Duties on Process.

/.

d.

o 1 o 5 W. ia M. C 2t. § 3. o i o 9 y 10 W. 3. C 25. § 27.

Monition, or personal Decree in the Admiralty, or Cinque Ports. See the Duties on Admiralty.

d.

6 SV. 1a 71/. C 21. §3.

Monition, or CIV tation in the Ec f clefiaftical Courts, S and Copies cfl them j 1. s. \ 0 0

And • 0 0

6 9 1a 10 W. 3. C 25. § 36.

6 12 Geo. 1. C 33. § 3.

33$lbg 33ai)crs, See the Duties on Pamphlets.

3i5ifi |0ftt!g. See the Duties on Pofteas.

I.!. d.

jftotarial 31s -- -- -- o o 6 5 W. IA M. C 21. § 3.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o o 6 9 is110 tt. 3.0. 25. § 37-

j»otopamu0inscot 1, 0r. 19. § >00.

w- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

jdfficerc at Sea pay the same as thofeatland, 61a y Mr. 3. C 12.

56. 91a 10 AT. 3. r. 25. § 46:

sdjtcts, See the Duties on Rules.

4>; {ginal Writs. See the Duties on Writs.

j 1

So o J

J >

tan nan,, ling one i y -- -- -- -3

.to Ann. C 19. § for. f 11 Geo. 1. C 8. § 14.

/.

Original Instruments of Surrender, or resignation of heretable Rights, Original Retour of Service

of Heirs, Original y o 2 J 10 Ann. C 19, § too,

Saifine, Original "

inftrumentsofsur render, or resignation Service, or Cognition of Heirs in Scotland, pay isalatine. See the Duties on County Palatine. fdamt>l)lct0 and News Papers of half a Sheet or

less, pay -- -- -- --

Larger than half, ■ not exceedii Sheet, pay

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o ooj 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 1.

Larger than one Sheet and not exceeding six in Octavo, or twelve in Quarto, or twenty in Folio, pay z i. for every Sheet in one printed Copy, 10 Ann. C 19. § 101.

Clauses showing how and under what Penalties such Papers are to be stamped before they are printed, to Ann, C 19. § 104, 105.

And printed Copies to be brought to the Office and entered, to Ann. C 19. § in.

And the printer's Name put to Pamphlets, 10 Ann. C 19.

§ 113'

And under what Penalties, 10 Ann. C 19. § 11 7, 113. Pamphlets unfold, how to be cancelled, and the like Number of Sheets stamped Duty free to be exchanged for them, 10 Ann. C 19. § 114.

What News papers shall not be deemed Pamphlets, lac. 11 Geo. 1. C 8. § 13, 14, 15. l^athoug of Crime, or Forfeiture, Reprieve, or Relaxation from Fine, ^

Corporal punishment, or other

Forfeiture -- -- -- -- _

And, all but Circuit, or Newgate Pardons, and eve. ry such Relaxation, lac. pay the farther Sums of.

And iftherelaxa J

tion be of a Fine, > zoo lzann.ji. 2. C 9. § 21.

isle, above 100/. j Acts of fdatltailtent, Proclamations, Forms of Prayer, Acts of State, Matters printed by either House of Parliament, School Books, Books of Piety, Daily Bills of Goods exported and imported, and Bills of Mortality, are excepted, 10 Ann. C 19.

§ 102.

/. s. d.

fdaftpojt -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o o 6 5 IV (A M. C 21. § 3.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o o 6 9 y 10 AF'. 3. f. 25. 5 37-'

And ■ 006 iz Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 21.

jsatcntg. See the Duties on Briefs and Grants.

^ijpftctang Admit L

2

/.

J.

2 o o 5 Ur. AM. C zi. § 3,

gla 10 IV 3. C 25. § 3, jo.

tance to the lege, pays

And ■ -- --

And -- -- --

dmit 1 Colo

o 5 W. 1a M. C 21. § 3.

9 A 10 W. 3. C 25.5 9•

12 Ann. ft, z. C 9. 5 21 •

fjleabittgs

tamps

tamps;

$blcat>ittgs in Law, 7 and Copy thereof

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

And •

o i 5 IF. & M. e. 21. § 3.

o 1 9 y to IF. 3. C 25. § 38, 39,

0 1 32 Geo. 2. C 35. § 9, 10.

1 o 5 IF, y AR. 21. $ 3.

1 o 9 y 10 IF. 3. C 23. § 26.

And Copies -- -- -- -- -- - o o 1 32 Gw. 2. C 31;, §8.

And all Pleadings in Law and Equity are to be writ as usual, 5 IF. & M. C 21. § 15. 9 y 10 IF. 3. C 25. § 64.

Pleadings in Equity And ■

^bolltp of afturance 7 in England, pays)

And -- -- -- -- -- -- --

And

o o 6 3 IF, y M. C 21. § 3.

006 9 y 10 3. r. 25. § 37.

006 12 Ann. fi. 2. C 9. § 21.

10 Ann. C 26. & 67, 63. 024 „ 1 '

T 3 Gee. I. e. 7. § I.

And if within the 7 Bills of Mortality J Clauses for securing the Payment of the Duties on Policies of Assurance, 10 Ann. r. z6. § 71, 72, 73.

Policy to be made out within three Days after the Assurance, on Pain of too. 11 Geo. 1, C 30. § 44.

/. 1. A.

6

^bofiea

And

Copy thereof And -- -- -- -- --

fhjcfctitatt'ou, Col --) lation, or Dona j tion to a Benefice | above the yearly ^ Value of 10/. in the king's Books,

pays, -- -- -- -- -- -- j

^£>?o6ate of Wills, except from com mon Seamen or Soldiers, pays And -- -- -- -- -- -- --

o

.0

o

o

5 IF. IS M. C 21. §3.

6 9 y 10 IF. 3. C 25. § 21.

6 5 IF. y M, C 21.

6 9© 10 IF. 3. C 25. § 35.

200 5 LT, y M. r. 21. § 3.

5

5

; IT. S' Jlf, r, 21. § 3, 6.

9 y \ owt.. 25. § 19, 44,

^bjocefs. See the Duties on Writs.

3jb?olfo?5 admittance, See the Duties on Admittance.

3b; ocurattoti

And — And — ^bjotesi And — And —

o o 6 5 IF. & M. C 21. § 3.

o o 6 9 y 10 IF. 3. r. 25. § 37.

006 12 ann.fi, 2. r. 9. § 21.

0063 IF. & M. C 21. § 3. o o 6 9 y 1 o IF. 3. r. 23. § 37.

o 0 6 12 ann.fi. z. C 9. § 21.

Jltuo sbpttlus, See the Duties on Writs.

srccognfpance aut) sltrtts. See the Duties on Statutes, i&cgtftcr of jdegvece. See Degree?.

Skjoi'npcr ant) ircplfcatton. See Pleadings. irelajcation. See the Duties on Admiralty and Pardon. I. s.

seclcafc enrolled, pays Common Re 7

leases, pay -- -- -- -- 3

And — -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

A ifd -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

5

d.

O

6

6

6

5 if. y m. C 21.

5 IV y Msc. 2i. § 3.

9 y 10 IF. 3. C 25. § 37. 12 ann.fi. 2. r. 9. § 21.

trcpjietjc, See the duties on Pardon.

J. C 21. § 3.

9 y 10 IF. 3. C 25. § 34, 33 32 Geo. 2. C 35. § 6, 7.

I o Ann. r. 19. § 100. jakotc!) Instruments are not charged with Stamp Duties previous to the Union,; Ann, C 8. Article 10, 14.

Sco cb Instruments, what to pay, 10 Ann. C 19. § 100.

Scotch Deeds not

irulcs and Orders j

in Courts of Wefi- / 6

t/infier, and Cof O O

pies thereof J

And — — O O 6

And O O 6

*>atclne in Scotiani — O 2 3

ch irged with 2 s. )d, pay ■ -- -- -- -- -

o 6 12 ahn.fi. 2. C 9. § 21.

/. r. d.

Sentence in the Ec) ■)

Courts, f,.,,.

and Copies there f 0. 0 6 5 V V M. C 21. § 3.

of, pay -- -- -- -- J

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - — — o o 6 9 y 10 IF. 3. C 25. § 3a,

Sentence in the Admiralty or Cinque Ports. Sec the Duties on Admiralty,

ia>ctt>ere Proceedings pay nothing, 6 IA j IF. 3. C 12. § 2. 9

y 10 ffl 3. C 25. § 45.

Stgm'ficabtt — - — o 5 o 3 IF. y M. 0. 21. § 3.

And -- -- -- ■ ■ o 5 o 9 y io f'. 3. r. 23. § 16.

iln'gn Manual to"]

any Beneficial Warrant or Order, except Warrants or Orders ^ o 2 6 5 IF. tfi M, C 21. § 3.

for the Service of the Navy, Army and Ordnance,

pay -- -- -- -- -- -- -

And — -- -- -- -- —

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -

2 6 9 y 10 W. 3. C 25. § 24. 2 6 12 ann.fi. 2. C 9. § 21.

s>0utl>j3>ca Securities, 3 Gw. 1. r. 9. § 16. 5 Gw. 1. C 19.

§ 3c. 6 Gw. 1. r. 4. § 51.

And jartnnnatp Proceedings exempt from Stamp duties, 6 y 7 fa 3. e. 12. § 2. 9 y 10 7f. 3. C 25. § 45.

5 IF. y 71/. r. 21. § 3.

9 y 10 IF, 3. C 25. § '2.

9 y 10 IF. 3. r. 25. § 20. Provisoes exempting Recognifances before Justices of Peace, 6 y 7 IF. 3. r. 1 z. § z. 9 y 10 LT. 3. 25. § 45.

jautmnfcecpfgrant, T or Office, enrolled, >05 pays •

j&tatute^oaplc /. 1 s. d.

Merchant, or Re[ [ 5 °

co£nizance3 pay s

And — 0 5 0

5 IF. yjW.n21.53.

0 9 y 10 IF. 3. r. 25. § 52.

Subpoena. See Duties on Writs. iamrrcnbcr of coppfjolbs. See the Duties on Copyholds. Surrender of here 1

table Rights in > o 2 3 10 Ann. C 19. § ICO.

Scotian I, pays — J • •;

ccsimonfal, See the Duties on Degrees, transfer of Stock — o 2 3 10 Ann. C 19. § too.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- O 4 6 1 2 ann.fi. 2. r. 9. § 21.

juiarrant from Justices of Peace pays nothing, 6 y 7 Tf. 3. r.

12. § 7. q y 10 If. 3. r. 25. § 45. thhiue jlicencc. See Licence.

hsixit of Habeas Cor 7 5 IF. (J M. C 21. § 3.

yr, pays -- -- - — J 5

But is exempt from further Duties, gy 10 if.j.c. 25.531, • 33- <

} °

Writ of Certiorari,

pays -- -- --

And -- -- -- -- -- --

And

Writ of Appeal, except to the De legates, pays

And -- -- -- -- -

And

!!•

f Covenant 71 yingafine, >

om f. 3

; ]

2. 5 0 5 jr. yec.2i.53.

s O 9 y to 3. C 25. § 1

0 6 12 Geo. 1. C 33. 5 2.

5 0 5 y M. C 21. § 3.

3 0 9 y 10 fa 3. r. 23. 5

0 6 iz Gw. 1. r. 33. § 2.

s 0 3 7/'. y m. C 21.53-

Writ of Covenant' for Ievyi pays ■

But is exempt from further Duties, 9 y 10 IF. 3. C 25. § 31, 54. 12 Gee. 1. C 33. § 2.

Writ of Entry for suffering a com mon Recovery

pays -- -- -- -- -- -- _.. ^

050 5 IF. y M. C 21. § 3‘

Stamp

But is exempt from further Duties 9 (A jo IV 3. e. 55. 12 Geo. 1. C 33. § z,

. 1. s. d.

Writ of Error -- -- -- -- -- 050

And — -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 050

L

s IV IAM. C zi. § 3. gla 10 IV 3. C 25. § 15.

Every other Writ' original, (except such on which a Capias issues) sub picna, Bill of mid dlefex, Latitat, Capias, Quo tr.intu, ^0065 IV IA M, C 21. § 3.

Dedimus potestatem, and every other Writ, pro cess or Mandate of Courts holding Plea of 40 s. pay.

And ■ — ■ o o 6 9 & 10 if. 3. C 25.§31.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -1, -12 Geo. 1. C 33. § 2.

So o 6 „ /■> „

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- j 9 Geo. 2. C 32.

And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - — o o 6 32 Geo. 2. <\ 35. § 7.

Writs of Covenant, Writs of Entry, and Writs of Habeas Corpus excepted, 32 Geo, 2. C 25. § 7.

•(B)

Clauses concerning the Officer's for the Management of the Stamp Dulses.

Such Officers, how to befworn, 5 IV S' M. C 21. § 12. 9 IA 10 IV 3. C 25. § 60, 61. 8 Ansi. C 9. §, 42., g Ann. C 23.

§29. 10 Ann. C ig. § io, 122. IA C 26. § 73. 12 Ann. ft.

2. C 9. $ 26. 12 gvc. 1. r. 33. §.9.,

And how to account, 5 IV IA M. C 21. § 24.

What Comnvflioners are to levy the Duties granted by the several Statutes, 5 W. IA M. C 21. § 7. 9 (A 10 IV 3. C 23. § 48.

9 /aw. C 23. § 48. to Ann. C 1 9. § 103, 1 24. IA C 26. § 77. 12 Ann. ft. 2. r: 9. § 23, 29'. 12 Geo. I. c..33. § 4, 30 Geo.

2. C 19. § 16, 17.

And how to obey the Orders of the Treafiry, 5 IV is?' M. C 21. §13. g IA 10iv. n. C 2c. §62. -8 Ann. C 9. § 44. 9 Ann.

C 23. $ 30. 10 Ann. C 19. § 170. 30 Gto. 2. C 19. § 24.

And where to keep their Head Office, 10 Ann. C 19. § 181.

How punishable for misapplying or detaining the Moneys in their Hands, 9 Ann. C 21. § 11. IA C 23. § 48. 30 Geo. 2. C 19.

§ 25-.,,

And how to furnish all Parts of the Kingdom with stamped Vellum, iac. 5 IP. is? M. C II § 13. 9 IA 10 IV 3. C 25. §62.

g Ann. C 23. § 35. 10 Ann. C 19. §116. 30 Geo. 2. CI 19.

§ 20.

And how to mark the Price ftt by the treasury on damped Vellum, iac. 6 IA 7 W. 3. C is. § 9. 9 & 10 IV fc. 25. § 68.

9 Ann. C 23. § 36. 10 Ann. C 191 § ily.

And to (lamp Vellum, iac. withautfee on Payment of the Duties, 5 W if M,, 21. $ 9. 9 fsf.io IV 3. C 25.' Vj9 and what allowance'to make for prompt Payment, is IA y IV 3. C 12. $9. 1 atfn.ft. 2. C 22., § 7.. .9 annfc.zft. §36. 10

Ann. C 19. § 117. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 27. 12 Gto, 1. C

33-. § 6. .... 0\ V

Judges to make Orders at the Requed of the Commissioners for the better fecuiing the. Duties, • 5 JV. IA M, C 21.'§ 12. 9 IA

10 IV 3. el 25. § 60. "

Such Commissioners with a; comptroller continued.for ever, 9 ^ 10 IV 3. R 44. § 43. 9 'Ann. e. 21. § 12.

Infpcftors in .courts and Ofiiccs, .5 W. IA M. C 21. § 12. 9 fa

10 3. C 2;. § 60.

And other inferior Officers to be appointed by the Commissioners, 5 IV ia M. C 21. § 7. 9 IA 10 IV ft. C 25. § 4?. 8 Ann..

- OC fi;

Stamps

Penalties on Persons hindering such Inspectors from infpefling Books which may discover Frauds, 9 Ann. C 23. § 28.

And on Collegers detaining and misapplying Moneys in their Hands, 9s to IV 3. C 44. § 45. g Ann. C 2 I. § 14.

And on Commissioners not duly paying Moneys into the Exchequer, 9 ia 10 W. 3. C 44. § 42.

And on Officers (lamping Vellum, iac. before the Duty is paid, 5 TV. IA M C 21. § 10.

Salaries of the Officers how to be paid out of the Duties, 5 IV IA mc. 21. §22. 9 IA 10 W. 3. C 23. § 66. 8 Ann. C 9. § 33.

12 Gto. 1. C 33. § 5.

C

General clau/es relating to and enforcing the Payment of Stamp

Duties.

Stamps how to be provided and altered from Time to Time, 5 IV

■ ' IA M. C 2t. § 7. 8 Ann. C 9. § 36.

Suits of Paupers excepted from Duties, 5 IV IA M. e. 21. § 14.

• 12 Gee. 1. a 33. § 3. •

Probate of Wills of Seamen and Soldiers excepted, 5 W. IA M. C r. 1. § 6.

And the Alteration how to be proclaimed, 3 IA is W. IA M. C 21. § 7. gy 10 IV 3. C 25. § 67. 9 Ann. C 23. § 33. to

Ann. C 19. § 1 IO.

And the Proclamation judicially taken Notice of by the Judges, 10 Ann. C 19. § 18c.

Vellum, iac. how to be marked with such Stamps, 5 IV IA M. C 21. § 9. 9 Id? 1 O IV 3. C zj. § 49. " 8 Ann. C 9. § 36. 9 Ann. C 23. § 23.

And how on the Alteration of the Stamp, the Parties that have Vellum; iac. marked with the old Stamp, are to be supplied With Vellum, iac. damped with a new Stamp, without Fee, 5 W. IA M. C 21. § 16. 9 IA 10 TV. 3. C 25. § 65. 9 A n.

C 23. § 32. 10 Ann. C 19. § 109. 12 Geo. I. C 33. § 8.

Instruments written on Paper not duly damped, shall be of no Avail in Law till damped, and the Penalty and Duties paid,

5 IV IA M. C 21. § 11. 9 IA 10 V 3. r. 2j. § 59. 9 Ann.

C 23. § 27. 1 O Ann. C 19. § 105. IA C 26. §71. 12 Ann,

ft. 2. C 9. § 25. I 2 Geo. I. C 33. § 8.

■indruments and Writings, charged with Stamp Duties, shall be writas usual, 5 IV IA M. C 21. § 15. 9 IA 10 IV 3, C 2;. h 64.

Several Matters charged fevcrally by 12 Ann. written on one Piece of Paper, .iac. shall be charged several ly, 12 Ann ft. z. C 0. § 24.

Penalties on Persons writing Indruments on Paper, (Ac. not damped, 5 IF. IA M. C 21. § 11. 6 IA 7 IV 3. C 1 z. § 7, 8. 9 IA 10 IV 3. C 25. § 59. g Ann. C 23. § 27. 10 /aw. 0. 26. §11. 12 i/aw, ft. 2. C C § 25. 1 12 Gn>. 1. C 33. § 8.

Or writing a new Indrument, (Ac. on stamp Paper, (Ac. whereon a former was before written, or tearing off a Mark from one Wiiting with an Intent to use it on another, 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 22. § 2.

Or on putting some Part of the Writing charged with Stamp Duties either on, or as near the Stamps as may be, 1 Amt, ft. 2. C 22. §3.....

And on Officers negledling to enter or file Afiions, Plaints, Bails, Appearances, Admissions, or other Pioceedings, 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 22. § I, 3. 5 Ann. C 10. § 29.

Penalty of 5 /. for selling undamped Cards or Dice, or using them in a gaming house, 10 Ann. C 19. $ 162.

Penal'y on defacing the Stamp on Cards, and new fpotting Dice,

6 Geo. 1. C 21. ^5

Penalty on not making out Ale Licences duly damped, 6 Geo. 1.

C 21. §36. zggeo. 2. C 12.

Penalties in the Stamp acts to relate to subsequent Duties, 6 Geo.

I. c', 21. $ 56.

The Day of suing out a Writ diall be incorfed on the Warrant, 6 Gto. 1. C 21. § 54.

Penalty

Stamps Stamtatteg. stapfe.

Penalty on making Insurance without Stamps, it Geo. i, C 30.'

§ 44*

Hawkers of unftamped News Papers to be sent to the House of Correction, 16 Geo. 2. C 26. § 5.

Penalties how disposed of, 1 Am. Jl. 2. C 22. § 6. 9 Ann. C 23.

§ 37. 10 a m. C 19. § 119,

How to be mitigated by Justices of Peace, 10 Ann. C 19. § 120, 173-

Proceedings before such Justices not 'to be superseded by Certiorari,,

10 Ann. C 1 9, § 174.

Provisoes in favour of Paupers, 5 W, IA M. C 21. § 14. 9010

W. 3, C 2;. § 63. 12 Geo. i. C 33- § 7*

And of those that write Things without Stamp on a Book or Roll licensed by the Commissioners, 1 Am. ft. 2. C 22. § 4. Counterfeiting Stamps or procuring Paper to be marked with counterfeit Stamps, iac. where Felony, 5 W, & M. C 21.

4 11. 9 ia10 IP. 3. C 25. § 59.. 8 Ann. C 9. § 41, 9 Ann.

r. 23. § 34. 10 Ann. C ig. § 115. & C 26. § 72, 6 Geo. 1.

C 21. §60. 29 Gro. 2. r. 12. § 21. C 13. § 5. 30 Gre. 2, r.

19. § 27. 32 Geo. 2. C 35. § 17.

■stamp Duties not to extend to Licences by Commissioners ofex cife, 29 Geo. 2. C 12. § 23.

(D

Clai'fes for the Security of those mho advanced Money on the Credit of the Stamp Duties.

Such Creditors how to be paid, 5 IF. & M. C 21. § 17, iac. 8 y 9 W. 3. C 20. § 12, 13'. 8 Ann. C 9. § 46, 47, 48! 9

Ann. C 21. § 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 17.

Stamp Duties how appropriated, 9 anne. 23. § 54. 10 annie.

19. § 125. 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 31.

Distinct Accounts how to be kept, of the Payments, 3 IV (A. M. C 21. § 18, 19. 9 IA Ip IF. 3. C 44. § 40, 44. 4 Ann. CL 19.

4 7, 13, 14. 8 Ann. C 9. § 34. Ann. C 21. §9, 10, 13.

AC. 23. § 31. 10 Ann. C ig. § ic. 12 Geo. 1. C 33. § 11.

And registered, 5 IF. (A M. C 21. § 19. 9 ta 10 IF. 3. C 44,

i

And passed annually, 1 ann.ft. 2. C 22. § 8.

And the Arrears fet irfuper on the Patties chargeable therewith,

I Ann. ft. z.c. 22. § 9,

But not on any Person not duly charged, on Pain of treble Damages, I Ann. ft. 2. C 22. § 11.

The Stock of Paper ard Vellum, lac. to be seton the Foot of the Account, t Am. ft. 2. C 22. § 10.

Clauses concerning the Continuance of Stamp Duties, 9 (A 10 L f. 3. C 25. § 1. I Ann. ft. I, C 13. § it, 12, 5 Ann. C

IQ. $ 3, 4. 6 Ann. C 5. § 4, 6. y C 17.4 6. -

And declaring them to be redeemable by Parliament, g ta 10

11 L 3. C 25. § 47. y C 44. § 79. 6 Ann. C IJ. § 6. 9 firs.

£.21. § 24.

Far other Matters, see <5itlultttcs,

^tannactl Of Plate See Gold and Brijtol. 0taimo?u See Bridges. • ■

t C - 'i.j,

tannins arm

Not to be kept in Time of Peace, without Consent of Parliament, 1 IF. y m.feff. 2. C 2, § i.

stiuied*. See Bridge?.

>■ r ft, ■!

©taintatiesf. * : •

3. The Stannary Courts restrained to Workmen Tinners, 16 Car. 1. C 15.

2. Persons arretted to ligu a Note, otherwise not to be bailed, 16

Car, 1. C 15. § 10.

3. Labourers in the Stannaries may recover their Wages before Justices of Peace, 27 Geo. 2. C 6.

For other Matters, see 2$iws, Stamps,

Staple

t. All Staples fupprelfed, 2 Ed. 3 cg.

2. The Statute of the Staples, 27 Ed. 3.7?. 2.

3. Staples established in England, 27 Ed. 3. ft, 2. C 1. 38 Ed,

3. ft. I. C 7.

4. None of the king's Subjects to export Merchandise of the Staple, on Pain of Death, 27 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 3.

5. The Staples to be governed by the Law Merchant, 27 Ed.

3. ft. 2. C 8, y 19.' Writ of Error of the Judgments in the Staple, 27 H. 6. C 2.

6. The Penalties in the Ordinance of the Staple not to incur till they be declared in Parliament, 28 Ed. 3. C 13.

7. Justices to inquire of Defaults against the Ordinance of the Staple, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 7.

8. The Jurisdiction of the Mayor regulated, 31 Ed. 3.77.4. cg, 36 Ed. 3. C 7.

9. The Staples removed from Calais and Middlehurgh, to England, 43 Ed. 3, C 1. 14 R. 2. C 1.

to. To be appointed in certain in Parliament, 46 Ed. 3. in Append.

11. Licence to export Staple Goods,; R. 2. ft. 2. C 2.

12. Removed from Middlehurgh to Calais, 12 R. 2. C 16.

13. Officers of the Staple shall be sworn to the King, 14 7?. 2. C 3.

14. Justices of Peace lhali inquire of the Weights of the Staple, 14 R. 2. C 4.

15. No Denizen shall. export Merchandise of the Staple, 14 R.

'16. The Mayor with the Presence of one of the Constables may ■ take Recognifances, 15 R. 2. C 9.

17. 'No Licence to be granted for Export of Staple Goods to any Place but Calais, zi R. 2. C 17. 14 H. 6. C 2. 27 H. 6. C 2.

is. Ships toballaft with Stones for the Repairs of Calais, zi II

2. C is.

19. No Staple Goods to be exported to any Place but Calais,

'without Licence, '2 H. 3. ft. 2. C 6. z H. 6. C 4, 'y 5. 10

H. 6. C 7. Except by Merchants of Genoa, C 8 H. 6. C 17, 19, 20.

20. All Merchants may Ship Goods at Melcomle for the Staple at Calais, 6 H. 6. C 6.

21. Merchants resorting to Norway, shall go to the Danish Staple at North Bergen, 8 //. 6. C 2. Repealed, 1 H. 8. r. 1.

22. Regulations of the Staple, 8 H. 6. C 18', 25.

23. Licences granted .to the Men of Newcastle and Berwick, to. carry Wool toothdr Ports, repealed, 8 H. 6. C 21.

24. Certain Duties of Moorage for the Repairs of the Works at Calais, 10 H. 6. C 5.

25. Shipping Staple Goods in Creeks made Felony, 11 Id. 6. C 14. Goods laid on Land to be so shipped, forfeited, 14 H,

6. C 3..;

26. Staple Goods shall be shipped at the Keys in the Ports aligned, 15 H. 6. C 8.

27. Exporting Wools and Sells elsewhere than to Calais, Felony,

18 H. 6. C 13.

1 28. Staple Hoods carried to other Places by Licence shall pay the same Duties, 20h. 6. C 4.

29. Proportions of the Price of Staple Goods to be coined, 8 Id,

6. C 18. 11h.6.c.13. 14//. 6. C 2. 20 Id. 6. C 12.

30. The annual Amount of the Customs of the Staple at Calais,

27 H. 6. C 2.

31. Protedlions shall not be allowed in the Courts at Calais, 1 H.

7. C 3.

32. The Officers of the Staple prohibited from taking Recognifances of any Debts but of Staple, 23 H. 8. C 6. § 11.

For other Matters, see Flijcmig 19.

Statutes Staple. See Recognifances.

4 Star

stated

©tocftfofc&fnff.

©tojcg.

tat anu obcnt.

Penalty on

§6.

cutting Star and Bent on Sand Hills, 15 Geo. 2. C 33.

©tatcd.

r. A Duty on Starch, 2 JV. IA M. C 4. § 49. 10 Ann. C 26.

§ 7. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 7. Made perpetual and Part of

general Fund, 3 Geo. 1. C 7.

2. The Duties imposed by 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. made perpetual by. 6 Geo. 1. C 4. in order to be subscribed into south-sea Stock, and the Surplus charged with Annuities to the Bank, 2 Geo..2.

3. Drawback on Exportation, 10 Ann. C 26. § 27.

4. Penalty on adulterating Hair Powder, 10 Ann. C 26. § 31. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 9. § 20.

5. Directions for the charging Green Starch, 1 Geo. 1 .ft. 1. C 2. §6. > • _ _

6. Every Box containing 4560 solid Inches, to be deemed 131 Pounds of Starch, r Geo. Jl. 1. C 2. § 6.

7. Hair Powder imported to pay as Starch, 3 Geo. 1. C 4. § 14.

8. Starch makers to use oblong or square Boxes, 4 Geo. 2. C

9. Penalties on removing or concealing Starch, 4 Geo. 2. C 14.

§2. -.; • ' 'a

10. Penalty on adulterating Hair Powder, 4 Geo. 2. C 14. § 5. Tor other Matters, see. ciltttlles 17. customs,

irunbo.

©tar=cfmmber.

1. The Penalties of Contempts of the Process of the Council for Riots and grievous Offences, 3 i H. 6. C 2.

2. Power given to a certain Number of Counsellors to examine and punish mif doers for Riots and other Offences, 3 II 7.. C 1. § I.

3. The Court aboliihed, 16 Car. 1. C 10.

Stiff (J.) See Calendar.

©tllcs?. See Inelofures.

till yam.

The Privileges of the Merchants of the Hanse confirmed, 19 H. 7. C 23. ' - - •

©tocmitss.

Their Manufacture how regulated in Scotland. See jscotlilub

ivwllen manufal/ure,

For other' Matters, see ^fmittcs and jshllt,

©tockjobbtnn;.

1. contracts and Wages relating to Stock where made void, and

the Premium to be restored, 7 Geo..2. C 8. § 1, 10, 11. 10

Geo. 2. C 8.

2. Bills for Discovery of such Contracts, life. how to be answered, 7 Geo. 2. C 8. § 2..

3. And the Plaintiffs to give Security to answer Coils, 7 Gee. 2.

e. 8. § 3.

4. Persons executing such Contrails to forfeit 500/. 7 Geo. 2. C

8. §. 4.

5. Stock sold for a certain dr.v, and not paid for according to Agreement, may be sold to any other Person, and the Seller recover Damages, 7 Geo. 2. C 8. § 6.

6. And the Buyer may purchase the like Quantity, where the Seiler refufeth to transfer the Stock sold, and shall recover Damages,, 7 Geo 2, C 8. § 7.

7'. Penalties oh Persons selling Stock which they are not possessed of, and on Brokers nepotiating such Contracts, 7 Geo. 2. C S. §8.

8.. Or notentring Contracts, 7 Geo. 2. C 8. § 9.

For other blatters, see fpnithrupt.

©tationettf Company.

Their Right to the Printing or re printing any Almanac, or Calendar, not prejudiced by g Ann. 9 ar.ri.c. 23. § 52-

Statutes

1. Repealed for being made by Compnlfion, rj Ed. 2. in Appendix. 15 Ed, ft. 2.

2. Where England is mentioned, Wales and Berwick are included, 20 Geo. 2. C 42. § 3.

3. Statutes erecting Courts of Conscience to be deemed Public acts, 27 Geo. 2. C 16. § 2.

For other Matters, see cijaitcctp 4. cijutcljcs 8. irccogltf.

sauces.

See Iron.

©tepbeus (3!onnna.)

3000/. Reward for the Discovery of her Medicine for dissolving the Stone, 12 Gee. 2. C 23.

Stepney.

The rector of every Church and Chapel, converted into a Parochial Church in the Parish of Stepney, to be nominated by Brazen Nose College, 12 am.ft. !• C 17. § 4.

For other Matters, see (jujurctjcs, and fdjtbllegetl places,

©tetuato of t&c i&lllg's £>ouflj0ltl. See Marshal and Steward of the king's Household.

©tefoact# of Court batons anb juets.

See Leet.

©tocfes See Ale, C Brafiers,. Clergy,. Fish, Labourers, Silks, Wool.

©tolcn docs.

1. Prosecutors of such Offenders how rewarded, 6 Geo. 1. C 23.. §■ 9-

2. Persons buying or receiving Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell metal or Solder, knowing it to be stolen, to be transported, 29 Geo. 2. C 30.

3. Penalties on having those Materials without being able to account for them, 29 Geo. 2. C 30. § 6.

For other Matters, see 35ck(tart', jfclohfcs toft!) 811d

out Clcrgp, jkeftitutiott.

toes.

t. Embezilling Stores of War to twenty Shillings, made Felony, -31 El. C 4.

2. Penalties of embezilling Naval Stores, 16 Car. C 3. 19

Car. 2. C 7. 22 & 23 Car. 2. e. 23. I Gto. 1. C 25. § 3.

3. Penalty of having Stores with the king's Mark, 9 & 10 IF.

3. C 41. 9 Geo. 1. f., § 3.

4. Not to hinder the lending Stores to any Merchant Ship in di stress, 9 Cf 10 IV 3. C 4 1. § 8.

5. Treafuiers, lac. may search Ships, 1 Geo. 1. 25..§ 3..

6. Commissioners of the Navy, e. may commit Persons coun

• terfeiting their Hands, 1 Geo. 1. e. 25. § 6.

• 7. Encouragement for railing Naval Stores in the Plantations, 3

& 4 Ann. C lc. 8 Ann. C 13. § 30. and in Scotland, 12 ann.ft. 1. C 9. § 2. 8 Geo. I. C 12. 2 Geo. 2. C 35. § 12.

8. Plantation pitch and Tar to be clean, 5 Geo, 1. C ri. § 16.. 24 Gee. 2. C 52. § 2.."23 Geo% 2. C 35. §.3.

9, Jullices

©tiofiftfc#.

©tojcsi.

9. Justices may mitigate the Penalty of concealing Stores, or cause Offender to be whipped, 9 Geo. 1. e. 8. § 4.

10. [ullicesof Affifeand Quarter seilions may hear and determine Offences relating to Stores, 17 Geo. 2. C 40. § to.

it. preemption of Stores imported in neutral Ships, given to the Commissioners of the Navy, during the War, 19 Geo. 2. C 36.

12. Embeziiling Stores, (Ac. excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. § 32.

13. No Bounty shall be paid on any Tar, according to 2 Geo. 2. C 35. unless each Barrel contain 31 Gallons and one Half, 25 Geo. 2. C 35. § 3.

14. Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from America, continued to 29th September 1771, 4 Geo. 3. C It.

For other Maters, see felonies ttxt'tl) ant) tffti)out Clcrgp, Tit. Sitojco. plantations 20. ptijes 3;, cac. isuflia.

3. £>cotlaitd, is>l)tps 23, (Ac. *)ol5tcrc 69. timber'.

Stotuton.

The 29th Car. 2. not to make void the Lease granted by the Dean and Chapter of Tori, of the Parsonage and Tithes, in Stourton

in holiiiigbamjhire, 29 Car. 2. C 8. § 9.

•sstqulct; * See Rivers.

stfoul. See Hay.

metis.

1. How to.be cleansed and repaired in market ttowns, t Geo. t.

/. 2. C 52. § 9. • r. '

2. Streets of London to be deemed Highways, 6 Geo. 1. C 23.

8.

For other Matters, see 3Lo»50n, and pnbills

See Churches, Palaces. ©tllffjs. See Cotton, Drapery, and Silk.

Sturgeon.

t. May be imported, 10 (A 11 IF. 3. C 24. § 14.

2. The King, where entitled to Sturgeons, 17 Ed. 2. f. 1. C 11.

©ubojnattcm cf fpcrjttry. See Perjury.

©mopccnn.

j. Not to be granted without Security found for the Colls, 15 II 6. C 4.

2. Penalty on Persons not appearing to give Evidence, when served with a Subpoena, 5 EC 9. § iz.

3. A Subpoena shall not blue out of a Court of Equity, till after the Bill is filed, except for an Injunction, 4 Ann. C 16. § 22.

©itofiftlcg.

1. A Fifteen granted for Magna Charta, and the Charta de to rest a, M. C 9 //, 3. C 37.

2. The ninth Fleece, (Ac. granted, 14 Ed. 1. ft. 1. C 20.

3. No Aid to be taken but by Assent of Parliament, 14 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 1.

4.. Application of the Revenue enacted in Parliament, i^ed.%, ft. 2. C 1. 5 R. 2. ft. 2. C 3.

5. 1 he Penalties of the Statutes of Labourers given to the People in Aid of their Subsidies, 23 Ed. 3. C S.

6. Subsidies granted, 3 1 H. 6. C 8. it H. 7. e. 10.

7. A Subsidy of 41. in the Pound granted by the Clergy of the Province of Canterbury, 32 II 8. C 23.

giliccefiiou to tljc Ctolutl. See King. ©uffolft. See Norfolk. @>uffl*ngniig. See Bishops.

©upt.

1. Importing it, not within the Statute against Regrators, 13 El. C 25. § 21.

2. A Duty upon Sugar, expired, 1 Ja. 2. C 4.

3. Duty upon Sugar, 6 Get. 2. C 13.

4. The Drawback on Exportation of Sugar imported from the

. Eng lists Plantations in America, 9 (A 10 UC 3. C 23. § 8. 6

Geo. 2. C I 3. § 9. 26 Geo. 2. C 32. § 5.

5. And oil Exportation of Brown Mvfca'vado Sugars refined in

England, 9 Eif 10 W. 3. C 23. § 9, 13. 6 Geo. 2. C 13. § to.

6. Sugar may be imported from Spain and Portugal as usual, 6 Geo. 2. C 3. § 13. -■

7. Drawback on British refined Sugar out of the lad Subsidy, 21 Geo. 2. C 2. § 7.

For other Matters, see cuftotlts, plantations.

jfo? ^?oufc0 in ©cotliulo. See Scotland

Cujioms.

©ugtyeftion.

Persons making false Suggefiions to the King, how to be fentbe fore'the Chancellor, (Ac. and find Sureties to pursue such suggestions, and how punished for not proving them, 37 Ed, 3. C 18. 3s Ed. 3. Jl. 1. C 9.. ' •

For other Matters, see sjcctjfattolls.

tut nuts ©iuto?0.

1. No Suits in King's Courts under 40 r. 6 Ed. 1. C 8.

2. Suitors not to depart fi-om the king's Court without Remedy, 13 Ed. ft. 1. C 50.

3. A Writ de nutivo not to be granted, unless the Chancery be apprised that it is sued with the Consent of the Plaintiff, 10 Ed. ‘i ft. 2. C 3. Art. 4.

4. 'J he Penalty for causing a Man to be arrested at the Suit of another by Process of the king's Bench, Maifnalfea, or inferior Courts, without the plaintiff's Assent, 8 El. C 2. § 4.

For other Matters, see hlbatciucut, oulinfftrato?, 215anfe-

rupt 37, (Ac. <£l)anccrp 19, (Ac. coss, sdttcontu nuance of pjoccfs 1. <eivoj, iffojma pauperis, nient per tot. Limitations /></ lot. plantations 37. plcabings, poo? i, (Ac. pfifens 5, s, (Ac. pjoccfc, Cdlalce,

©uftojls ll counter?. See Chancery.

uit of Court.

1. None to be diflrained for Suit of Court, but they who are bound to it by Charter or Prescription, St. Marleb. 32 H. 3. C 9.

2. Joint Tenants and Parceners shall make but one Suit, 52 H.

3. r. 9.

3. The Remedy against the Lord distraining for it, where it is not due, and against the Tenant with holding it, where it is due, 52 II 3. C 9-

4. It is not taken away by 12 Car. 2. 12 Car. 2. C 24. § 5.

@ummon0.

1. Default of common Summons to be amerced by the Chief justices or jullices in Eyre, St. Marleb. 32 II 3. C r8.

'a. Sum

gupctffitumjs <mcs?. Stitch of tfje peace.

2, Summons in Pica of Lands to contain 15 Days, 28 Ed. i.fi. i, r. 15.

3, And how to be proclaimed at the Church, 31 El. C 3. § 2.

4, In Rea! Actions the Summons Shall be proclaimed at the Church Door, before a Grand Cape ilfues, 31 EL C 3. § 2,

€?uuiinp£. See holy days. ©ulrtietlantr. See Harbours. g>upclfeoca£. See Commissions and Peace.

@>upci'ffftfou0 23aoks nnti images See

Books and Images.

superritious Books prohibited, 3^4 Ed. 6. C 10. § 1;

•superflitiottss cjfcs?.

1. Uses to Churches where void, 23 H. 8. C 10.

2. Beneficed Clerk not to take Salary to sing for any Soul, 21 H. C 13. §30.

3. Colleges, Chantries and Hospitals, given to the King, 37 H.

8. C 4. 1 Ed. 6. C (4.

4. Commissions to inquire of Lands given to Superllitious Uses, 1 Ed. 6. C 14. § 10.

5. Lands given to Superllitious Uses veiled in the Crown for the Use of the Public, 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 50.

For other Matters, see Charitable clfcs, fl^onaftctlcc,

^ojtmattt, ^ojtuan'es, papists, isccufauts.

Supremacy

1. The King bound to provide Remedy in Parliament for mischiefs in the Church, 25 Ed, 3.7?. 6.

2. The King Patron Paramount, ibid 4.

3. No Alien Shall have Benefice within the Realm without the

king's Licence, 3 R. 2. C 3. 7 R. 2. C 12.

4. The Realm of England free, and subject only to God, 16 R. 2. C 5-

5. The king's Supremacy in Spiritual Matters affierted, 24 II 8. C 12. Kdablilhed, 26h.8.c. 1.

6. The Submission of the Clergy to the King, 23 H. 8. e. 19.

7. The Royal Adent necelfary to the enadting any Canons, 25

H. 8. C 19. § 1.

8. The Bishop of Rome to be abjured, 28 H. 8. C ic.

9. The Penalties of denying the king's Supremacy, 1 Ed. 6. e. 12. § 6, dc.

to. The Supremacy denied, 1 d 2 P. if M. C 8. § 42.

1 r. The Supremacy rellored, 1 El. C 1. § 17.

12. The Oath of Supremacy appointed to be taken, 1 El. C 1.

§ 19. 5 EL C 1.

13. Penalty of Disability, de. on Refuliil of the Oath, 1 EL C

r. § 21. * 1 TV, d M. Jl. 1. C 8. § 9. 13 TV. 3. C 6. § 5.

1 Geo. 1. r. 13. § 8, 14, 17.

For other Matters, see fitucj, de. jrioucoufoimtfto, £>atl)g,

Suvctp of tlje pence

1. Direfled to be found in a Parliamentary Amnelly, Dill, de Kerehv. 51 FI. 3. Jl. 7. § 2.

2. Proicfs for Surety of the Peace or Good Behaviour, or 8a perfedeas thereof, Shall only be granted upon Motion, 21 fa.

I. >.8.

for other Matters, see jjtlftlccg Of tic ^citcc,

isiosgcs,

shltgecusk See Physicians.

Vol. IX Tab.

sliccp. See Highways and Paving, €>titbcy.

1. Lands, Commons, Parks, Woods, Cadies and other Build' ings, de. how to be surveyed, 4 Ed. fl. t.

2. Court of Surveyors of the king's Lands erected, 33 H. S, C 39.

For other Matters, see iijtgljtonps,

©ttfic.c.

Tts Shire Court, where to be held, 19 //. 7. C 24.

For other Matters, see l^lgbtoapo.

©uttem 0t. mm t. ^icljolatf in

Their Meadow and Padure, how provided for, 4 fa. 1. C it;

©tuainniotc. See Forest.

t. None Shall keep a Game of Swans unless he have Lands of the yearly Value of five Marks, 22 Ed. 4. C 6.

2. Persons taking their Eggs out of the Ned, de. how punished, II H. 7. C if I fa. 1. C 27. § 3.

©toearmo; nnh Cutfino; *

1. Penalty on Persons swearing or cuffing, 21 fa. te. 20. 6 d

7 TV. 3. C 11. 19 Geo. 2. C 21.

2. Soldiers and Sailors to be seton the Stocks, 19 Geo, 2. C 21.

§ 5-

For other Matters, see cctttomti 29. cotlftablcs 13. imaps 5.

@)u)cctj3.

1. Penalty of concealing Sweets, 7 d 8 W. 3. C 30, § 16.

2. To what Duties liable, 9 d to TV.. 3. C 23. § 3. loe^tt

JF. 3. r. 2 t. § 2, 3, 4. 5 Ann. C 19. § J.

3. What to be deemed Sweets, and who the Makers thereof for Sale, 10 d 11 TV. 3. C zr. § 3.

4. Sweets not to be removed without a Permit, 6 Geo. t, C 21. § 22.

5. A less Duty laid on Sweets, and extended to made Wines, to Geo. 2. C 17.

6. Wines of brittfh Grapes, exempted, 10 Geo. 2. C 17. § 7.

7. Made Wines not to be retailed without Licence, 10 Geo, 2. e, 17. §10.

8. Retailers of Sweets or made Wines to take out Licences, 31 Geo'. 2. C 31. § 7.

For other Matters, see Cdttrte.

€>&nie 0?

!. Shall not go unringed in Woods, 35//. 8. r. 17.§ 17.^ z. The Forfeiture for keeping Swine in London, de. 2 .TV, d M. fess. 2. C 8. § 20. 8 d 9 TV. 3. C 37. § 4.

For other Matters, see Citttlc.

Silver Sword Hilts may be exported, 9 d 10 TV. 3, C 28,

gjpum Camilla. See Tithes.

£

Cail.

Cannery.

T.

Cnf(.

*. Lands given in Tail shall be enjoyed according to the Form of the Gift, and the Issue, Gfr. shall have a Writ of Formedon, St. Wrftns. z. 13 Ed. 1. 1,

2. Fines levied of intailed Lands, whereof the Reversion is in the Crown, not made a Bar by the Statute, 32 11. 8. C 3^. § 4-

3. No Recovery or other Thing shall bar an Estate tail given by the King whereof the Reveiiion is in the Crown, 34 Gf 35 H. 8. C 2c.

For other Matters, f, e 315atiurupt 11. idcbt 3c. ifee jfncnig

6. Elites, (Ac. '^roffciturcsj jleafcs 4, Gfc. s>eotlant>.

Calf DC cftcuttlffantfbujs* See Jurors.

Calliejs.

Those charged on the Hereditary or Temporary Excise, how to be fati; fied, 8 IF. 3. C 3,

For otbir Matterj, see js>l)criff0.

Cnilofo and Callow cljnndletjs*

1. Prohibited to be exported, rs El. C 9. 13 (A 14 Car, 2. C

7- § V

2. Tallow, to what Duties liable on Importation, z If, (A M fjf.

2. r. 4. § 36. „

3. May be imported from Ireland Duty free, 32 Gee. 2. r. 12.

§1.

4. Extended to hog's Lard and Grease, 1 Geo. 3. C to. And continued by 4 Gio. 3. r. 6.

For M Matters, fa Canties, Cattle, 3tolant 61. suatljcr 15.

caimood. See Fuel.

Tangier,

Not to be deemed a Plantation, 22 (A 2.3 Car. 2. C 26. § 14.

Cannery.

Shall not use the Mystery of a Shoemaker, (Ac. 13 R. z.jl. 2, C 12. zi r.z. C 16. 2 H. 6. C 7. 2^3 Ed. 6, e. 9.

2. Nor of a Currier, 1 H. 7. r. 5,

3. Shall sufficiently dry their Hides, 19 H. 7. C tg.

4. Shall not export Leather, 27 H. 8. C 14. § 5. 5 El. C 8.

5. Direflions for their true working their Good', 2^3 Ed. 6.

C 11. 1 Ja. I. C 2z.. § 2, 11,.

6. Who may exercise the Trade of a Tanner, 1 El. C g. 1 Ja.

I. C 22. § 5.

7. No Butcher to be a Tanner, 5 El. 0.8. 1 Ja. tv C zz. § 4.

8. None but Tanners may buy tough Hides, Gfir, 1 Ja. ic. zz.

§ 7 •

9. Sheep Skins need not be searched or sealed, 4 Ja. 1. C 6..

10. Shall not shave their Hides, 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 7. § g.

11. Regulations concerning Tanners, 9 Ann. C it.

For other Matters, f e Cattle, cccuftaftical coutts, (Ac. '43. Jleatijer, Shoemakers.

Cape.

Exempt from Payment of the Duties called the two third subfi dies, 7 Ann. C 7. § 24.

Capfftrp.

To what Duties liable on Importation, t^w. Gf M. C J. § 2.

For other Matters, see jflajt, (Ac.

Cnt* See Pitch, Stores.

cntteiujam 'coutt.

The Way from thence near St. Gilt's Pound, towards Tyburn, how to be repaired, 8 Gf 9 W. 3. C 37.

caderit*

Keep s of Taverns, how far within the Statutes against Tipling, 1 Car. 1. C 4,

For or/orr Matters, see cuftouls, 310tit)oil, cutllcs.

Caluci'io nnd Djcffcr^ of leatljet*. See Tanners.

ciuc0.

1. Granted to the King shall not be drawn Itito Customs, Conf. Chart. 25 Ed. 1. e.;.

2. Aids shall not be taken but by common Consent, Conf. Chart.

25 Ed. 1. C 6. 13 Car. z.ft. 1. C 4.

3. No Tallage or Aid shall be taken without common Assent, St, de Tallag. non conced. 34 Ed. l.fl, 4. C 1.

4. Aids granted to the King shall be levied after the old Manner, 1 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 6.

5. Impositions shall not be set upon Staple Merchandise without Assent of Parliament, 45 Ed. 3. C 4. it R. 2. C 9.

6. Gocds shall be charged to a Fifteen, where they were at the Time of granting it, g H. 4. C 7.

7. A Collector of Fifteens shall have Debt against his Companions for what he shall pay in their Default, 9 H. 3. ft. 2. C 10.

8. A Colledlor in a City shall not be appointed in a County, un !ers he have Lands of the Value of 5 /. a Year, 18 H. 6. C 5.

9. Subsidies granted, 31 H. 6. C 8, 11 H. 7. C 10.

10. The subjects shall not be charged with any Charge in nature of a Benevolence, 1 R. 3. C 7.

11. collectors of public Money may plead the General Issue, 13 Gf 14 Car. 2. C 17.

12. A Tax laid on Stocks in Trade, 1 Ann. ft. 2. e. 15.

13. Duty cn Places and Pensons, 31 Geo. 2. C 22.

14. Military Offices exempted, 31 Geo. 2. C 22. § 24.

15. Duties on Places, (Ac. how paid, 32 Geo. 2. C 33.

16. Offences against Acts for paying land-tax, (Ac. excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. C 52. § 28, 33, 39.

For other Matters, see tfltnutticc, tsppfcuticcs 3 j., (Ac.. •batik 8. <feaft=3inbta Company 6. j.nfurancc 6. &fng 7z, (Ac. ilansaenp, Liberties, isccctbcrs, 5>cotlant, s>outl)=s>ea Company z. gitales, juool 1, 4, (Ac,

Cnplojg?.

1. Regulations of Journeymen Tailors in London, 7 Geo. ft. 1, e. 13.

2. Hours of Work and Wages, grv. 7 Geo. j. ft. 1. C 13. § 2, Gf sequent.

c0ff‘ See Coffee.

Stench of tlje letcljepei*. See Exchequer. cfuu'fs ofj^efog, See False News.

stemplnrs

Cciuitc.' toitrei*. ' ^tfm

Cempfat£ anti ^ofpitnllersj.

1. Land shall be forfeit for erecting their Crosses, St. Wtftm, 2.

13 Ed. 1. 33-

2. The Jurisdiction of the Conservators of their Privileges re tlraincd, St. West ns. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 43.

3. The Lands of the Templars given to the Hospitals ofjeru faletn, St. de terr. 'Tempi. 17 Ed. 2. ft. 3.

‘srcmpojantietf. See Bishops, Cenmits m Common. See Jointenants.

Cenant bp tpc Ctirtefp.

1. In what Cases a Husband shall be Tenant by the Courtesy, St. de tenent. per leg. Ifc. incerti temp. 1 Vol. 189,

2. Alienations by him, where void, 6 Ed. t.ft. ir. 3.

3. Popish Recusant, where difablcd from being Tenant by the Curtefey, 3 Ja. 1. r. 5. § 13.

For other Matters, see cltflcts.

Ccnnitts lit Common See Jointenants.

Ccnnnt in Dotuer* See Dower.

Ccnattt fcj life See Life Estates

and Leases.

Cennntg in Catt* See Tail.

ccnucr.

1. Where pleadable in Trespass, 21 Ja, 1. C 16. § 5.

2. Principal and interest may be brought into Court pending an Action upon a Bond, 4 Ann. C 16. § 1 0.

For other Matters, see jdifttcfc 23. £qf)ojtgage 3..

See Firstfruits.

Cenure.

1. In Fee Farm, Burgage, Socage, or Petit Serjeanty, shall not give Wardship, M. C gh. 3. C 27.

2. If a Seigniory escheat to the King, the Tenants lliall hold as before, M. C 9 H. 3. C 31.

3. A Tenant aliening lliall reserve enough to do the Service, M. C 9 H. 3. C 32.

4. A Fee or Part of a Fee aliened shall be held of the Chief Lord, and the Services shall be apportioned, St. Efia emptores terr. 18 Ed. ft. 1. C 1, 2.

5. Seigniories revived of Lands of Persons attainted granted by the King, 7 Ed. 4. C 5.

6. Lands coming to the Crown by Surrender, ifc. not to be held in catite, 1 Ed. 6. C 4.

7. Fines and Seizures for Alienation taken away, 1 Car. 1. e. 3. Tenures in Bramfteld and Yale, in Dcnhtghjhire, confirmed, 3 Car. I. C 6.

8. All Tenures to be free and common Socage, 12 Car. 2. C 24.

9. Saving of Rents, certain Heriots, ifc. 12 Car. 2. e. 24. § 5.

10. Not to takeaway Frankalmoign, Copyholds, effc. 12 Car. 2.

r. 24. § 7-..

it. Not to infringe any Title of Honour, by which any Person may have a Right to sit in the Lords House, 12 Car. 2. C 24.

n

12. Tenure of ward holding, ifc, in Scotland, taken away, 20 Gee. 2. C 50.

For other Matter, see Homage, sspcfttc, s'cotlfllttl, £>utt ofccuttj saarbttjtp.

'Cerm* See Days in Bank.

Cctra jdtllcl'g. See Drugs,

Car. 2. C 2. See Service and Sacraments.

Ceffament. See Wills.

Ccffe Dnp anti Dap of Eettint. See Days

in Bank.

Cfjantess (Ettietr.)

1. Shares in the Thames waterworks, how taxable, 4 Geo. 3. C

2- § 54- ^

2. Persons navigating Boats on the River Thames, committing Theft, how pnnifhcd, 2 C eo. 3. C 28.

For other Matters, see (eoalc 41. ctlflotlts 108. Jftfil 63, pilots, irfbcrc, Seiners to. lits 71, 72, " b'c. Caiatetmen, Klears 5.

cdcft* See Felony, Larceny.

cljkoti.

1. Thread, Outneal, to what Duties liable on Importation, 4 If.

Ef ffi r. 5. § 2. 1

2. Sillers Thread, exempt from the two third Subsidies, 7 Ann. C

7< § 24-

cfj?0u)cl‘s) nun clj?oluing Of fife. See silkt Cljunmts.

The foie Printing thereof granted to Samuel Buckley, 7 Geo, 2,

Cicfc anh Ctcluns

To what Duties liable on Importation, 4 IV If M. C 5. § 2,

See Bricks.

Cimber.

1. Burning of Frames of Timber prepared for building of Houles,

'n, i H. 8. r. 6.

2. And the cutting up, barking or dellroying Timber, how ru

nifhed, 1 Geo. 1. ft. 2. C 48. 6 Geo, 1. C 16.

3. Oak Timber (except for building) to be felled in April, Maj, and June, 1 Ja. 1. C 22. § 20.

4. Oaken Bark not to be regrated, 1 Ja. 1. C 22. § 19.

3. Timber or Boards, not to be imported but in English Shipping, ifc. 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 8.

6. The Importation of Fir Timber and Deal Boards, from the Netherlands or Germany prohibited, 13 If 14 Car. 2. C 11.

§ 23. Permitted from Germany, 6 Geo. \. C 15.

7. Deal Timber, or other Timber Boards imported, to what Duties liable, 2 IV If M. Jeff. 2. C 4. § 8.

8. With the Consent of Lords and Tenants, Common may be enclosed for planting Timber, 29 go, 2. C 36.

For other Matters, see jfott, plantations, ^tojcc,

Srccs, toot.

Cuti.

Shall be exported only at Dastmouth, 14 U. z.c. 7. Repealed, 1 3 R. 2. C 8.

2. Foreign Tin Ware not to be sold, 25 H. 8. C 9,

3. The

tefttjeg.

sdobncco,

3. The Duty upon Tin and Pewter leftened, 8 ft? 9 W. 5. e. 34. For Other Written, see 15jagctfi, cofllo 53. cllftoulo,

js>taunariee.

ctt|)c0.

). Writs of sore facias for Restitution of Tithes, shall not be granted, 18 Ed. 3. ft. 3. C 7.

2. Prohibition to be granted on a Suit for fibva caedua, 45 Ed. 3. '• 3-

3. Obligations made by Duress, not to sue for Tithes, void, 1 R.

z C 13, ' »

4. Farmers of Lands of Aliens shall pay their Tithes to thepar fons and Vicars of the Parishes, notwithstanding that the Lands are seized into the king's Hands, 5 FI. 4. C 11.

5. The purchasing Hulls to discharge the Payment of Tithes prohibited, 7 H. 4. C 6.

6. Tithes shall be paid according to Custom, and the Ordinary

shall compel Payment, 27 H. S. C 20. 32 H. 8. C 7,

7. For Payment of Tithes in London, 27 H. 8, C 21. 37 11. 8.

C 1 2. : ^3 Ed. 6. 13. § 1 2.

8. Abbey Lands to continue difehargea of Tithes as before 31 Id. 8. C 13. § 21.

9. Tithes may be conveyed, ftfr. as Lay Fee, 32 H. 8. C 7. 5 7.

10. Where Appellant to pay Coftr, 32 H. 8. C 7. § 3.

11. The Penalty of double Value for not setting forth, life, to be recovered in the Ecdefiaftical Court, 2^3 Ed. 6. C 13.

§ 2. ■

12. Tithe of Agistment where the Parish is not known, to be paid where the Owner dwells, 2 ftf 3 Ed. 6. C 13. § 3.

13. Barren Ground improved to pay Tithe after seven Years, 2 ft?

3 Ed. 6, C 13. § 5.

14. Fcr Payment of personal Tithes, 2^ 3 Ed. 6. C 13. § 7. rj. For Tithe Fish, 2 iff 3 Ed. 6. C 13. § 11.

16. In Suits for Tithes no Prohibition to be granted till a Copy of the Libel be delivered to the Judges with the Suggestion, 2

. &iej ci. §.4.

17. This Aft not 10 give Ecdefiaftical Jurisdiction contrary to farmer Statutes, z ft? 3 Ed. 6. C 13. § 13.

j8. No Tithes of Marriage Goods in ivales, 2^ 3 Ed. 6. C 13.-§ 16.

10. Certain Sums in London in lieu of Tithes, 22 ftf 23 Car'. 2.

C 15. ‘

20. Tithe of Hemp and Flax ascertained, IV ftf M. C 3. 11

ftf vz IV 3. C 16. 1 Geo. 1; Jl, 2. C 26. § 2.

■ 21. Justices of Peace empowered to give Remedy for small Tithes,

7 Gf 8 W. 3: C 6. 3 •.

'-2. Defendant infilling on Modus to give Security for Costs, 7 ftf

8 ■V/: 3j. C 6. § 8*

23, Where Ccfts against Comp'ainant, 7 ftf 8 W. 3. C 6. §12.

24. Regulation of the impropriate Tithes of St. Bride's, London,

4 Ann. C 27.

For ot'er Matters, see sfccotlut, hfc. 9. tfdettiojatt 17-

cosa 20. Ccclcflnfhcal Courts, Gfr. 31nbtta1){t

3. il^onaftcrtcc, jftoticottfojtmfts 10. po bibitton 3, 4, gsv. iujuaucrs 8. Quotation, sjicats 13. tulnion 3.

Cftfringg*

Shall be kept entire, MC. 9 H. 3. r. 35..

tsdltfjfltq; 99ait See Con (table.

Picteitteu. See Maintenance.

€ltle to vfc e ctg&lu See King. Cibcttoit (it Detion

For rebuilding the Town, 5 Gen. 2. C 14,.

For other Malta s, see ct>utcl)c£«

Coliacco.

1. Not to be plahted in England or Ireland, Ife. I z Car. «. C 34.

t; Car. 2. r. 7. § 18.. 22 ftf .23 Car. 2. C 26. 5 Gro. I.

C 11. § 19.

2. A Duty of 3 a', per Pound upon Tobacco, 1 Ja. 2. C 4.

3. This Duty made perpetual, and part of the south-sea Fund, by 9 Ann. C 21.

4. Security to be given on importing Tobacco, 7 ftf 8 IV 3,

C 10. § 5.

3. Three Months Time given for paying the Subsidy on Plantation Tobacco, 9 ftf 10 W. 3. C 23. § 10.

6. Tobacco to be imported in Calk or Chest only, 10 If 11 W. 3. C 21. § 29.

7. Nine Months Time given for paying the one third Subsidy on .Tobacco, 2 ftf 3 C 9. $ ir.

8. European Tobacco or of foreign Plantations not to be sold on board Ships of War, 6 Ann. c.zz. § 12.

9. Precautions concerning the Drawback on Tobacco exported to Ireland, 8 Ann. C 13. § 18. Two percent, allowed for Walk,

6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 48.

10. No Debenture or Drawback for Ships under 20 Tonnes, 8 Ann. C 13. § 20.

11. Allowances made out of the Duties on Tobacco, 12 Ann,

ft. 2. C 8. 5 Geo. 1. C 7. 9 Geo. 1. C 21. § 3, 1 z.

12. The adulterating Tobacco and Snuff prohibited, 1 Geo." 1.

C 46. 5 Got. 1. r. 11. § 22.

13. Penalty of Persons exporting or endeavouring to obtain a Drawback for the same, 1 Geo. 1. C 46. § 2.

14. Allowance for Waste in exporting to Ireland, 6 Geo. 1. e. 21.

§ 48.

15. Penalty on landing Tobacco in Ireland, that is entered for other foreign Parts, 6 Geo. 1, C 21. § 49.

16. Condemned Tobacco to be sold or burnt, 12 g .o. 1. C 28.

§ 10.

17. Importation of Tobacco Stalks prohibited, 12 Geo. 1. C 28.

§ >3. '................

18. Repeal of a Prohibition of importing Tobacco stripped, 2 Gre. 2. C 9.

19. Allowance and Drawback upon Tobacco out of the last Subsidy, 21 G: o. 2. C 2. § 5.

20. Importers of Tobacco to bring a Manifest from the Officer of thecustoms in the Plantations, 24 Geo. 2. C 41.

21. Regulations for removing Tobacco by Land, 24g-». 2.

<-.41. § 9. 26 Geo. 2. C 1 3.

22. Regulations for carrying Tobacco Coastwise, 24 Geo. z. ct.

§ >3

23. No Tobacco to be exported unless in Vessels of 70 Tonnes, 24 Geo. 2. C 41. § 25.

24. lntereft to be paid on Tobacco Bonds from the Day in the Condition to the Date of the searcher's Certificate, 24 Geo. 2. C 41. § 129.

23. An Extent may be issued on a Tobacco Bond, before it is due, 24. Geo z. C 41. § 30.

26. Tobacco removed without Certificate may be seized, 26 Geo. 2. C 13. § 2.

27. Claud Johnfm relieved from his Bond for securing Duties ola Tobacco, 30 Geo. 2. C 26. § 18.

For other'matters, fe cuttoiuo, plantations I, rdc. j&liulf.'

t^obncco 'pfpe Clap

Not to be expoited, 13 ftf 14 Car. 2. C 18. § 8.. 6 Geo. 1. e, 21.

. § 3a

Colerattoit of jdfttenter#. See nonconformists.

Cell

Creafou.

ci'nfcetfe*

€onsi;

Colls ant colf'&at&etets*

1. Taking outrageous Toll prohibited, St. iveftm. i. 3 Ed *• f. 31.

2. Toll of a Mill how to be taken, Ord. propiftor. C 4. Vol. 1.

186.

3. Toll not to be taken, or anything in Lieu thereof, but in the usual Proportion, 22 Car. 2. C 8. § 8.

4. Tolls how taxable, 4 Geo. 7. C 2, § 4 39.,

For other Matters, see ®illingfgate 5. Jfflits 10. jrojcll

9. ills I, ifi.

coltc* See Rivers.

Connate ann #>ountia0e. See Customs.

Cotfute.

No Person to be subject to Torture in Scotland, 7 Ann. C 21. § 5.

cottttn See Turn.

Cournap ann Cerocnn?,

Remedies provided for the king's Subjects there, 5 H. 8. C i.

Colon Oetfc.

1. Ought not to be a Popish Recusant Convidl, 3 Ja. 1. C 5. §8.. ' '. • •..,

2. How to deliver a Schedule of Fines, tsv, to the Sheriff, 22 if 23 Car. 2. r. 22. § 7.

3. And a Duplicate into the Court of Exchequer, 22 if 23 Car.

2. C 22. § 8.'

4. How punishable for discharging or concealing an Indidlment, ifc, 22 if 23 Car. 2, C 22. § 9.

5. Or not returning Ellreats into the Court of Exchequer, 3 Geo.

1. C 15. § 12.

coums See Watch.

Persons residing in the Country prohibited to retail certain Wares • in Towns, 1 if 2 P. if M. C 7.

For other Mattrs, fe III 0. lsutcflclfi 2. jdjtljlcvp' CI ifc. iijuc snt> Crp, 3!tifliccg of $5cace 16, ifc. Liberties, ifijjurtict: 4. jj^ufancc, |£>arliantcne 96, 98. Pinion 2. aieights to.

Cratscs*

1. Wares made in Towns how to be searched by the Chief Officers, and seized as forfeited if defective, 3 Ed. 4.. C 4. § 4 «!■

2. Bakers, Brewers, Surgeons and Scriveners, not accounted Handicrafts, 22 //. 8. C 13.

3. Trades not to be exercised publicly but by those who have been educated as Apprentices, 5 El. C 4. § 21.

For 0 her Matters, f e ulfcus, stmbnfladojs 3. 33pp?cu=

ticcs, 15attfe, 15anferupt, 15?obtrs it. Cojpojation 12. Cuttoins, Cbicencc 2, 3. Sbonbon 3a. s3ljamjfac= tutes, ^ctchant3, ^ilitta 18. ^oitopolics, fdoo? 14, ifc. ibulfia 4. jsrtjtps, fajolbicts 12.

Ctaflt L See Oil.

ctiu'tgjs. See Treason.

cranfpo^tatlou.

I. Notorious Spoil Takers in ncrthumb.rland,. ifc. may be transported, 18 Car, 2. C 3. § 2.

$

2. The Judges may transport Felons that Ileal Cloth from the Rack in the Night, or imbezil the king's Stores, 22 Car. 2. r. 5.

3. Felons burning Stacks of Corny or killing Cattle in the Night, 22 if 23 Car. 2. C 7. § 4.

4. Felonies within Benefit of Clergy may be punished with transportation, 4 Geo. 1, r. ltv

3. Felons may be franfported bv a subsequent Court for the same County, 6 Geo. 1. C 23.

6. Expense of tranfporta'.ion to be paid by the County treasurer, 6 Geo. 1, C 23. § 3.

7'. Securities for Tranfporiation to be in the Name of the Cleric of the Peace, 6 Geo. 1. e. 23. § 4.

8. Rescuing Transports Death, 6 Geo. 1. C 23. § 5.

9. Convicts not t anfporting themselves, or returning, to suffer Death, 16 Geo. 2. C 15; § t.

10. Diredlions for Trial of Offenders who return from transportation, or do not transport therrifelves, 16 Geo, 2, e, 15. § 2.

11. Reward for convifling such Offenders, 16 Geo. 2. C 15. § 3.

12. Rebels transported and returning, or going into France or Spain, guilty of Felony without Clergy, 20 Geo. 2. C 46.

For other Matters, see 3&tt0jm'cs 26. 15?nndp 37. clctgp, €031135. €uftoms 143. jdccrej&tealcvc 13. ^fclonp, habeas €o?pus 9. i^fgbtoaps 37. Une 23. £lf)ar= triages 12. |}o?tbumbct: lant> 14. ^erjurp 2. p>ifons} ifc. 29. iruahcvs 2. isobbevp.s shagrants 13. cctool 39, ifc. eilrccr r

crailfpo?tntion of <£?00tl£ See Exportation.

Craitfpojt Debt.

The Payment of the Interest of the Transport Debt for reducing Ireland, how provided for, 8 y g.w. 3. C 25. gif to hi'. 3. 27.

^rnnsubstantfatfon. See Oath and Papist. Ctnbcrfe.

1. An Office returned by an Efcheator in Chancery may be travelled there, 34 Ed. 3. C 14.

2. Lands seized on an Inquifnion shall not be let to Farm till a

Month after it is returned, and shall be let to the Party that will traverse the Inquifnion, 8 H. 6. C 16. 1 H.. 8. C 10.

3. No Grant to be made of Lands till a Month after the Inquifnion returned, 1 8 f. 6. r. 6.

4. No Protection to be allowed to a Patentee on the Scire facias,. 23 H, 6. C 16.

5. Rights saved that are not found by the inquifi.ion, 2 if 3 Ed. 6. r. 8.

6. Travetfe given, where the King is entitled by double Matter of Record, 2 if 3 Ed. 6. C 8. § 7.

For other Flatters, see ircccitjcvs, -

Cireafem

1. Declaration of Treasons, 2; Ed. 3. Jl. 5. C 2.

2. Forfeiture of Traitors dying in War before Attainder, 34 Ed.

3. C 12. 46 Ed. 3. in Ap; endix.

3. Treason to pursue the deposing the King, or. to repeal certain. Acts, 21 R. 2. C 3, 4, ifc.

4. For several old condemned Opinions relating to Treason and the Prerogative, see 21 R. 2. C 12. t II 4..;. 3.

5. Nothing shall be adjudged Treason but as was ordained by the' Statute of Edward V I.. I H. 4.. C I o..

6. Clipping, wailing, ifc. of Money, Treason, 3 E.; .f, .6,

7. Escape of a Prisoner committed for Suspicion of Treason, declared to be Treason, 2 11..6. c..ij..

8. Serving the King for the Time being incurs no forfeiture, i 1 H. 7. C 1.

9. Wilful poifoniog made High Treason, 22 II S. C

40.- prasifwg;

Creafott

Cteafoit,

, 10. practising against the Establishment of the Succession made Treason, 2; H. 8. C 22. § 8.

11. Other Offences declared Treason, 26h. 8. C 13. §2. z8 H. 8. C 18.

.1 2. Benefit of san&unry taken atvay in Cases of High Treason, 26 H. 8., r. 13. § 3.

.13. Treasons committed in foreign Parts to be tried in any Coumy where the King shall dircft, '26 H. S. C 13. § 4. 3; 11. &.

C 2. 5 £3' 6 Ti. 6. r. 11. § 6. Extended to Natives of Sru/

land, 7 Ann. C 21. § 5.

14. Persons guilty of High Treason shall forfeit all their Lands of Inheritance, 26 II 8. 13. § 5. 5 to 6 Ed. 6. e. 11. § q.

•15. Counterfeiting the Sign Manual, or Privy Signet, made High Treason, 27 H. 8. C 2.

, 16. Treasons committed in Wales, tor. to be tried where the King shall appoint, 32//. 8. C 4.,

, 17. How Treasons committed by Lunatics shall be punished, 33 //. 8. r. 20.

to. The Privy Council may order Persons vehemently furpe£ted, to be tried in any County, 33 H. S. C 23.

19. Peremptory Challenge taken away in High Treason, ‘33

tl. 8. C 23. r -

20. A Repeal of all Treasons fmee 25 Ed. 3. 1 Ed. 6. C 12.

§ 2. with Exceptions, § 8.

21. Preaching, fife, against,, king's Title, the third Offence, ■ 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 6. Repealed, 1 Mar. ft. \. C 1.

22. High Treason to deny the Supremacy, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 7.

23. To interrupt the Succession of the Crown, 1 Ed. 6. t. 12.

§ 9.

24. The Wife of one>attainted of Treason or Felony shall be endowed, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 17.

2;. The Wife of one attainted of Treason forfeits her Dower, 5 fif 6 Ed. 6. C 11. § 13.

26. Concealing High Treason shall be adjudged Misprision of

Treason, 1 Ed. 6. C 1 2. § zo. 5 to' 6 £</. 6. r. 11. § 11. 1

10. §8.

27. None shall be indidled of Treason, Misprision, fftc. without

two Witnesses, 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 22. 5 to 6 Ed. 6. C 11. § 12.

1 P. to M. C 10. § 1 1.

z8. The third offence of affirming that the King is a Heretic or Usurper made Treason, 3 fif 6 Ed. 6. C it. Repealed by 1 Mar. ft. 1. r. 1.

29. Withholding the king's Castles or Stores, tor. made Treason, 5 fif 6 Ed. 6. e. 11. § 5. 14 El. C 1.

30. Outlawry of a Person beyond the Sea, for High Treason, to be valid, unless he surrender himself to the Chief Justice within the Year, 5 (ft 6 Ed. 6. e. 11. § 7, 8.

31. All Treasons and Forfeitures for Treason, except those in 25 Ed. 3. repealed, 1 m.jl. 1. C 1, § 3.

32. It shall be High Treason to counterfeit foreign Coins current here, or the queen's Sign Manual, Privy Signet or Privy Seal,

1 M. ft. 2. C 6.

33. To pray that God would shorten the queen's Days, 1 fif 2 P. fif M. C 9.

34. Certain Practises again IT: King Philip made Treason, .1 fif 2 P. cif M. C L o.

35. All Trials for Treason to be according to the common-law, J (ft 2 P. (ft M. C 10. § 7.

36. Counsellors, Procurers, fife, in High Treason to be punished as Principals, 1 fif 2 P. fif M. C to. § 13.

37. Importing counteifeit foreign Coins made Treason, 1 fifz P. to M. C 11.

38. Impugning the queen's Title, tor. 1 El. C 5.

39. Second Refusal of the old Oath of Supremacy to be punished as High Treason, 5 EL C 1. § 11.

40. Clipping and Impairing Money made Treason, 5 El. C 11. — Grantees in titled to Forfeitures, 5 El. C 1 1. § 3.

41. Certain Offences by Wards, tor. made Treason during the Life of Queen Eliaahth, 13 El. C 1.

42. Treason for Popish Priests to remain in the Kingdom, or

4

for Persons in Popiffi Seminaries nflt Priests, not to return and submit, tor. 27 El. C 2. § 3 to 5.

43. Reconciling any Person, or being reconci'ed to the See of

Rome, putting in Use the pope's Bulls, tor. made Treason, 13 El. r, 2. 23 El. C 1.. 3 Ja. I. r. 4. § 22.

44. Conspiring to enlarge Prisoners committed for Treason, 14 El. r. 2.

45. No pad Attainder to be reversed after Execution, 2s oh 29 El. C 2.

46. Certain Offences by Words made Treason, during the i.ife of King Charles II 13 Car. 2. ft. \. C \.

47. Corresponding with Enemies, 3 W, to M. C 13. 3 to 4

Ann. r. 14.

48. Repairing to France, 3 .to M. C 13. 9 W. 3. r. t

49. Regulations of Trials for High Treason, 7 to 8 W. 3. C 3.

50. A Copy of the Indictment to be given to the Defendant five Days before the Trial, 7 to 8 W. 3. r. 3. § t. After the pretender's Death, it shall be given him 10 Days before the Trial, with Lists of the witneftes and Jury, 7 Ann. C 21. '§ 11. Defendant may make his Defence by Counsel, 7 to 8 IV 3. r. 3. § 1. Extended to Trials upon Impeachments, 20 Geo. 2.

3°.. •

51. Proviso that any Person may be outlawed and thereby attainted, 7 IV 3. C 3. §'3. :.,

52. No Attainder without two Witnesses or Confession, tor. 7 W. 3. C 3. $ 2, 4..

53. On Trial of a Peer all Peers to be summoned, 7 IV 3. r. 3.

§ it.

54. Corresponding with the late King James made Treason, 9 IV 3. r. i.

5;. Corresponding with the Pretender, if IV 3, r. 3. § 2.

56. To compass the Death of the Princess Anise, 13 IV 3. r. 6. § 1 ?•

57. Endeavouring to hinder the Succession, 1 Ann. ft. 2. r. 17.

§ 3- •,. ■

58. Officers or Soldiers beyond Sea corresponding with Enemies, 2 to 3 Ann. e. 20. § 34.

59. Railing Mutiny, disobeying or resisting Officer beyond Sea, Felony, 2 to 3 anne. 20. § 35.

60. Offences may be tried in K. B. 2 to 3 Ann. r. 20. § 36.

61. Writing in Defence of the pretender's Claim made Treason,

4 Ann. r. 8. 6 Ann. r. 7.

62. The Laws concerning Treason extended to Scotland, 7 Ann.

C 21.

63. After the Death of the Pretender, no Attainder of High Treason shall extend to the diffieriting any Heir, toe. 7 Ants, C 21. § 10. Not to take effcdltill after the Death of the pretender's Sons, 17 Geo. 2. C 39. § 3.

64. Treason committed in the Rebellion, to be tried in any

County, 1 Geo. Jl. 2, C 33. 19 Geo. 2. C 9.

65. Jurors in Scotland on Trials for Treason or Misprision, toe. to have 40*. Rent, 19 Geo. 2. C 9. § 4.

66. Council allowed to Persons impeached by the Commons, 20

Geo. 2. C 30.

67. Treasons excepted out of general Pardon, 20 Geo. 2. e, jz. § 5• * s3

68. Assisting transported Rebels to return, or corresponding with them, if they go into France or Spain, Felony without Clergy, 20 Geo. 2. C 46. § 2, 3.

For other Matters, see ?Ht faultier, 115a11 I I. Clcfgp, Bv roj 8. jrclohi''toit&tn clcrslb 'Title dreafou. jfo?= fetture,; ffcancl)ifc5, fet'ttg 27. Jbibcvtfcc, ^ottep 12. II pjitis 12. palaces 6. jcjcmmtirc, Ificcufants 18. iroinc 10. il>cotlaiitr, Crtal 7. «ualcs, mlit ncflec,,

Creators?.

1. County Treasurers to be chosen by the Justices of Peace, 43

El. e. 2. § 14.

2. Treasurers

€iee£

2. Treasurers of particular Subsidies appointed by the Parliament,

3'7*« i. C 34.; ' •;

€tee&

1. The Proprietors of Trees cut down or taken away, how re compenfed, and the Offenders punished, 43 El. C 7. 15 Car.

2. C 2. § 2.

z. Ingrofling Oak Bark prohibited, 1 Ja. 1. r. 22. § 19.

3. Penalty of selling Oaks to be barked, 1 Ja. 1. C 22. §20,

4. The Houses of Persons suspected to have cut or taken them away, to be searched, 15 Car. 2. C 2. § 2.

5. Persons destroying Plantations punished as Trefpaffers, 22 ft

23 Car. 2. C 7. $ 5. 1 Geo. \, ft. 2. C 48. 6 Geo. 1. C 16.

29 Geo. 2. C 36. § 6.

6. As Felons, 9 Geo. 1. C 22. § r.

7. The neighbouring Inhabitants, 1 Geo. \. ft. 2. C 48. 6 Geo.

I. C 16.

8. And the Hundred answerable for Damages, 9 Geo. 1. C 22.

§ 7. 29 Gfo. 2. C 36. § o.

Tor other Matter!, see ci)uvd) 4. Jfclonp toitljout clctgtn ‘title Cvccs, ifo?e(t, fxuit, Imitations 27, bv. Scotlanti, Stcjcs 7. Ctcfpafs 9. sacotw

Crcnt. See Rivers.

Crefpnfgu

1. Trefpalfesin Parks and Ponds, 20 H. 3, C 11. 3 Er. I. C 20.

2. Or in the Lands of Spiritual Persons during a Vacancy, how punished, 52 H. 3. C 28.

3. Writ of Trespass shall not be had before the Justice without Oath that the Goods amount to 40/. St. Glouc. 6 Ed. 1. r. 8. St. Wall. 12 Ed. 1. in ftpfendix.

4. On eftoin in Trespass, Day given before Justices in Eyre, 6 Ed. 1. C 8.

5. Execution in trespass by Imprisonment or Amercement, St. Walt, 12 Ed. 1. in appendix.

6. trefpaftes shall be determined before the Justices of both Benches, except they require great Examination, St. Wcfim. 2, 13 Ed. 1. C 30.

7. The King shall have Suit dc muliere ah dull a cum lonii viri, St. Westm. 2. 13 edi. r. 34.

8. Process granted of Trespass in a former Reign, 2 Ed. 3. C 13.

9. Cutting Heads of Waters or Conduit Pipes, burning loaded Carts or Heaps of Wood, cutting out the Tongues of tame Beads, cutting off Peoples Ears, and barking Fruit Trees, to be punished with treble Damages, bfr. 37 B. 8. C 6. § 4.

10. Cutting Corn, robbing Orchards, damaging Trees, iste. to be punished by whipping, 43 El. C 7.

11. In Trespass iftuare clavfum fregit, the Defendant shall be admitted to disclaim, and plead that the Trespass was involuntary with a Tender of Amends, 21 Ja. 1. C 16. § 3.

12. Full Cods to be recovered againd inferior Tradesmen and Apprentices for trefpaftes in Hunting, 4 b'5 IF. ift M. C 23. § 10.

13. The cap'.atur Fine taken away in Trespass, 5 W. ft M. C 12.

14. Penalties on dealing Turnips, 25 Geo. 2. e. 26. § 13.

For other Matters, see 3imerciamcnt 7. Attaint 4, 6. Cattle 4. Constable 3. Costs 21. jdtftrcfs 22, cpcuto?o 3. jro?tible Cuttp,; fro?cfts 29. ante 19. 3lifc Cftatcs 7. lliinitations, idutlai»?i? b. irape 1. Suits, {tentier 1. Cvccs 5. cctooos 10, iftc..

Ctial

1. Shall be per Pares, M. C q H. 3. c..29.

2. Of a Deed may be by a Jury alone in Default of the wit neffes named, St. Elor.. 12 Ed. Jl. 1. C

3. A Deed dated where the king's Writ runneth not, shall he tried where the Action is brought, 9 Ed. 3. ft. t. C 4.

4. For Trial of foreign Pleas pleaded by Felons, 22 II 8. C 2;

C 14. 1 Ed. 6. C 12. § 11.

5. If Stoke, iftc. is in one County and Death in another, the Trial to be where the Death happens, 2 ft 3 Ed..6. C 24. § 2.

6. Venire for the Trial of any Issue at Wtftminster to be de cor poe condtatus, 4 ft 3 Ann, C 16. § 6.

7. Persons committed for Treason or Felony, shall on their Prayer be indidled the next Term, and tried within the Term following, or bailed, 31 Car. 2. C 2. § 7. '

8. witneftes for the Prisoner shall be examined upon Oath in Treason and Felony, 1 amt.jl. 2. c.q. § 3..

9. Commifficns to be awarded to inquire of Treasons or Felonies committed by Peers in scot'and, 6 Ann. C 23. § 12..

10. Offences in cedroyirg Turnpikes, maybe tried in any County, 8 Geo. 2. C 20, § 3.

11. Liding Subjects into a foreign Service out of the Kingdom, may be tried in any County, 9 Geo. 2. C 30. § 2.

12. Where the Plaintiff delays pioceeding to Trial, there may be Judgement cf Nonsuit, 14 Geo. 2. C 17.

13. Where the Defendant lives 40 Miles from london, there shall be ten Days Notice of Trial, 14 Gee. 2. C 17. § 4.

14. Such Notice may be countermanded six Days lxforctrial, 14 gto. 2. C ij. § 5.

13. On penal Statutes the Venire to be de corf ore comitatus, 24 Geo. 2. C 18.. § 3.

16, The Challenge for want of a Knighton the Pane], taken array, 24g£-0. 2. e. 18. § 4.

For aether Matters, see Unlit ill 3. 3ffifc 19. Attaints 16. ibjaffcts 6. Clergp 24. otouftablcnuti ihfhu fbal <efci=. tence n. jfelonp, <rj. jffojctgn States 7. 31u^ rtes, 31ufttccs t.tt.ci'?c, 31uftfecs of Oyct anti tttct= tinner, jubcrties, ulojtjs 3. ^ctu'ctntejlutguac, 4j3tO pjtus, j^otifutt 4. palaces 6. peeves 6. piracy, plantations 18. pleating, jrccojtus, Scotland, Cteafon, trialcs.

Cvfmtp. See Blasphemy.

Ccimtp i])oufe of ideptfo^s'tremd.

Pilots licensed by this Corporation how regulated and governed, 5 Geo. 2. C 20..

For other Matters, see ships.

Ctopljp ihouep* s ee Militia..

Crout.

None to kill Trouts not being in Searon, i.el. C 17.. § 1 for other Matters,, see jfifly.

Cruce

1. Truce Breaking declared High Treason, 2 H. 3. 0.6, Repealed, 20 H. 6. C 11..

2. Conservators of Truces and Safe Condudts to be appointed in the Sea Ports, z H.. 5. C 6.. 29 //..6,. C 2.

3. thestatute 2/L5.c.6. suspended forseven Years, 14H.6.C.S..

4. The Chancellor shall redress Offences in Breach of Truce and Safe Ccndudf, 31 B. 6. C 4..

5. acts.againd Truce Breakers confirmed, 14 Ed. 4. C 4..

For Other Matters, see Safe C 0i)bu If.

Ct'ttft out) Cniffcr. See Execution, Frauds, Idiots, Infants, Parliament,.. South sea Company

Cuniults

cumtlltjs. See Petition and Riots. curbctsj.

May be imported as they might have been before i ou 11 W. 3. 1 Geo, jr. 18. § 10.

For other Matters, see jft'ff),

Curfcep Company.

1. Any subject may be admitted on Payment of 20/. z6 Geo. 2. e. 18.

2. Exportation of Gold and Silver subject to bylaws, 26 Geo. 2. C 18. § 4.

3. Their bylaws subject to be revised by the Board of Trade, 26 go. z. C 18. § 5.

4. No Woollen Goods of France to be imported into the Levant Seas, 32 Geo. 2. C 34.

5. Nor British, except from Britain, 32 Geo. 2. C 34, § a.

For other Matters, see jfrettcl) leootljs, CSV.

. Cunt

1. Shall be held but twice in the Year, M. C 9 H. 3, C 33, ■ 31 Ed. 3. f. 1. C 13.

2. Peers, religious Persons, and Women, privileged from coming to the Turn, st.marleb. 52 H. 3. C 10.

3. Articles to be inquired of in the Turn, St. Wall. 12 Ed. 1. in Appendix.

4. Sheriffs shall make their Inquests by 1 z Men, who shall fet their Seals, 13 Ed. 1. C 13.

5. The Sheriff shall deliver over to the Justices the Indictments taken in the Turn, and shall not make out Proceis upon them, 1 Ed. 4. C 2.

6. Jurors in the Turn shall have 20 s. a Year Freehold, or 11. 6 s. 8 d. Copyhold, 1 R. 3. e. 4.

For other Matters, see Counts Court,

Ctinrip0. seetrefpafs*

Cuntptfccss.

1. Breaking or cutting them down, punished as a Trespass, 1 Geo. 2. f. 2. C 19. § 1.

2, Charges of Prolccution to be defrayed out of the Tolls, 5 Geo. z. C 33. § 3.

3, Turnpikes illegally erected, to be removed by Order of Quarter sessions, 5 Geo. 2. C 33. § 4.

4. Tolls for repairing them, and Officers for coliefling such Tolls, exempt from Taxes, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 1 iq.

For o'her Matters, see hfciontcs eoltlj stu) lbttljout Clctgp,

‘title Cunipthcs. Qfgljteaps 37..

Curpeittine. See Drugs, Fire ■cutojgf* See Schools.

cglluflu See Exhamshire.

cptfjc See Tithe.

V ^

(Hacatfons.

I, Frqits of Benefices taken in the Time of Vacanioh, shall be relloied to the next Incumbent, 28 H. 8, C 11.

2. Incumbent may bequeath Corn Town, 23 U. 8. C 11. § 6.

For other Matters, see iuutfljopc and cecelcfiaftical ev foh0.

efngrnntg.

1. Giving Alms to a Personable to work prohibited, 23 Ed. 3. ft. i. C 7. .11 H. 7. C z.

2. To be imprisoned by the Sheriff, 25 Ed, 3. ft. t. e. 7.

3. Justices of Peace, £jfc. to bind Vagrants to the good Behaviour, 7 R. 2. C 5.

4. Roberdcfmen, Drawlatches and suspicious Persons to be arrdt ed, 3 Ed. 3. C 14.

5. A Servant at the End of his Term shall not depart out of the Hundred, 12 R. 2. C 3.

6. Beggars able to ivoik shall be fet in the Stocks, xzr.z. <-• 7-

7. Prisoners arrived from beyond Sea shall have Passes from the Magilirntes, 12 R. 2. C 8.

8. Punishment of Vagrants and those that relieve them, 19 H. c.12. 22 H. 8. C 12. 27 FI. 8. C z5. 1 Ed. 6. C 3. 3 4 Ed. 6. C 16. 5 if 6 Ed. 6. C 2. z & 3 P. & M. C 3.

5 El. C 3. 14f/. C 4. isf/. C 3. 39 £/. r. 1 Ja. t.

r. 7. jja.i.c. ^.

9. The Punishment by gaoling, boring through the Ear, C repealed, 35 El. C 7. § 24.

10. Wandering Soldiers or Mariners shall settle to Labour, and shall have a Testimonial from a Justice of Peace, 39 El. e. 17.

11. General privy Search to be made for Vagrants, Sc. 7 Ja. t. r. 4.

12. For. apprehending of Vagrants, 1 3 Sif 14 Car. 2. C 12. § 16. .12. ann.ft. 2. C 23.

13. The Justices may transport Rogues and Vagrants, 13 14

Car. 2. C 12. § 23.

14. Constables may make Rates for reimbursing the Charge of conveying Vagrants, 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 18.

15. Vagrants passed by Constables to be brought before a Justice, 11 Gf 12 3. r. 18,

16. Justices to set down the Rates for conveying Vagrants, 1 ann.ft. 2. C 13. § 6.

17 Vagrants to be put into the queen's Sea Service, 2 la 3 Ann. C 6. § 16.

18. Justices to make Rates for conveying Vagrants, 5 Ann. C 32.

19. General Directions concerning Vagrants, 1 z Ann. ft. 2. C 23.

13 Geo. 2. C 24. 17 Geo. 2. C 5.

20. Breaking out of House of Correction Felony, 17 Geo. 2. C 5. §9

21. Directions for passing them into Ireland, Jersey, Guernsey, idle. 17 Geo. 2. C 3. § 14,

22. Directions concerning Women delivered in the Street, '17 Geo. 2. C 5, § 25.

23. Vagrants, whole Settlements cannot be found, may be sent to the Plantations, 17 Geo. 2. C 5. § 28.

24. end gatherers to be deemed Rogues and Vagrants, 13 Geo.

1. r. 23. § 8-

23; Players acting within five Miles of the Qniverfities, deemed Vagabonds, 10 Gee. 2. C 19. § 1. Or acting without Licence, 10 Gee. 2. C 28. '

26. The Justices may examine a Vagrant upon Oath, and For want of Bail commit him till the Assises, 25 Geo, 2, C 36. §12.

27. Method of conveying Vagrant', 26 Geo. 2. C 34. § 2.

For aether Matters, see ubaftiltt) 10. coulup ifip.tcg, jrdo

tttes tottfcout Ctergp, The ^rojgerp. Ifoufcc of Cojs vcktoit, |3oo?, Soreicrsu.

aeiure. See Juries, Oyer and Terminer, Pleadings, Trial.

fluettue

ttfffuai*

(Hfcattf*

fljeitue*

]. Attorneys shall be fvvorn not to bring Suits in foreign Counties, 4 H. 4. C 18.

2. After a Venire returned, if any Party plead a foreign Plea, puis darrein continuance, it (hold be tried by the Jury returned, 23 H, 6. C 11.

3, Writs of Venire to be de corpore eomitatus, 4 Ann. C t6. § 6.

For other Matters, see jjuttcs and^slrialg.

derm's.

1. The Justices shall take special Verdidls inaffifes, st.tveftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 30.

2. Verdidls to be returned in Bank, 13 Ed. 1. C 30. § 2.

3. Penalty on a Judge or Clerk changinga Verdict, 8 R. 2. C 4.

For other Matters, see Abatement z3. <5meittmtent 4. <2t>to? 13. 31ubsinent 5,

detge.

The Privileges of the Verge to be used as formerly, 33 H. 8. C 12. § 21.

For other Matter, see |3alaccs.

oct/lll'cc. See Vinegar, defies 0? et clotfjg. See Drapery, deficit See Beer, Fish and Soap.

defines

For regulating select Vestries, 15 Car. 2. C 5.

di et Menus See Indictments.

dimes, pat fons atiu Curates

1. There shall be a Secular Vicar indowed upon every Appropriation, 15 R. 2. C 6. 4 H. 4. C 1 2.

2. The Profits arising during the Vacancy of a Benefice go to the next Incumbent, 28 H. 8. C jr,

3. An Incumbent may devise the Corn fowr. on his Glebe, 28 H. 8. C 11. § 6.

4. Where the King shall have the Advowson of Vicarages, 1 El.

r. 4. § 25.

5. The Qualifications requisite for a Benefice with Cure, of the yearly Value of 30 /. 1 3 El. C 12. § 6.

6. Where a Man may be deprived for holding a Doctrine contrary to the Articles, 13 El. C 12. § 2.

7. What Age, and what fubferibing and reading of the Articles

requisite, 13 El. C 12. § 3. 23 Geo. 2. C 28. § 2.

8. Remedies against Simoniacal Prcfentations, 31 el.c.6. § 2.

12 Ann. ft. 2. C 12.

g. Reading and Afient to the Common Prayer, required for a Benefice with Cure, 13 14 Car. 2. C 4. § 6, 7. 23 Geo. 2.

C 28. § I.

10. The Penalty for accepting a Benefice without prieft's Orders,

13 if 14 Car. 2. C 4. § 14.

11. Owners of Impropriations may annex them to the Parsonage or Vicarage, 17 Car. 2. C 3. § 7.

12. Incumbents not having 100/. a Year may purchase to themselves and their succeltors, without Licence of Mortmain, 17 Car. 2. e. 3. § 8.

13. Augmentations of small Vicarages and Curacies by refer vations in Leafcs of Tithes perpetuated, 29 Car. 2. C 8.

14. The Augmentations of small Livings provided for by erecting

a Corporation to receive a Grant of the Firstfruits and Tenths from the Crown, and Grants from private Persons, 2 (A 3 Ann. C 11. 1 Geo. L ft. 2. C 10.

Von. IX Tab.

13. Provisoes that such Grants fltall not prejudice former Grants of Firstfruits, (Ac. 2 (A 3 Ann. C n. § 3. 5 Ann. C 24. § 3.

3 Geo. 1. C 10. § 5...

16. Redlors, (Ac. may "purchase Lands to the yearly Value of 200 /. 10 Ann, C I I. § 10.

17. Bishops enabled toappo nt Stipends for Curates, \2 Ann. ft. 2. C 12.

18. Where a Presentation is invalid for want of a Stamp. See Stamps.

For as her Matters, see cutibotofolt, ^ppiopuatlcng, caf

laitie, Cburd;, ccclecaftical Court, jrtvft jfrtutc, Suns Utrum, sdaths, £tuare iuipetnt, iftcquence,

Giffualg anti disuallcrg

1. Inquiry to be made in Eyre if Butchers and Cooks sell wholesome Victual;, Judic. Pillor. 51 H. 3, ft. 6. § 3.

2. Magistrates keeping the Assize of Victuals shall not sell Wine

or Vidluals, St. Ebor. 12 Ed. 2. ft, 1. C 6. 6 R. 2. C 9.

3. A Restraint of the Excess of Tables, St. de Cibar. 10 Ed. 3,

ft 3-

4. Vidtuals shall be sold at reasonable Prices, 23 Ed. 3. C 6.

5. Victuals may be sold freely in London, and the Defaults of Victuallers to be redressed by the Mayor and Aldermen, 31 Ed. 3„ ft. IC. 10.

6. Prices of Vidtuals fixed, 37 Ed. 3. C 3.

7. Shall be sold by Retail by Londoners only, 42 Ed. 3. C 7.

8. Aliens in Amity may retail their Vidluals in London, 6 R. 2. C 1 o. Repealed, 7 R. 2. C 11. Enforced by 1 H. 4, e 17.'

9. Vidtuallers shall take reasonable gains at the Discretion of the

Justices, 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 8. 2 H. 6. C 14.

10. Patents shall not be granted of the Survey of Vidtuals, 12 Ed. 4. C 8.

11. When a Vidlualler is chosen chief Magistrate of a Town, (Ac two Men shall be elected to have the Correction of Vidluals, 3 H. 8. e. 8.

12. Prices of Vidtuals to be fixed by the Lords of the Council, and by the chief Magistrates of Towns, 25 H. 8. e. 2.

13. Vidtuals shall not be exported without Licence, 25 H. 8. C 2.

§ 5. 1 y 2 p. (A m. C 3.

14. Conspiracies ofi Vidtuallers and Handicraftsmen to raise their Prices, prohibited on Pain of Pillory, (Ac. 2 (A 3 Ed, 6. C 15-

15. Corn, Beef, (Ac. may be exported, when they do not exceed

limited Prices, 1 2 Car. 2. e. 4. § 11. 22 Car. 2. C 13.

16. Importation of foreign Beef, Porkand Bacon, prohibited, 18

Car. 2. C 2. 20 Car. 2. C 7.

17. Bees, Pork, Bacon, Butter, Cheese and Candles may be exported, 22 Car. 2. C 13. § 4.

18. Duty on Butter and Cheese exported, 22 Car. 2. C 13. § 5,

19. Bees, (Ac. may be exported free, 3 IP. (A M. C 8.

20. Importation of foreign Bacon permitted, 5 W. (A M. C 2. §4.

21. A Tax on the Vidtuallers in London, in Consideration of their being prohibited to send out Pots, 12 Geo. 1. C 12. Repealed 16 Geo. 2. c.12.

22. Exportation of Vidtuals restrained for a Year, 14 Geo. 2. C 3;.

23. Vidluals may be imported from Ireland into Scotland, in Time of Dearth, 14 Geo. 2. C 7.

24. Importation of salted Beef, Pork and Butter from Ireland allowed for six Months, 31 Geo. 2. C 28. § 1. 32 Geo. 2. e. i.

For other Matters, fe 2!lei)0ufcs, 1i5utct)cr, 'ilbuttcf, Cattle, Cojn, ^fojettauers, i^i'gljtoats 56. s?olg* nags 9. 3lonlioti 13. Merchants 19, (Ac. Manta tions 68. alt, ^cotlaun, Caine,

di'etu.

1. In what Cases it shall not be granted, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 48. Stat. de vic. (Ac, incerti temp, in Appendix.

2. For the ordering a View before Trial, 4 Ann. C t6. § 8.

For other Flatters, see juries.

Z

$3 it! fill:

(Bfnesar*

©nfteffitfe&

diheftts?.

L Shall be amerced, Saving his Wainagc, 9 H. 3. C 14,

2. To be fvvorn of Inquetts for want of Freemen, St. Exon. 14 Edt.

3. The Lord Shall be preferred to any other Matter in retaining his Villein for a Servant, provided he does not retain more than arc necessary, 23 Ed. 3. C 1.

4. The Lord may allege Villeinage by way of Exception, or Seize his Villein, notwithftariding a Liberlate probanda depending, 2; Ed. 3, fl. 3. C i3.

3. Counterplea of the Exception of Conufance of Villeinage, 37 Ed. 3. C 17.

f. Commissions to inquire of rebellious Villeins, 1 R. 2. C 6.

7. The Lord shall not be barred of his Villein by his Answer in Law, 9 R. 2. C 2.

8. The king's Villeins in North Wales shall be obliged to do the same Services as before, 25 H. 6.

9. Exception of Villeinage, 3 H. 7. C 2. § 4.

(Hmcffar, (3fne0ar«'becr» anti cferjui'cc

d.

1. Every Tonne of VI "J /. s. negar imported for / defraying the Ex >010 pence of Coinage,)

pays -- -- -- -- -- -- - — J

2. And every Tonne of g Vinegar imported $

3. And if by English L

4. And if by Strangers 6 O

5. Every Earrel of Vinegar, or Liquor / prepared for Vine > 8 gar, that hath run \ through Rape, (Sc. J

6. And -- -- -- -- — -- -- -- o 4

7. And -- -- -- -- -- -- — — o 4

8. And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o 4

9.. And every Barrel of 1 Vinegar beer made ^ o o of Errhjb Materials j

jo. And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o o

11.. And o o

1 2. And -- -- -- -- -- -- - o 3

13. And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o 1

14. And -- -- -- -- -- -- -- o 1

15. And made of Eng 1 g

ujh or foreign Ma >

terials -- -- -- -- - j

16. And -- -- -- r — — — o o

o 18 Car. 2. C 5. § 6,

o 1 Ja. 2. C 3. § 2,

o 13 S 14 Car. 2. e. 11. §25. o 13 S 14 Car. 2. C 11. §25.

0 2w.sm.jef2. C 10. §2.

o 4 W.S M. C 3. § 2. o. 5 W. S M. C 7. § 27. o 5 W. & M. C 20. § 10.

6 12 Car. 2. C 23. § 6.

6 I 2 Car. 2. r. 24. § 20.

6 22 cj'23 Car. z. C 5. § r.

o zw.sm.fcff. C 10. §2. 6 5 ft. & M. C 7. § 27.

6 5 ss cf ir. zo. § 10.

o 10 S 11 W. 3. C 21. § 9,

4 4 r. 6. § 9.

9 8 Ad. C 7. § 1.

17. Drawback on the Exportation of Vinegar, 13 (if 14 Car. 2. C 11. § 2;,

jr. Penalties on concealing Vinegar from the Gauger, 7 (if 8 W. 3. r. 3c. § 16, Sc.

j9. Duties on Vinegar by former Acts taken off, and a new Duty imposed, 10 (if n W. 3. C 21. § 8, Sc.

20. What to be deemed Vinegar or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, 1 o S u. IV 3.. C 2 u § 11.

21. thirty-four Gallons to be deemed a Barrel of Vinegar, 10s I I W. 3. C 2]„§ 15.

22. Informations against vinegar maker for a false or Mifentry, Sc. to be laid within three Months, !2 (if 13 W. 3. C 11. 5 l7‘

23. Vinegar made for Pickles for Sale to pay Duties, Ann, C j.

§4?

24. Vinegar made by the manufactures of white Lead exempt from Duties, 8 Ann. C 7 § 5.

3

2;. Verjuice bought or made for Sale how chargeable with Duties, 7 (if 8 W. 3. C 30. § 28.

26. Every Hogshead of Verjuice to pay 5 d. 8 Ann. C 7. § 1.

27. Additional Duty of 87. prr Tonne on French Vinegar imported,

3 Geo. 3. C 12. And oij all other Vinegar imported, 4/. ptr Tonne,

For other Matters, see cuftottts, tfijtcifc, (Satlgitlg 2,

fljiittiterjs.

Inquiry in Eyre to be made of the Goodness and Measure of their Wines, Judic. pi/lor. 51 H. 3. fl, 6. § 2.

/iw off vr Matters, see 2J3lc, (ifc. cultieg,

(Hffito?.

1. The King to be Visitor of Colleges and other religious Foundations, that were exempt from the ordinary's Visitation, 2; H. 8. C 21. § 20.

z. Abbeys, (iff. that were exempt from Ordinary Visitation, to be subject to such Visitation as the King (hold appoint, 31 H. 8. f. 13. § 23.

3. Queen Mary empowered to make Statutes for the Collegiate Churches founded by King Henry VIII I Mar. fl. 3. e. 9.

4. The Crown to visit Mancbejler College, while the Wardenfhip is held by thebifhop of Chester, 2 Geo. z.c. 29.

(Hncuitomeu <0ooti£' See Customs and India Goods.

See Sheriff. dtufqjniltjf See Service and Sacraments.' dmon of c&urcljeg.

1. Poor Churches within a Mile of each other may be united, 37 H. 8. f. 21.

2. For the Union of Churches in Towns Corporate, 17 Car. 2, C 3.

3. Impropriators may give Tithes without Licence of Mortmain,

17 Car. 2. C 3. § 7.

4. Union of Churches in London, 22 Car. 2. e. 11. § 62.

5. Parishioners of the Parish united, to contribute to the Repairs, Southeast. 4 W. S M. C 12.

For other Matters, see jpojit,

(Union of cnjjiano anti ^cotiauu. See

Scotland.

(Hntefitfeg.

1. What Clerks redding there shall be dispensed with from residence, 28 H. 8. C 13.

2. Purveyors not to take Victuals within five Miles of the Universities,

2 S 3 P. S M. C 1;. 13 El. C 21.

3. Grants to the Universities, Sc. in Discharge of the Payment of Firstfruits and Tenths, confirmed, 1 FI. C 4. § 34.

4. The Franchises of the Universities confirmed, 13 El. C 29.

5. On College Leafcs a third Part of the Rent shall be reserved in Corn, 18 El. e. 6.

6. The Penalty for taking Reward for a Vote for a Scholarlhip, Sc. in any Church Collegiate, College, Sc. 31 El. C 6..

7. Where any Fellow, Sc. resigns for Reward, the Person fox whom it is given made incapnble, Sc. 31 El. C 6. § 3.

8. The Universities and Royal Colleges excepted out of ihe Statute of charitable Uses, 43 El. C 4. § 2.

9. The Presentation to Benefices belonging to Papitts given to the

two Universities, 13 "fa, 1. C 3. § 18, 19.. 1 W.S M. C 26. -

12 Ann. C 14,.

JO. Universities

djnitictfftfejgf*

(filacer oi Into.

(o. Universities may tile Bill in Equity to discover Trulls, I 2 Ann. Ji. 2. C 14. § 4.

11. Pending impcdit, a Rule may be made for examining Patron and Clerk, 12 Ann, ft. 2, 0, 14. § 5.

12. Incumbents of united Churches to be Graduates, 17 Car, 2. C 3. § 6.

13. Presentee to reside, I W. b Ml C 26. § 6.

14. Collegians refuting to take the Oaths, King may nominate Person to succeed, 1 Geo. 1, C 13. § 12,

15. Mandamus lies to admit king's Nominee, 1 Geo. 1, C 13.

§ 13/

16. vice-chancellor of Cambridge may aft as Jullice of the County without the landed Qualification, 7 Geo, 2. e. 10.

17. The Universities and Royal Colleges excepted out of the Mortmain Aft, 9 Geo. 2. C 36. $ 4.

18. Colleges polfelfed of more Advowfons than a Moiety of the Fellows, not to purchase more, 9 Geo. 2. C 36. § 3.

19. Players not to aft within five Miles of the Universities, io Geo. 2. C 19.

zo. Distillers selling Wine in Cambridge to take Licences, 10 Geo.

2. C 19. § 3.

21. Grants made by Papists of Ecclefiallical Livings veiled in the Universities, void, 11 Geo. 2. C 17. § 5.

22. Wine not to be retailed in the Universities without their Licence, 17 Geo, 2. C 40. § 11.

z3. Union of two Colleges in the University of St. Andrews, 20 ■ Geo. 2. C 32.

for other Matters, see Uldjoufcg 6. smtctts 8. Hldcct, Iftc. iz. upoors 8. 'ffijjcat) 7. Cfjan'tablc ffilfes 4. CC clcfiaglcal Courts be. Citcifc 16. jfat'rs 9. Jruft Jfrutts 23. iloufcs 6. 3luftices of peace 34. Ua tl)cr 23. £jj)ojtmam 18. sdatljs, parliament 69. post slice 9. ireffbence 3. Scotian, j*>crbicc, be. 5, 7, be. smldiers 13. ©bines 39.

ftlnrateti ^oouis

What the Drawback on unrated Goods exported, 2 b 3 Ann. C

• 9. § 9.

For other Matters, see hdjugs,

Gloucljer.

1, The Vouchee before Justices in Eyre ihallbe summoned for the third or fourth Day, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 26.

2, Counterplea given in Mortdanceftor, that the Tenant was the first that entered, St. Weftm. 1, 3 Ed, 1. C 40.

3. Not to be out of the Line, Ibid.

4. In a Writ of Right, that the Vouchee, be. had not Seisin since the Time of whose Seisin the Demandant counts, ibid.

5- Proceedings on foreign Voucher in London, 6 Ed. C 12. g Edi.

6. The Counterplea given by St, Weftm. 1. C 40. shall be received though the Vouchee be present, St. de foe, 20 Ed. 1. ft. 1.

7. Averment that the Vouchee is dead, or that there is no such Person, shall be received, 14 Edict. 1. C 18.

For other Matters, see isccobetp, dlamtltp,

j, Shall not make Beds and other Wares deceitfully, 11 H. 7. C

19. 5 sf 6 Ed. 6. C 23.

2. Beds Huffed with Flocks may be carried on board Ships for necessary Use, 12 Car, 2. C 32. § 11.

<hfe0 anti Crusts

1. Lands of which certain Traitors were seized to the Use of others, not forfeited, 11 R, 2, C 4, ZJ R, 2. C 3. 3 H, 4.

r, i. 7 H, 4. C 5, § 12,

2. An Afiife or other Action may be maintained againll the Pernor of the Profits, 1 R. 2. C 9. 4 H. 4. C 7. 1 j H. 61 C 3,

1 H. 7. C 1.

3. The Acts of Ceftuy que Use made good againll his .Feoffees,

I X 3. e. I. '

4. Estates of which the King was seized to Use, veiled in the Co feoffees, 1 S. 3. r. j,

5. The Heir of Ceftuy que Use within Age, shall be inward, be, 4 H. 7. r. 17.

6. Lands in Use made liable to the Encumbrances of Ceftwj que Use, 19 H. 7. C 1 j.

7. Uses transferred to legal Ellates, 27 H. 8. C 10.

8. Ceftuy que Use of Rent deemed in poltdlion, 27 H. 8, C 10.

§ 4. 5 "

g. No Estate of Freehold to arise by Bargain and Sale without inrolment, 27 H. 8. C 16.

10. Trulls shall be created and assigned by Writing, 29 Car. 2. C

3* § 7-

11. Lands shall be liable to the Encumbrances of Ceftuy que Tnft, and be Assets by Descent to his Heir, 29 Car. 7. C 3. § 10.

12. ufesoffir.es and Recoveries may be declared by Deeds executed afterwards, ^ Ann. C 16. § 13.

For other Mattel's, see licit, jotututcs, cttllff,

(Bfttrpatfoit. See Advowson and Quare imped! t.

Cifurp.

1. Shall not run againll any within Age,. St. Mert. 26 H, 3. C 3.

2. Prohibited to the Jews, St, de Judeftmo incerti temp. Vol. i,

p. j89.

3. Punished after the offender's Death, 15 Ed. 3. ft. 1, C 5.

4. Bargains by Name of dry Exchange, void, 3 H. 7. C 5.

5. The Penalty of Brokers of usurious Bargains, 3 H. 7, C 6. 13 El. C 8.

6. Usurious Contrasts punished with the Forfeiture of a Moiety,

II H. 7. C 8.

7. ' No Interell to be taken above ten percent, 37 H. 8. C 9. 13

El, C 8.

8. Brokers and Solicitors of Contrasts incur Rremunire, 33 El. C

8. § 4.

9. Usury againll 37 H, 8. C 9. punishable by Ecclefiallical Law, 13 El. C 8. § 9.

to. Usury generally prohibited, 3 b 6 Ed, 6. C 20. 13 El. r.

8. §3.

11. Punishable by the Ecclefiallical Law, 13 El, C 8. § 9.

12. Interell limited to eight percent. 21 Ja. 1. C 17. To six percent, 12 Car. 2. C 13. To five percent. 12 Ann, ft,. 2,

c. 16.

For other Matters, see 'sojoltcts, 3!bfaitts 2,

See Outlawry.

(shagcr of lain.

1. Shall not be required without Witness, M. C 9 H. 3. e. 28*

2. For the Plaintiff fe nihil recepfti, be. St. Wall. 12 Ed. u in

Appendix

3. Shall be admitted in London notwithstanding the plaintiff's Papers, 38 Ed. ft. 1. e. 5.

4. Granted in Trel'pass, for Trespasses committed by Compulsion in, an Insurrection, 6 R, 2. ft. 2, C 5,

5. Where the Plaintiff fuggetls an Account taken, the Jullices

% z may

©tfnlctf

umt0,

may examine him or his Attorney, and admit the Defendant to his Law, 5 H. 4. C 8.

6. Trials in Wales to be by Wager of Law or Verdict of six Men,

34y 35 H. 8. C j. § 74..

Sllnpcs.

Those relating to the Public prohibited, 7 Ann. C 16.

For other Matters, see ilsjouers 14. 3tlfurancc 16.

See Brandy, Drapery, Labourers, Manufactures, Painters, Parliament, Seamen, Tailors, Wool.

eelaftpn# anti n; £cmei% See Carts.

ftuni'nfcot.

To what Duties liable on Importation, 2 w..if M. fejf. z,. e. 4.

§ 8..

!, The King is sovereign Lord, and iliall do Right in Default of the Lords, St. Weflm. t. 3 Ed. 1. C 17.

2. Un ted to England. St. Wall, 1 2 Edi.

3. Directions for Execution of the Office of Sheriff, Coroner, ifc, in Wales, St. Wall. 12 Ed. 1. in Appendix.

4„ They shall be intendent to the Justices of Chester, and answer in the Exchequer there, 12 Ed. 1.

5. The Lords of the Marches shall be attendant to the Crown of England, 28 Ed. 3. C 1.

6. Welfmnen disabled from purchasing Lands in the next'englijh Counties, 2 II 4^ r. 12. And to find Surety for their good Behaviour, ibid.

7. If the Wests do not restore Distresses taken in England upon re quell, Reorifals to be made, 2 H. 4. C 16.

8. No Enghjhman to be convict at the Suit of a Weljhman in Wales but by an English Jury, 2 H; 4. C iq. 4 H. 4. C 26.

9. Minilrels and Vagabonds prohibited in Wales, 4 A. 4. C 27.

10. Weljhmen not to go armed, 4 H. 4. C 29. 26 H. 8. C 6.

§4*..

11. Victual and Armour shall not be carried into Wales, 4 H. 4.

C 30.-

12.. Weljhmen not to be officers in Wales, 4 II 4. e. 32.

13.. For Felonies in South Wales, the Countries where the Felons were bom shall make Satisfaction, unless they apprehend them, 9 H. 4. C 3.

14. Felons in Wales shall answer to Indiftments where they are taken, and not disclaim in the Seignory, 9 H. 4. C 4.

t5,, The Lords in Wales fnall be commanded to take and execute those that are outlawed for Felonies in England, 2 H„ Jl. 2.

16,. Taking Englishmen or their Goods, and carrying them into IF ales madetreafon, 20 H. 6.^.3. zy h. 6. C 4. Extended to the Duchy of Lancaster, 28 H. 6. C 4.

-17.- thexenalty of importing Goods into Wales, and then into England, without paying Custom, 20 H. it. C 7.

18. ifeljhmen.outlawed for Felony or Treason, and flying to he refordshire, shall be pursued with Hue and Cry, 23 H. 6. C 4.

19. Grants of Fairs, and Licences to bake and brew in North Wales, repealed, 25 H. 6.

20. For the drift Custody of Jurors in Wales, 26 H. 8. C 4.

L The Penalty of Ferrymen transporting Offenders over the Severn, 26 H. sc. 5.

22. Felonies committed in Wales shall be tried in the next engejh County, 26H.S..C.6.. 34(5' 35 H, 8., C 26. .§ 85.

23. Rdlriftions of the Government of the Lords Marchers, 26 H. 8. c■ 6. § 2.

24. Weljhmen not to bring arms to Court,. 26 H. 8. C 6. § 4.

25. Batteries committed by Weljhmen in Glouctflerjhlre, Hereford,, and Salop, puniflred by a year's Imprisonment, 26 H. 8. C 11.

26. Dircftions for the ordering of Clerks convict in Wales, 26 H. 8. C 12.

27. For the appointing Justices of Peace in Wales and Chefer, 27 H. 8. r. 4.

28. Appointment of Justices of Peace in Wales and Chester, 27 //.

29. Exactions in the Forests in Wales prohibited, 27 H. 8. C 7.

30. Weljhmen might enjoy estates transferred to them by the Statute of Uses, 27 H. 8. C 10. § 18.

31. The Laws and Liberties of England granted to the People of

Wales, 2yh.s c.26. 34ft? 35 H. 8. C 26. § 91,

32. The Lordlhips Marchers divided into Counties, z7 H. S. C

26. § 3, idle. 28 F. 8, r. 3. 33/f. 8. C 13.

33. The County of Monmouth dissevered from Walts, 27 II 8. C 26. § 4.

34. A President and Council eftabikhed in Wales like those in the

North, 32 H. 8. C 50. 34 iff 35 H. 8. C 26. § 4. Taken

away, 1 W. if M. C 27. gif 10 W. 3. C 16.

35. The Counties of Wales ascertained, 34 if 3; H. 8. C 26. ' 21 fa. 1. C to.

36. The Conllitution of the Courts of Justice in Wales, 34 If 35 H. C 26.

37. Sufpefted Persons where to give Bail, 34 If 3 j H. 8. C 26,

§ 81.

38. What Members of Parliament shall be sent for the Shires and Boroughs in Wales, 34 if 35 H. 8. C 26. § no.

39. Execution of Judgement in inferior Court shall not be stayed by Writ of false Judgement, 34 y 35 H. 8. C 26. § 114.

40. Their Election and the Payment of their Wages, 35 H. 8. C 11:

41. The Courts at Wefniinfler may award Process of Outlawry into Wales and Chester, 1 Ed. 6. C 10.

42. The Sheriffs of Wales and Chester shall appoint Deputies in the king's Bench and Common Pleas, 1 Ed. 6. C 10. § 3.

43. Tithe of Marriage Goods in Wales taken away, 2^3 Ed. 6, C 13. § 16.

44. The Liberties of the Lords Marchers confirmed, 1 if 2 P. if M. C 15.

45. The Statutes of Tales de Circumflantibus extended to Wales and. the Counties Palatine, 5 EL C 25.

46. Directions for returning Issues upon Jurors in Wales, 5 El. C 25. § 3.

47. The Bible and Common Prayer to be tranilated into Welch,

5 El: C 28.

48. Offences committed in Merionethjhire not to be tried in an glefca, 8 EL C 20.

49. The Crown anthorifed to appoint two or more Justices of af fife in the several Circuits in Wales, 18 EL C 8.

50. For the Inrolment of Fines and Recoveries in Wales, 27 El. c.q.

51. The king's Power of changing the Laws in Wales repealed,

zi fa, 1. C 10.

52. The Common Prayer in Welsh and in English to be kept in the Churches in Wales, I 3 if 14 Car, 2. C § 27.

53. Court of President and Council in the mar(hes of Wales Taken away, 1 W. if m.fl. 1. C 27. §2.

54. The Manner of appointing Sheriffs in Wales, 1 W. if MC.

27. § 3. 3 Geo. I. C 15. § 20 if 22.

55. Errors in Pleas personal to be redressed in the same Manner as in Pleas real, 1 W. if M. C 27. § 4,

56. The King may appoint any Number of Justices of peace in Wales, 5 W. if M. C 4.

57. Inhabitants of Wales empowered to bequeath their personal Estates, yif 8w. 3. C 38.

58. The Statute 22.if 23 Car. 2. C 9. .§ 136. extended to Wales and the Counties Palatine, 11 if 12 W. 3. C 9.

to. Sheriffs in Wales and the Counties Palatine shall not hold to

Bail

m at.

©hatrattw*

(ghatrantp..

Bail on Piocefs from Westminster, unless the Debt be sworn to be 20 /. 11 (A 12 W. 3. C 9. § 2.

60. Judgments iigned in the Courts of Great Sessions to be dock etted, 8 Geo. 1. C 25. §6.

61. And to be good againll: Purchasers only from the Time they are signed, ibid.

6z. In personal Aflions under to., in the Courts of Great Sessions, the Defendant to be served with a Copy of the Writ, and if he does not appear Plaintiff may enter his Appearance, 6 Geo. 2. C 14.

63. Wales and Berwick included in England in Acts of Parliament, 20 Geo..2. C 42. § 3.

For Other Matters, see <jfmcnthuent 3. 9.

nice 44. 6. Cattle % Cuttoms 31. Cjccom=

mumcatton 7. Fcc;; isctns 3. Wittes 28. 31u= ties 3;. iwatijcr 24. Liberties, iftj)ojtuarics 4. ar iiament 24, (Ac. ircnt 2. ireplcbin 9. Service, (Ac. 16, s>ctoet6 6, (Ac. Jafljcriffs 60, Ac. Cities 18. 'crial.

mmn (aofcn.)

His Right to certain Ground in and near drury-lane and the Strand how saved, 12 Ann. ft. 1. C 17. § 5.

See Buildings, Fire.

(ghalfittgfiam*

Lands of the Abbey of Walftngham how grantable by Copy of Court Roll, 35 H. 8. C 13.

See Hundreds,

snapping;.

The Division of Waging Marsh, 35 H. 8. C 9.

For other Matters, see ctjutcijts, jpjtibtlcged jjftaccfj.

chai.

I,. merchants.in Time of War shall be safe.. ours are safe in the enemy's Country, M. C g.h. 3. C 30.

2. None shall be charged to arm themselves, otherwise than as usual;; to go out of their County, except in Cases of sudden Necessity, 1 Ed. 3.9?. 2. C 4 H. 4. C 13,

3. Wages shall be allowed to the Conductors of Soldiers, 1 Ed. 3.

ftc. ‘

4. None shall be bound by Writing to come to the King with Arms, 1 Ed. ft'. 2. C 15.

3. Soldiers shall have Wages from the Day that they go out of their Counties, i3 Ed. 3./?. 2. C 7. 4 H. 4. C 13.

6. Covenants of Persons retained in the king's Service to be sent into the Exxhequer, 5 R. 2. ft. 1. C 11.

7. The Duty of those who have Lands or Pensions for Military

Service, 4 H., ^. C 13. And of Officers, n h..y. CI 19

II 7. C 1.

8. The Custody of Castles, (Ac. taken from those who had them by Patent, 2 C 3 Ed. 6. C 16.

9. The French ordered to depart the Realm, and the Queen im powered to revoke their Patents of Denization, 4 £3'3 P. (A M. £. 6.

For other Matters, see Meinour, isjolbierg,

eteiifiji'p*

1. By knight's Service regulated, M. C 9 H. 3. C 3.

X Guardians shall net make Wale, M. C 9 H. 3. C 4 (A 3. st.weftm. 1. 3 Ed. r. C 21.

3, Wards shall be married without Disparagement, M. C 9 H:

3. r. 6.

4. The Penalties of Ravishment of Ward, St. Mert. 20 II 3.

C 6. St. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 22. 13 Ed. 1. C 35.

5. Wards shall not be compelled to marry, St. Mert. 20 H. 3..

7-

6. In the Plea of Communi custodia, if the Defendant does not appear after three Proclamations, the Plaintiff shall recover Seisin by Default, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 7.

7. Guardians in Socage shall donowafle, and shall account, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3. C 17.

8. The Ward shall have an Assise where the Guardian infeoffs another, S'. Weftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 48;

9. Shall have f>uod ti deforccat when the Guardian loses by Default, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. ic. 4.

10. Wardship shall go according to Priority of Feoffment, St Weftm. 2. 13 Edi. C 16.

11. There shall be a Re summons in a Writ of Right of Ward, between Heirs and Executors, St. Weftm. 2'. 13 Ed. 1. C 33.

■ 12. Judgement by default after proclamations, given in a Writ of of Right of Ward, and in Ejeflment of Ward, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 33.

13. (f Lands in Socage defeend on the Part of the Mother, the Wardship belongs to the nearest on the Part of the Father, St. de Ward. IF Relent. 28 Edi. ft. I.

14. Efcheators shall make no Waste in the Lands of the king's Wards, and the nearest Relations shall have the Lease, 14 Ed. 2. ft. 1. r. 13.

15. The Court of Wards erected, 32 H. 8. C 46. 33 H, 8.

C 22.

16. The Penalty of a Woman Child consenting to a Ravishment, 4 (A s P. IF M. C 8. § 6.

17. The Children of Recusants shall be under the Ward of the next of Kin, (Ac. 3 Ja. t. C 5. § 23.

18. The Father may dispose of the Wardship of his Child by Will, (Ac. iz Car. 2. f. 24. § 8.

For other Matters, see tiftlcltdfnn Semites.

ghattant#

1. Not to be delivered by Sheriffs before they have'received the Writ, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 53.

2. The Day of filing out a Writ shall be inderfed on the War rant, 6 Geo. 1. C 21. § 54.

3. To be endorsed by the Attorneys 2 Geo. 2. C 23. § 22.

4. By the Sheriff, 12 Geo. 2. r.13. § 4.

3. Process not to be avoided for Default of indorfing the Warrant, 12 Geo. 2. C 13. § 4.

For other Matters, see 12, (Ac. +jtto?flic0 37. /5>l)cr i

tiff 45, (Ac. -

(esiartant# of attoitiep.*

I. Stealing Warrants of Attorney whereby a Judgement shall be reversed, .made Felony, 8 H. 6. C 12. § 3.

2. Warrants of Attorney shall be recorded thefameterm that the • Exigend issues, 18 H. 6. C 9.

3. Shall be filed the same Term that the Issue is joined or before,

32 H. 8. C 30. § 2. 18 El. C 4. § 3.

4. thefameterm of the Declaration and Appearance, .4 Ann. C .i6. § 3..

For other Matters, fee -

fflfttrrantp;

1. What Warrantry. shall be wrought by the words dediet con -- cejji, St. de Big. 4 Ed. \. ft. 3. C 6.

2. Warranty of the Father without Assets shall not bar the Heir claiming the Inheritance of his Mother, St. Gfouc. .6 Ed. 1. C 3-.

3. Particular Tenants who have loft' their Land by Default may vouch the Reversioner, St. Weftm, 2, 13 Ed. 1. C 4.

4, The

chasse

rantetmien.

raeacjs.

4, The Vouchee Shall lose the Land for denying the Warranty wrongfully, St. Weflm. 2. 13 Ed. r. C 6.

3 Warranty of an Ancestor not seized of the Inheritance, void, 4 Ann. C 16. § 21,

For other Matters, see ^uotlcljct.

©lltu'heii Cf tljc Beet. See Escape and Fleet Prison.

otstc. See Lee River.

c2iiu‘tcn& See Game and Parks.

raaffc.

1. Shall not be committed in Lands of Wards, or of vacant Churches, M. C 9 H, 3. C 5. St. Wejhn. 1. 3 Ed. 1. C 21. St. Clone, 6 Ed. 1. C 5. Art. super. Chart. 28ed. I. e. 18.

2. In Forests not to be without Licence, C de F. 9 //, I ft. 2. e. 4.

3. Farmers Shall not commit Waste, St. Marleb. 52 H. 3, C 23.

§ 2.

4. Triple Damages and Forfeiture of the Place wafted given against Tenants for Life or Years, or Dower, St. Glouc. 6 Ed.

ir?.?.

No Waste Shall be made pending a Suit, St. Glouc. 6 Ed. 1. r. 13.

6. The Writ of Prohibition of Waste taken away, St. Weftm. 2. 13 Ed. 1. C 14.

7. Judgement given in Waste by Default Shall be executed by the Sheriff, ibid.

8. May be maintained by one Tenant in common against another, St. Wefttn. 2, 13 Edi. C 22.

9. If an Heir shall have Remedy for Waste done in the Time of his Anceltor, St. de Fast. 20 Ed. 1. ft. 2,

10. May be maintained against a Tenant, who has granted over his Estate, and takes the Profits, 11 H. 6. C 5.

For other Matters, see costs, cefttcpenicilt,

See Enclosures.

raatcfj anti

r. Shall be kept in the Country, St. Wint. 13 Edict. C 1.

2. The Gates of Towns Shall be closed in the Night, St. Wint. 13 Ed. 1. ft. 2. C 4.

3. The Watch in Towns, C may arrest Strangers on Suspicion,

St. Winton, 13 Ed. 1. ft. 2, C 4. 5 Ed. 3. C 14.

4. For the Watch in London, see Slat. CIV Land. 13 Ed. 1. ft, 3.

5. Justices of Peace Shall have Power to punish the Offenders, 2

Ed. 3. C 6. •

6. Commissions to apprehend Malefadlors and suspected Persons, 10 Ed. 2,. ft. 2. C 3. Art. 1, Iftc.

7- Petty Watch kept on the Coatls, 46 Ed. 3.

S. Watch Shall be kept on the Coasts as formerly, 5 H. 4. r. 3.

9. Persons aggrieved by Assessments for Watch and Ward, may appeal to the Mayor, ts'e. 11 Geo. j. C 18. § 13.

For other Matters, see SUC ant) ctp, pairing,

dans,

sbatcfjcjs. See Clocks, aaatcfjett. See Harbours.

hsiatxl*. See London.

cater Miss.

Mult be one of the Wardens of the Filhermens Company, 9 Ann. C 26.

raateemen.

1. The Fares of London Watermen limited, 6 11. 8. C 7.

2. Regulations of the Watermen upon the Thamts, 2 & ^p.lf

M. C 16. • •

3. Penalty on Watermen absconding in the Press by Commission for the king's Sea Service, 2 & 3 P. & M. C 16.

4. Mariners licensed by the Trinity house may ply as Watermen upon the Thames, 8 El. C 13. § 5.

5. What Apprentices Watermen may take, 1 Ja. 1. e. 16. 4

Ann. C 13. § I. 2 Geo, 2. C 26.

6. For the Government of the Watermen and Lightermens Company, 11 Lf 12 W. 3. <-. 21. 3 Geo. 2. C 26. § 5.

7. Rules for stationing Ferries on Sundays, 11 IF 12 W. 2. C 21.

§ '3-

8. Court of Aldermen may amend the Bylaws of the Watermens Company, 4 Ann. C 13. § 2.

9. Watermen summoned by the Rulers of the Company, to serve on Board the Fleet, and not appearing, to be disabled, cifr. 4 Ann. C 19. § I 8.

10. Watermen not to take Apprentices, without registering their

Habitation, 2 Geo, 2. C 26. 10 Geo. 2. C 31. § 5.

11. Owners of Keys may use their Craft, z Geo. z.'c. 26. § 8-

12. King ft on Ferry Boats, CV exempted from the Rule of the Watermens Company, 4 Geo. 2. C 24.

13. Not to take Apprentices under 14 Years of Age, iogeo.it. C 31.

14. Number of Passengers limited, 10 Geo. 2. C 31. § 8.

15. Ifthey exceed the i.umber, and any Passenger be drowned. Felony, 10 Geo. 2. C 31. § 8.

16. A Tide Bell to be rung at Gravefendand Billingsgate, 10 Geo, 2. C 31 ^ 12.

For other Matters, see coals 41. 20. CIV

men 27.

. raater=foo$£.

waterworks how taxable in Towns, see the several Towns.

raal'cfjanniet'g.

1. The Price of their Wares limited, 11 H. 6, C 12.

2. Wax Shall be truly wrought and marked, 23 EL C 8.

3. Penalty of mixing Rosin with Wax, 23 el.c. 8.

4. Penalty of 3/. or Pillory on counterfeiting Marks, 23 El. e. 8,

§ 6.

5. Wax imported to what Duty liable, 4 W, & M. C 3. § 2.

raapg. See Highways.

raeats.

1. Shall be put down, M. C 9 H. 3. C 23. 23 Ed. 3. ft. 4. C 4.

43 Ed. 3. C 2. 21 R. 2. C 19. 1 H. 4. C iz. 1 H. 5. C 2.

2. Commissions Shall be awarded to keep the Waters and great

Rivers, and to correct Defaults, 1 H. 4. C 1 2. 4 H. 4. C 11.

3. To putdown Wears in the Thames out of the Liberties of loo don, 2 H. 6. e. 9. In Southampton Harbour, 11 H. 7. C 3. 14 IS 15 H. 8. C 13.

4. The Penalty of not reforming Wears, 12 Ed. 4. e. 7.

5. Shall not be erected along the Coaftor near a Harbour, 3 Ja,

I. C 12.

6. The new Wear on the Exe near Exeter Shall be continued, 7 Ja. 1. r. 19.

7. Regulations of Wears upon the Thames, 6 & 1 IF. 3. C 16.

8. Owners of ancient Wears may repair them, 1 Geo. ic. 18. § 18.

For other Matters, see ftlh), djailic, jj'iellxaftlc 4.

nets,

ractiftcl*. See Rivers.

Sitcatm'g.

Wei'sfjts anti ^eafufejj.' Westmtafter.

szidaletf.

Weaves.

z. Regulations of the Trade of Woollen weaving, 2 y 3 P, ft M. C 11.

2. Repeal of a Clause prohibiting Weavers out of Corporate Towns to take Apprentices, 5 W. ft M. C g.

For other Hitters, see 3d$apcrp, isi>cotlailb, (silool, cfltoollcn ^anufarutc,

Weigljts! ana Measures.

t. There shall be bnt one Measure and Weight throughout the Realm, M. C 9 H. 3. C 23. 14 Ed. y?. j. C 12. 25 Eel,

tf.jl. 5. C 1 o. 27 Ed. ft. 2. C 10. 13 R. 2. ft. 1. C 9.

15 A'. 2. C 4. 1 H. 5. C 10. 8 H. 6. C 5. u H. 7, C 4.

16 Car. 1. C 19. 22 Car. 2. C 8.

2. Except in Lancashire, 13 R. 2. ft. 1, C 9.

3. The Affifeof ancient Weights, aftij'a Pan. ftc. 51 H. 3.7?. 1. Cotnpof. de Ponder. 31 Ed. 1.

4. Examination of Weights to be made, Judic. Pillar, 51 Id. 3. ft. 6.

5. Standards of Measures shall be fern in Brass to the Counties,

14. Ed. 3. ft, 1. C 12. 34 Ed. 3. C 6. AA 7.0. 4.

6. A Sack of Wool to weigh 26 Stone, each Stone 14 Pound,

14 Ed. 3. ft. ic. 21. 13 A. 2. ft. 1. C 9,

7. Commifiions for effaying Weights and Measures prohibited, 18 Ed. ft. 2. C 4.

£. Aunfel Weight put out, 25 Ed. ft. 5. C 9. 27 Ed. 3. yi.

2. C 10. 34 Ed. 3. C 5.

9. Balances and Weights for Wool to be sent to the Sheriffs, 31 Ed. ft. 1. C 2.

10. Every Town to have a common Balance, 8 H. 6. C 5. 11

H. 6. r. 8.

H. And to have Standards of Weights and Measures, 7 H. 7.

r. 4. 11a/. 7. C 4. 12 A. 7. 0.5.

12. Penalty of Pillory, £sfc. on Offenders, 11 AA 7. C 4.

13. Who shall seal Measures, where there is no Clerk of the Market, 22d£f 23 Car. 2. C 12. §4.

14. Weights and Measures to be maiked, 31 Geo. 2. C 17. § 9. For other Matters, see hoccv, ftc. icjnffcts 3. 115?cab,

ocuttcr, ftc Cables 5. Clcvfe of tl)z Market 4. Coals, Coopers 2. Cojtr 2do?cl)caerj Cpeifc 4. tfifl), Jfruit 3. (Causing 6, 7. (Colb, lijtgbbjaps 46. i^oncp, lu fticcsof $ >cacc 5. juatbtr, gaol- -- jbeot* lanb, s>opc, iskatcl?, lieou 3. thiucgar, ffillinec,

Wellington in Herefordshire.

Its Meadow and Patture how provided for, 4 Ja. 1. C 11.

Welcf) cottoll See Cotton.

Wells? in Somersetjhire.

j, Gifts of Parsonages impropriate belonging to the Archdeacon of Wells made effectual, 1 EL C 4. § 36.

2. The Archdeaconry charged with Firstfruits and Tenths, 1 El. C 4. § 37..

cbmttu'nffcc (Statute.) The First, 3 Ed. 1. The Second, 13 Ed. i.ji. 1..

The Third, 18 Ed. i.jl. 1. tffleflmfoffec (City.)

For repairing Westminster Abbey, see cijuvcijefl,

I. Rules for Government of the 12 Wards in Westminster, 27 El. Printed in 1713.

2. The Inhabitants of Westminster excused from serving on Juries for Middlesex, 7 (ft 8 W. 3. C 32. § 9.

3. A new Place appointed for Westminster Market, 23 Geo. 2,

14-

4. For building a Square in draw's Yard, 28 Geo.?. C 54.

5. Eighty Conllables to be appointed yearly in Westminster, 29 Geo. 2. C 23.

6. Penalties on Persons refusing the Office of Leet Jurymen or Conllables in Westminster, 29" Geo. 2. C 23. § ft 3.

7. High Conilable not to be continued longer than three Years, 29 Geo. 2. C 25. $ 9.

8. Persons may at as Commissioners of the land-tax in west minjlcr, who have Leasehold Estates of 20/. per Annum, 29 geo. 2. C 26. § 4..

9. The Way from Charing Crofts to the Houses of Parliament ter be widened, 29 Geo. 2. C 38.

10. For enabling the Dean and Chapter of Westminster to grant a long Lease, 29 Geo. 2. C 62.

11. For rebuilding the Terrace and watergate at York Buildings„

29 Geo. 2. C 90.

12. For widening the Street from Cockspur Street to Spring Garden,

30 Geo. 2. C 34.

For building Westminster Bridge, see 'isltbgcs.

For other Matters, see 3jtto?ntcs 47. ©0: 1144. ldcbt, ftc.

10. 77. lljap z. juries 45- jlonbou, Jaimes?

3. pairing 17, ftc. ic00} 17.

Weftmonp anti 3!fe?antk

Filling Vessels not to proceed thither till the 10th of March, 13 Car. 2. C 16.

West eltu'llff lit g'cjhftjfecr See York.

ot)a!e$s wljale^cme, an

'Blubber

1. The king's Prerogative in Whales, 17 Ed. 2 ft, I. C 11,

2. Whale Fins, Bones, Oil, or Blubber, where to pay double" Aliens Cullom, 12 Car. 2. C 18. § 5.

3. A Duty on Whale Fins, 9 ft 10 W. 3. C 45.- 10 ft 11 W,.

3. C 21. § 31. 9 Ann. C 21. § 1.

4. Plantation Whale Sins to pay as Greenland, roy u W. 3, C 2 1. $ 31.

3. Whale Fins, ftc, imported by the Greenland Company not" charged, 10 ft 11 ZAY3. 2s h '7 5 Geo. 2. C 28- § X

6. Foreign cut Whale Bone prohibited, 90 10 W. 3. C 23. 3 1 z, -4 Ann. C 12. § 6..

7. Penalty on Matters of Ships importing foreign cut whalebone,

4 Ann. C 12. § 6.

8. Encouragement of the Whale Fishery in the Gulf, (Ac. of St. Laurance, and on the Coasts in America, 4 Geo,. 3. C 29.-

For other Matters, see (Cjcenlatlb,

Wljatfg. See Customs, London, Watermen.

^clt. See Watermens

wljfppftur* .See Ale, C Brandy, Clergy, Corn, Stores, Trespass, Vagrants, wool

pot See Harbours, -

cshfjite (Sir Thomas.):

The President and Scholars of St. Johns College in Oxford, how to demise the Manor of Fifield to every Heir Male of Sir Thomas'

'White, 18 El. C 11. § 5, 6, -

sivf.tt

©tlfoofo#

sanu^

mm anjcsf.

1. Persons conveying White Ashes beyond Sea, what to forfeit, 2^3 Ed. 6. C 26.

2. Pearl Allies may be imported from Germany, to & u W. 3.

T. 21. § 30.

'cftlljltc'satf. See Churches.

otjtte See Herrings.

Mljfte (It 2t>ctl0lt. See Drapery.

mm qxdloolicn (elotfo. See Drapery. gilltfou)0.

1. Shall have their Marriage, Inheritance, Dower, and quaren tine, M. C 9 H. 3. C 7.

2. Shall find Surety not to marry without Licence, M. C qh. 3.

C 7.

3. May bequeath the Crop of their Ground, 20'h. 3. e.

4. Shall be endowed in Wales, St. Wall. 12 Ed. 1.

5. Alienation and Bifcontinuance of their Jointures prohibited,

11 II 7. r. zo.

6. Widows of Peers married to Commoners, may qualify Chaplains, 21 H. 8. C 13. § 33.

For other Matters, see jdolbcr, cmblcmciltg, ^ottlturcs,

j£>camen 44.

02ildoul0 Of Cfjairttteit See Coaches. solbotdjs Of @)cjttttclt See Seamen.

mtidtijinffton (lou William.)

'Howrelieved, 7 Geo. \. ft. 1. C 22. §, 17. 9 Geo. 1. C 19. § 3.

Mfife. See Baron and Feme.

. mim (Be ofo

•I. None shall take more Farms than one in the ijie of Wight, exceeding tiie Value of ten Marks, 4 H. 7. C 16.

?„ Corn, C permitted to be exported from the Isle of Wight, 8 Anne. II

Mian jfofui*

■n. The taking of Pheasants and Partridges with Nets on the Ground of another prohibited, 11 h.y.c. 17.

2. Taking the Eggs of Falcons and Swans prohibited, 11 H. 7. C 17.

3. The taking of young Herons prohibited, 19 h.y.c. 11.

4. Killing Wildfowl in June and July prohibited, 25 H. 8. C II Repealed, 3 & 4 Ed. 6. C y.

^5. Taking their Eggs prohibited, 25 H. 8. C 11, § 3. 3 & 4

Ed. 6. C y. § 2.

6. Buying and selling Pheasants and Partridges (except by the Officers of the Houlhold) prohibited, 32 H. 8. C 8.

7. Taking the Eggs or Birds of Hawks, made Felony, 32 H. 8. C II

8. The taking Ducks, iftc. between 1 July and 1 September prohibited, 9 Ann. C 2;. § 4.

9. The Time enlarged to between 1 June and 1 obober, jo Geo. 2. C 32. § 10.

For other Matter;, see ©ililtc.

ami.

Wills of Land, their Validity, 27 H. 8. C to. § u.

mint.

2. Persons seized, iftc. enabled to devise their Lands, 32 H. 8.

C t. 34 Esf 35 II 8. C 5. '

3. Devises of Land mud be in Writing, and attested by three witneftes, 29 Car. 2. C 3. 5 ?•

4. Estates fur Auter vie dey fable, 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 12.

5. Nuncupative Wills where the Estate amounts to 30/. mud be attested by three witneftes, and made in the tedator's lad Sickness, fsv. 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 19.

6. How Wills are to be revoked, 29 Car, 2. C 3. § 6, 22.

7. Soldiers and Mariners may difpofeof their Edates as before the at, 29 Car. 2. C 3. § 23.

8. Devise of Land fraudulent againd Creditors, 3 W. M. C 14.

9. Devises for Payment of just Debts, or Childrens Portions in Pursuance of Marriage Contract good, 3 W. IBM. C 14. § 4.

10. Inhabitants of the Province of York may bequeath their effects notwithstanding the Cudom, 4 w.ia M. C 2. Of the City of York, 2 & 3 Ann, C 5.

11. Inhabitants of Wales may bequeath their personal Edates, 7

13 % w, 3. 38.

12. witneftes competent at Law are competent to prove a Nuncupative Will, 4 Ann. C 16. §14.

13. Creditors, C made competent witneftes to Wills, 25 Geo. 2. C 6.

For other Matters, see 3tbnu'nt(iratoj, ©cclcffafttcal Courts, 13 C 33. ©mblements, ©jtecuto?, ^rrauus, ©uarbiau 2. !£eir, ilife Cftatcs 3. 3lont>oit48. jse= gifter 15. &camcn 16. fluacatiort 2. sufcs, stales, caiitoixis 3.

Hilt See Drapery and Ftfh.

ffibi'itcijelfea.

The Hundred of Winchelfea, where to be deemed as two diftinet Hundreds, 9 13 10 W. 3. C 40. §11,

solllcfjeftet'statute, Ed. i.jl. 2. jr.

C 6.

tbhin&ofo ufo&w. See Houses.

miner

1. The old Adife of Wine, Judic. Pillor. 51 H. y, .ft. 6. § 2. Ord. pro. piftor. incerti temp. C 5. Vol. I. 186.

2. Mayor, 13c. of London to present Wine sold againd the af size, 6 Ed. [. r. 15.

3. Wines shall be sold reasonably, and shall be eftayed twice in the Year, tfed.n,. C 12.

4. Forcdailing Gafcoin Wines, Felony, 27 Ed. 3. ft. 1. C 5. Repealed, 37 ed.y,. e. 16.

5. No Gafcoin Wine shall be bought but in the Ports, 27 Ed. 3,

ft. 1 • C 7. 38 Edo,. ft. 1. C 10. ^2 Ed. 3. C 8.

6. Importation of Wine may be regulated by the King, 38 Edict

1. e. 11.

7. Englishmen, not Artificers, may buy Wines in Gascony, 43 Ed. 3. C 2.

8. The Prices of Wines limited, 5 R. 2, ft. 1. C 4. 6 R. 2. C 7.

24 H. 8. C 6. 7 Ed. 6. C 5.

9. Retailing of Sweet Wine and Claret prohibited, 5 R. 2. ft. 1.

tr 5. ■ ...

10. New fmpofitions by the king's Officers in Guienne prohibited, 23 H, 6. C y.

11. The Meafureand Cudom of Malmfey, 7 FI. 7. C 8.

12. French Wine not to be imported between Michaelmas and

Candlemas, tju. 8. C 7.

13. The Prices of Wines to be affiefted by the King's great Officers, 23 H. 8. C 7. 28 H. 8. C 14. 34 13 35 H. 8. C 7,

37 H. 8. C 23. § 2, 3.

14. Persons(

(

cftfttt*

»otl

14. Persons reflraine<l from keeping Wine in their Houses, 7 Ed. 6. C 5. z.

15. The Number of Taverns restrained, 7 Ed. 6. C 5. § 3.

16. Selling Wine to be drank in the seller's House prohibited, 7

• Ed. 6. C 5. § 4;

17. The Pi ice of Wines by Retail to be limited by Proclamation, 5 EL C 5. § 25.

18. Wine not to be retailed without Licence, 12 Car. 2. r. 25.

19. The'penalties of retailing mixed' Wine, 12 Car. 2. C 25. § 11.

20. The Prices of Wines to to be limited by the Lord Chancellor, (Ac. 12 Car. 2. C 25. § 13.

21. Duty on Wine, (Ac. imported, 18 Car. 2. C 5. § 6. Continued, 1 Geo. 3. C 16.

22. An Impofl: upon Wine, 20 Car. 2. C 1. 22 Car. 2. C 3.

30 Car. 2. C 2.

23. The Profits of the Wine Licences revefied in the Crown, and an Equivalent granted to the Duke of York, 22 (A 23 Car. 2. C 6*

24. A Duty of 8/. per Tonne upon French Wine, and 12/. upon other Wine, 1 fa. 2, C 3.

25. Made perpetual by 9 Ann. C 21. (A 3 Geo. i. C 9. and Part of the south-sea Fund.

26. Retailers to sell Wine only in Pewter Measures, 1 IV (A M.

- C 34..§ 19. 2 W.IA m.jl. 2.. 14. §. 3.

27. Penalty of adulterating Wine, 1 W, & M. C 30.

28. Wines of Hungary may be imported from Hamburg as Rhe

nijh Wine, 1 ann.ji. 1. C 12. § 112. • • - •

29. Contents of the Gallon of Wine, £ Ann', C 27. § 17.

30. Importation of French Wine permitted, 9 Ann. C 8.

31. The Allowance on damaged Wines regulated, 6geo. 1. C 12.

§ *•

32. The Times for exporting Wines enlarged, 6 Geo. 1. C 12.

§5.

33. Not to diminish the Duties of Prifage and Butlerage, 6 Goo. 1. C r.

33'. No Allowance for Freight of Wine, unless hipped in Cask from its.placeof Growth, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. § 19.

35. Allowance for Wines Branded, 8 Geo. 1. C 18. §20. 27

• Geo. 2. C 18. §

36. Damaged Wines may be sold for distilling, or making Vinegar, 12 Geo. 1. C 28. § 20.

37. The Duties on Wine Lees altered, - 1 Geb. 2. C 17.

38. Wine not to be imported in Bottles or small Calks, 1 Geo. 2.

C l7 h7

39. Saving of the Privileges of the Univerftties, 10 Geo. 2. C 19.

§ 2. 30 Geo. 2. C 19. § 9.

40. Wine not to be sold without Licence at the Universities, 17

'Geo. 2. C 40. § 11.

41. An additional Duty of Tonnage on Wine, 18 Geo. 2. C 9.

42. Wine imported in the Out Ports not to be brought within 20 Miles of the Royal Exchange, without paying the London Duty, 26 Geo. 2. C 12.

43. The Commission for granting Licences to retail Wine by Virtue of 12 Car. 2. to cease, and the Duties together with new Duties to be levied by the Commissioners of the Stamp Office, 30 Gee. 2. C 19.

44. The Aft not to be prejudicial to the Vintners Company, 30

Geo. 2. C 19. 1

45. The Penalty of retailing abated, 32 Geo. 2. C 19.

46. No Dilcount on Wine Licence?, 32 Geo. 2. r. 19. §2.

47. An additional Duty of 8 I. per Jon on all Fiencb Wine imported, 3 Geo. 3. C 12. And on all other Wines imported 4i. per Tonne, ibid.

- For other Matters, see ibutletage, cuftoltls, (gauging,

ulonhchj Merchants 15, (Ac. Monopolies, 3d?pbans 4; Sdp'ps 6, 8, 3 2, GY. Stamps, ismuects, <htuitoer= Cities 22.

(Mice.

1. Penalty on importing foreign Card Wire cr Iron Wire for

making of Wool Cards, X 3 14 Car. 2. C 19.

2. Iron Wire, 2 IF. iff M. fejf. 2. C 4. § 16.

3. Steel Wire, 2 W. (A M. jijf. 2. C 4. § 17.

4. Lattin, Brass or Copper Wire, and Gold and Silver Wire imported, to what Duties liable, 4 IF. (A M. C 5. § 2.

5. Brass Wire how exempt from Payment of Duties on Exportation, 7 Ann. C 8. § 8.

For other Matters, see. cuftottts, 3fltou, m‘™ufnc

turcs, Miool 35.

c&iitcljctitft See Conjuration.

ottneflig.,

1. Process how awardable again!! them to prove a Deed, 12 Ed. 2. ft, I. C 2.

2. For Prisoners to be fvvorn in capital Cases, as witneftes for the Crown are, 1 ann.ji. 2. C 9. § 3.

For other Matters, see le, (Ac. 27. h5an!mtpt 7. ail attb Jfente 8. obalcobc bonfcs 2. •jlrjidges 20. Colts,

■ Whence, 5felo»y 31. 3iuftitcs of $eace 25. nib ing, 44. fderjuty 2. fmays, (Ac. 19. fjooj 29. Ctca* Cou 52. Crial 8. cutus 12.'

gukttam.

Misdemeanours of Spinners there, how punishable, 7 Ja. 1. C j.

ouonlc See Ships,

. Monicn. 1

1. The Chancellor to vacate Obligations, Statutes or Recogni' sauces obtained from Women by Fraud and Imposition, 31 H. 6. C 9.

2. shall'have Livery of their Lands at fourteen, 39 H. 6. C 2.

3. The Penalties of taking away Women Children from their Guardians, or marrying them, A ^ (A M. C 8,

4. The Penalty of a Woman Child consenting to a Ravifliment, 4 (A 5 P. (A M. C 8. § 6.

For other Matters, see Appeal I. isatolt aitij

jfcme, hbaftard 7. Clergy 27, 29. Cmblcments, z Ionics tottl) anti boitljout Clergy, Title shomctt. Labourers 25; irapc, isccufauts 35. ¥urit2. 3b a grants. •

exhooti*

1. What Number of Standils shall be left on the cutting down

any Wood, and how long the Spring shall be preserved, 35 Hi 8. C 17. 13 El, C 25. § 18.

2. Woods not to be turned to Tillage or Paflure, 35 H. 8. C 17. §3

3. On selling Woods where others have Common, one Quarter to be enclosed, 3; H. 8. C 17. § 7.

4. After two Years Owners may put Colts and Calves into enclosed Woods, 35 H. S. C 17. § 20.

3. Penalties of exporting Wood without Licence, 1 (A 2 P. (A M.

. f. 5- M

6. Timber Trees shall not be coaled for Ironworks, 1 El. C 15.

7. Oaks to be felled in barking Time, 5 El. C 8.

8. Woods to be enclosed two Years longer, and farther Directions.

. putting in Cattle, 13 El. C 2;. § 18.

9. Wood growing, within 22 Miles of London, (Ac. not to be

'coaled for Ironworks, 23 El. C zyel C tq.

10. Penalties of fiealing Wood or defiroying young Trees, 15 Car. 2. C 2.

A a

Vol. IX Tae,

t.

11. For

olloo!

m col

11. Sot the Preservation of Timber in the Ford! of Dean, 20 Car. 2. C 3.

12. Penalties on malicious cutting down Trees, 1 Geo. (.c.48. 6 Geo. 1. C 16.

13. Damage to be made goodbye Parish, 1 Grc. 1. C 48. 6 Geo.

1. e. 16.

14. Wood, underwood and Coppices, how taxable, 30 Gee, z.

C 3. 4.

13. Colledtor, be. empowered to cut down and fell Wood growing on wood lands afll lted, where no Diilrefs is to be had, 4 Geo. 3. C 2. § 38. ■ •

Fci other Ala t rs. see jpppiolkillcnt, cuftonig, ^ojdts,

Jrvutt Circcc, 31ron jbr. plantations 27. ^ttojes, Ctmbcr wvccsj Cities 2.

coq, 0tjft0clu

Wool and Yarns may be sold in ifoo ftoch on Market and Fair Days, 18 El. C 21.

For other matters, see silhirlbojougl).

(ddfool.

1. Maletoute of Wool released, 2; Ed. 1. e. 7.

2. Nothing shall be taken in Name of Maletoute of a Sack of Wool, St. de Tall. non. concrd. 34 Edi, ft. 4. C 3.

3. Exportation of Wool prohibited, 11 Ed. 3. C 1. By Engtijh

men. Felony, 27 Ed. 3.7?. 2. C 3. C 7. C 12. 31 Edt, .ft. I.

C 9. 38 Ed. 3. ft. 4. C 6.

4. Custom on Wool limited, 14 Ed. 3. ft, 3.

5. The Price of Wool shall be free, 18 Ed. 3. ft. 2. C 3.

0. The Seller not bound to warrant the Packing, unless by Deed, 28 Ed. 3. C 13. The Packing not to be warranted, 13 R. 2. ft. t. C 9.

7. Weight for Wool, 31 Ed. 3. ft. 1. e. 2.

8 whatrefufe may be made of Wool, 31 Edict. 1. C 8. 13 R. 2. ft. L C 9.

9. Subftdy shall not be paid for the Package, 34 Ed. 3. C 19.

to. Licence to Denizens to export Wool, 34 Ed. 3. C 21.

1 (. Nothing shall be demanded but the ancient Custom, and no Subsidy shall be seton Wool without aitent of Parliament, 36 Ed. 3. C II

12. The Forfeiture of Lands and Goods on Denizens exporting Wool discharged, 46 Ed. 3.

13. Regraiing of Wool prohibited, 14.r, 2. C 4. 22 H. C 1.

37 H. 8. C 15. 5 b1 6. Ed. 6. C 7.

14. None shall buy Woollen Yarn but to make Cloth, 8 H. 6.

5-

15. Wool for Exportation shall be duly packed, 8 H. 6. r. 22. 1 R. 3. C 8. § 14.

16. Thrums and Woollen Yarn not to be exported, SH, 6. C 23. 23 H. 6. C 2.

17. Exportation of Wool to the North of Teefe, be. prohibited, 3 Ed. 3. C 1.

18. From what Places Wool may be exported to Calais, 4 Ed, 4. cz. 3-

19. Contradling for Wool before it is (horn, restrained, 4 Ed. 4.

C 4, 4 H. 7. C 11.

20. To be carried only to Calais, 1.2 Ed*4. C 5. 14 Ed. 4. C 3.

21. Exportation of Cloth unshorn, permitted, 5 H. 8- C 3.

22. Revocation of Letters Patent made to the Citizens of York for shipping Wool, 21 //. 8. C

23. Against Deceits in winding and packing Wool, 23 H. 8. C 17. Made perpetual, 13 EL C 23..

24. Inhabitants of Halifax permitted to buy Wool and sell it again, 2 £23 P. b M. C 13.

2.5. Wool and Yarn may be freely bought and sold in the Market and Fairs at Arw ifoodftoei, 18 El. C zi.

26. Wool Cards not to be imported, 39 El. e. 14. § 2.

2-. Penalties of Whipping, bron Artificers imbezilling Wool or Yarn, 7 Ja. 1. C 7. 1 Ann. ft. 2. C 18.

28. Offenders not making Satisfaction to be fet in the Stocks, 7 fa. 1. C 7. S 2.

29. Exportation of Sheep, Wool, Wool Fells, fuller's Earth, and

Scouring Earth prohibited, 12 Car. 2. C 32. Made Felony, 13b 14 Car. 2, C 18. _ 7 b 8 IF. 3. C 28. 9 b 10 IF. 3.

C 40.

30. Penalty on Owners of Ships knowing Offences, 12 Car. 2.

32p § 3-

31. Ships of Aliens importing prohibited Wool forfeited, 12 Car. z, C 32. § g.

32. Not to extend to Wool exported from Southampton to J erfey, Gnernfy, be. 12 Car. 2. C 32 § 13, 14.

33. The Prelfing of Wool into Package, or laying it near the Shore, prohibited, 13 b 14 Car. 2. C 18. § 7.

34. Wool not to be.carried in the Night, 13 b 14 Car, 2. C 18.

§ 9*

35. Foreign Wool Cards or Card Wire, or Iron Wire not to be imported, 13 b 14 Car. 2. C 19.

36. For burying in Woollen, 18 Car. 2. C 4.

37. No Corps to be buried but in Woollen, and Affidavit to be

made, 30 Car. 2. C 3. 32 Car. 2. C I.

38. Directions for the entering and registering of Wool that is removed, 1 AF. bm. C 32. 7 b S IF. 3, C 2s. 9 b 10 IF. 3.

C 40..§ 3.

39. Quantity of Wool chat may be transported to Guernsey, fer fey, bri IF. b M. ft. 1. C 32. § 14.

40. Ship exporting Wool forfeited with treble Value, be. 7 b8 IF. 3. C 28. § 8.

41. Ships to cruise to prevent Exportation, 7 b8 W. 3. C 28..

§ 14. 10 b 11 A'. 3. C 10. § 16. 5 Geo. 2, C 21.

42. Irish Wool not to be imported at Exeter, 4 b5 IF. b M. C 24. § 10.

43. Directions for buying and selling Wool in Kent and Sussex, 9 b 10 W. 3. C 40. $ 4.

44. Wool and Woollen Manufadlures shall not be exported from. Ireland to any Place but England, 10 b 11 IF. 3. C to,

45. Ship importing contrary to the Act forfeited, 10 b 11 W. 3. C 10. § 2.

46. The Ports in Ireland and England for shipping and landing

Wool, 10 b 11 IF. 3. e. 10. § 10. 4 Ann. C 7. 12 Geo. 2.

C 21. § 5. 25 Geo. 2. C 14. b 19. 26 Geo. z. C 8.

47. Penalty on Commanders of Ships conniving at Exportation of Wool, 10 b 11 JF. 3. C 10. § 18.

*48. No Wool or Woollen Manufacture of the Plantations shall be exported, 10 b n IF. 3. C 10. § 19. Not to extend to Gunners Stores, be. n b 12 IF. 3. C 13. § 9..

49. Regulations of the Penalties of exporting Irtfh Wool, 3 Geo.

I. C 21. § 4.

30. Exporters of Wool not paying the Penalty, may be transported, 4 Geo. C 11. § 6.

51. Returning, Felony without Clergy, \geo..\..c. 11§ 6.

52. Provisions against exporting Wool, extended to Wool Fells, Fullers Earth, be. 5 Geo. 1. C 11. § 14.

53. Wool laid near the Shore in lrelandy forfeited, 5 Geo. 1. e. 11.

§ 21.

54. Length of Warping Bars and Thrums, 13 Geo. ie. 23. § 1-

55. Tenters to be measured and infpcdlcd, 13 Geo. 1. C 23. § 10.

56. Sixteen Ounces to the Pound of Wool, 13 Geo. t. e. z3. § 2..

57. Ships to cruise round Great Britain and Ireland, to prevent the unlawful Exportation of Woollen Manufadlures, 5 Geo, 2. e, in

58. The Duties on hifh Woollen Yarn imported, taken off, z Geo. 2. C 21.

59. Wool, to be carried only in British or Itijh Ships, 12 Geo, 2. e. 2.1. § 6.

60.. Ships how to be qualified for loading Wool, 1.2 Gto. 2. C 21.

§ 7-

61. Exporting Wool, br. contrary to the Regulations, Forfeiture of the Ship, be. 12 Geo. 2. C 21. § u.

, 62. Opposing

qffotlfcw.

mtzci

Klritg:

62. Opposing Officers seizing Wool, (Ac, Felony, 12 Geo. 2. C 21. § 26.

63. Penalty of offering to bribe' Officer, 12 Gen. 2. C 21. § 25,

64. Penalty on insuring the Exportation of Wool, 12 Gre. 2. r. 21. § 29.

65. Justices may make Search for Cloth stolen off Tenters, or Wool, tifr. left to dry, 1 j Geo. 2. r. 27.

66. Wool from I eland may be imported into Lancaster, 25 Geo.

2. r. 14.

67. Wool from Ireland may be imported into Yarmouth, 23 Geo. 2. C 19.

68. Wool, idle, may be imported from Ireland into Exeter, 26

Geo. 2. C 8. '

69. Permission to export Wool, (Ac. from any Port of Ireland to any Port of e/gland, 26 Geo. 2. e. 1 f. - 1

70. Penalty of paying Workmen otherwise than in Money, 29

Geo. 2. C 33. § 3. 30geo. 2. C 12.

for o'her Matters, see cuttoius, ©jajjcrp, ^dotttcg vhttlj atto toithout Ctergp, Title cclool. 3jrelant), tupamu failures, Scotland, Cap, Curfeep Company 4. ' eact'sbte, (Ad cstoouen 2jj)anufafturcs, j'nrtt, £>ojti.

Moollett s©mutfnctute£.

1. Combinations of Weavers, Wool combers, idle, prohibited,

12 Gee. I. C 34. 29 Geo. 2. C 33.

2. Extended to Combers of Jersey orwool, Frame Work Knitters

and Stocking Makers, 12geo. i. C 34. § 8. And toother Manufafturcs by 22 Geo. 2. e. 27. § 2. -

3. Regulations for the Payment of Wages, 13 Geo. 1. C 23. § 5,

g. 29 Geo. 2. C 33. 30 Gee. 2. C 12. -

4. Punishment of end gatherers, 13 Geo. 1. C 23. §8.

5. Having in Custody Cloth stolen from the Rack, or Wool left to dry, first Offence treble Value, third, Transportation, 1; Geo. 2. e 27.

For other 'Matters, see 'ssurinl 3. cctttojatt 23. clotf}, jdjapcrp, felonies lxritb anti toitl; out Clergy, Titte 22lool, ^atobers, 5: 23f)amifaffurcs, /]5ojfoib, Slope. 8. Staple,.. 1

ch00l=c0mbei*ls nut c<rienfoct£, See Drapery and Wool.

02loohciffon (eidjaru, cfqo

Relieved as to an over payment of a Sum of Money on the land-tax for Sal p, 3 Geo. 2. C 16. § 19,

um fcep.

Its Ground, Wharf and Key, in the Parish of All Saints, Bark ino, in London, veiled in Trustees for his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, (Ac. 8 Geo. 1. e. 31.

cciooilm'clj. See Churches.

e. 1. nffi 7, e. it, 12 H. 7. C 1. 19 H. 7. e. 17. 14^

I 5 H. 8. e. 3. 21 H. 8. e. 21. 26 H. S. e. 16. I Ed. 6,

e. 6.

3. Makers may take Apprentices, 14 C 15 H, 8. C 3. § 8.

4. For avoiding Deceits in Worftcds, 5 H. 8. C 4.

5. Exportation of Norfolk Wool and Yarn fit for Workeds prohibited, 6 H. 8. e. 12. 33 H. 8. C 16.

6. They who dye Worftcd shall not callendar them, 25 H. 8. e. 5. '

7. For the making of Ruffels and Fustians of Naples, in Norwich, A 2 p.ia M. C 14.

8. Mull serve Apprenticeihip, and how many Apprentices may be

taken, i (A 2 P. (A M. C 14.4 5. 13 A 14 Car. 2. C 5. § 15,

18.

9. For regulaiing the making of Stuffs in Norwich and Norfolk, 13 (A 14 car. 2. C 5.

For Other Matters, see jdjapcfy, ^fttflt'auo, jjdc^folh, Ac.

ffillool, £vmi.

mxtth

t. Snail not be adjudged where anything escapes alive, but the Goods Shall be kept for the Ownerif he sues within the Year and Day, St. ivejlm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. e. 4.

2. To be valued and delivered to thetowns, 4ed. \, Jl. 2. '■

3. The king's Prerogative in Wreck, Whales and Sturgeons, Prerog. Reg. 17 Ed. 2 .ft. 1. C 1 1,

4. Diredlions for preserving Ships in Distress, 1 z Ann. Jl. 2. C 18. 26 gio. 2. C 19. § 6.'

5. Salvage to be paid, 12 Ann, Jl. 2. e. 18. § 2.

6. Making Holes in Ships Felony without Clergy, iz Ann. ft. 2.'

r. 18. § 5. -

7. Penalty of Fraud ornegledt in Officer of Customs, 12 Ann. ft. 2. e. 1 8. § 7.

8. Stealing Goods of 'final! Value Petit Larceny, 26 Geo. 2, e. 19, § 2.

9. Reward for saving any Vessel or Goods, z6 Geo. 2. C 19. § 7.

10. Officers of the Customs may raise the Salvage by Sale of the Vessel or Cargo, 26 Geo 2. C 19. § 7.

11. Prosecutions by Clerk of the Peace, 26 Geo. 2. C 19. § 8.

iz. Commissioners of land-tax, Deputy Sheriff and Officers

of Excise to put the 12 Ann. ft. 2. C 18. in Execution, 26 Geo. 2. r. 19. § 9.

13. The 12 Ann. not to affect the jurisdiction of the Cinque

Ports, 4gf5. 1. r. 12. § 2. 26 Geo. 2. C 19. § 10.

14. aff.uiting any Person in the Salvage of any Vessel Transportation, 26 Geo. 2. e. 19. § 11, - •

For other Matters, see sfdtutralty, cojoltcts, cuflotuls, arbours, gibips.

mtit of leuoijt.

1. The champion's Oath in a Writ of Right altered, St. ipeftm.

1. 3 Ed. 1. C 41.

2. The Statutes of Nfi prius do not extend to great Assizes, St, Ebor. 1 2 Ed. 2. ft. I. e. 4.

1. The Workhouse established, 3 Geo. 2. e. 23. 4 Geo. 2. C 25.

2. Corporation established for Relief cf Poor, 2 Ann. C 8.

3. May purchase Lands, (Ac. without Licence, 2 Ann. C 8. § 8.

4. Hop market for the Benefit of the Poor, 4 Geo. 2, C 25.

. {ktojftljouces. See Poor.

co02ffet!£.

1. Single Worsteds may be exported to any Place, without paying the Duties of Gdais, 17 R. 2. C 3.

2. Powers given to the Wardens of the Woriled Weavers in Norwich and Norfolk, 20 11. 6. C 10. 23 II 6, C 3. 7 EL 4.

caret.

1. The Writ of Entry in the Post given, St, Marlel, 52 II 3*

C 29:

2. Entry in the Post is not to be maintained where the Writs mentioning the Degrees lie, St. ll'cftm. 1. 3 Ed. 1. e. 40.

3. The Day of signing Writs to be entered, 5 (A M. C 21,

§4

I T

Writs to be endorsed with the attorney's Ns

czpn.

C 23. § 2 2.

5. Special Writs not to be issued in small Suits, 5 Geo. 2. C 27. § 5-

For other Matte's, see <5tlbftlotisj shltcndlttcnt 6. t

rcftcj Jlimitatioue, I; cnffg, Stamps.



[Index ends here.]

APPENDIX.

CONSISTING OF

OBSOLETE and CURIOUS ACTS:

OF WHICH

SOME WERE NEVER BEFORE PRINTED.

CONTENTS of the APPENDIX.

51 Hen. 3.

1. JS ^ I C T U M de Kenilworth,

Jl Edw. 1.

2. Statutum Wallies -- -- -- -- --

Page 1

3

13 Edw. 1.

3. statutacivitatis Londoti edita apud Wejlrrf, -- -- - 12

4. Forma conceflionis et exemplificationis cartarum, 13

14 Edw. 1.

5. Statutum Exonie, -- -- -- -- -- -- - - — — « — 14

6. Articuli Statuti Excniet • -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 15

15 Ediv. 2.

7. Exilium Hugonis le Despenser patris et filii, -- -- 16

8. Northeast quis occafionetur pro feioniis feu tranfgreffionibus fadtis in profecutione Hugonis le Despenser patiis et filii, 18

9. Forma chartarum profequentibus Hugh le Despenser pa

trem et filium conceflarum, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 19

10. A Statute i evoking the Pardon granted to the Pursuers of

the Defpenfers, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - — lb.

16 Edw. 2. A. D. 1323.

11. A Statute revoking an eftabli/hment of the Household,

21

12. A Statute of Eftreats, 1 — — 22

17 Edw. 2. A. D. 1324.

13. Statutum de terris Templariorum, -- -- -- -- -- -- - 23*

Ecmporibus incertis.

14. Statutum quod vocatur de Ragman de justiciariis aflig

natis, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 25;

15. Consuetudines et ailifa de forefta five articuli de attachi

mentis forefte, lb.

16. Statutum armorum ad torniamenta, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 26

17. Statutum de vifu terre et efibnio de fervitio Domini

Regis, -- -- -- -- -- -- — -- -- -- 3 — 27

18. Statutum de justiciariis assignatis, -- -- -- -- -- -- lb.

19. Compofitio ulnarum et perticarum, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - lb.

20. Statutum de brevi de inquifitionibus concedendo de terris ad manum mortuam ponendis, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 23

21. Statutum do judeifmo, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - lb.

22. Statutum dc Catall' felonum, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 29

23. Statutum pro tenentibus per legem Anglic, -- -- -- -- lb.

24. Prohibitio formata de statuto articuloruin cleri, — lb.

25. Articuli et sacramenta miniftrorum regis in itinere justi

ciariorum, — - -- -- — — — 30

26. De magnis affifis et duellis, -- -- -- -- - — — lb.

27. De dimissione (feu divifione) denariorum, -- -- -- -- - 31

28. An Ordinance for Measures- -- -- -- -- -- -- - — - —

A

I

I Edw. 3.

29. A Coiifiunation of the Banifhrrrent of Hugh Spencer

the Father, and Hugh Spencer the Son, -- -- -- -- -- -- ib.

30. None shall be impeached which took Part with the

King against his Father, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 32

31. The Repeal of the Exile made void, -- -- -- -- -- -- ib.

32. The Executors of those that were wrongfully Haiti shall have Action to recover their Testators Goods. All af furances made to the Rebels by Duress shall be void, ib.

10 Ediv. 3. A. D. 1336.

33. Statutum de cibariis utendis editum apud Nottingham, 33

14.edw. 3. A. D. 134.0.

34. Reciting some former Grants, and limiting the Custom

on Wool, Plate, sv- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

Edw. 3. A. D. 1341.

35. A Confirmation of the Great Charter and former Statutes, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 35

36. The Peers of the Realm and great Officers for great

Offences shall be tried in Parliament, -- -- -- -- -- - ib.

37. The Chancellor and other great Officers to swear to keep the Laws, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 36

3s. At every Parliament the King may take several great Offices into his Hands, and retain them four or five Days. Those that attempt Suits against the Laws and Statutes of the Realm shall answer it in Parliament, -- -- -- -- ib.

39. Puniflrment of Usury by the King or the Ordinaries, ib.

40. Ministers of the Church shall not answer before the king's Justices for Things done touching the jurisdiction of the Church, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- — ib.

23 Edw. 3. A. D. 1350.

41. The King granteth to the Commons an Aid of a Difme and Fifteen by them before granted to him, all the Ififues, Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciaments levied of Labourers, Artificers, Regrators, Victuallers and Servants, 37

31 Echv. 3.

42. Ordinatio faifta pro llatu terras Hibcrnie, - ■ ■ - ib.

46 Edw. 3.

43. Rotulus Parliament! de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi

Tertii, quadragesimo sexto- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

Rich. 2.

44. The king's Commission to the Chancellor and others

to examine into the State of his Courts, Revenues, Grants and Officers Fees, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ■ -- -- -- -- -- - 46

11 Rich. 2.

45. The Archbishop of Tori and others attainted of High

Treason- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

Clause to prevent fraudulent Conveyances of their

Estates- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

The Estates of the Bishop of Chichcjlcr and others also

forfeited, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 54

48. The Penalty of concealing any Part of the said Estates

after Proclamation made. Estates possessed by a Traitor m another's Right, excepted, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ib.

49. lfiues in Tail, and Jointures of Women also excepted, ib.

50. Penalty of petitioning the King for any Grant of the

said Estates, during the War, - ■ 54

21 Rich. 2. A. D. 1397.

51. A Repeal of the Commission granted by the King to

certain Noblemen to inquire into certain Abuses, and of the Statutes made 10 Rich. 2. 54

2 Hen. 5.

52. De ur.ione jurium et pofleffionum comitatus Hereford

Ducatui Lane, f'ca.' -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ■ ■ 56

3 Hen. 5.

53. Dc ducatu lar.caft R. ip'ius feacfca)lis? -- -- -- 60

8 Hen. 6.

54. The Citizens'of London may take Apprentices according to their ancient Customs- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- •

. There shall not be excepted in the Protections of those that shall go with thd King into France, Assize of Novel Difeifin, 61

56. Wools, Sells, fsv. shipped put of England, Wales or

Ireland, for any Place but Calais, shall be forfeited by the double, except by Merchants of Jean, Venice, fdc. ib.

57. Certain Ordinances made for the Prices of merchandises, and Maintenance of the Town and Mint of Calais,

62

js. If a Mariner shall receive into his Ship anymerchan difes, or carry them to any other Place than to the Staple at Calais, the Goods and Ship shall be forfeited, ib.

59. No Merchant of Calais' shall buy beyond the Sea, any

Mcrchandife of the Staple, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 63

60. A Repeal of all Licences granted to Men of neivca/lle

and Benvich, to carry Merchandises to other Places than to Calais, -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- — — — — ib.

61. The Mayor of the Staple of Calais shall continue two

Years in his Office, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ib.

62. A Remedy for the Inhabitants of Tewkesbury in the

County of Gloucester, against the Commonalty of the forest of Dean, C to prevent future Robberies and Injuries to the Navigation on the Severn, • -- -- -- -- - 64

9 Hen. 6. A. D. 1430.

63. All Assises and Nisi prius shall be adjourned during this

Parliament until certain Days', ' 65

64. English Merchants may sell their Mcrchandife to Aliens,

giving them only six Months Credit, notwithstanding the Statute of 8 Hen. 6. C 24. ib.

65. The Proceedings against Owen glendov.r, attainted of High Treason, shall stand good, notwithstanding any Error, Misprision, (Ac. but shall not prejudice his Heirs,

66

66. No Sheriff, lac. of the County of Hereford shall extort

Money, or do Wrong in his Turn, by Colour of his Office, -- -- -- -- -- - 3 -- -- ib.

67. A Rehcarfal and Confirmation of the Statute of 3 Hen.

3. C 2. authorising certain Abbots and other religious Persons to make their Attorneys, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 67

10 Hen. 6. A. D. 1432.

68. Recognizances taken before the Mayor, cof Calais,

shall be effectual in England, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ib.

69. A Rchearfal of the Statute of 21 R 2. C 18. touching

the Maintenance of certain Places about Calais, 68

70. All Wools and Wool Fells, that shall be carried to any

other Place than to Calais, shall be forfeited to the King and the Finder, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ib.

11 Hen. 6. A. D. 1433.

71. They that dwell at the Stews in Southwark, shall not

be impannelled injuries, nor keep any Inn or Tavern but there, 69

72 The Statute of 9 H. 6. C 7. which reftraineth the Sheriff of the County of Hereford to take Money by Extortion, (Ac. revived for three Years, -- -- - — 69

73. What Wax Chandlers shall take for their Work of

Wax, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 70

74. A Confirmation for three Years of the Statute of 8 Hen.

6. C 18. that Wool, Lfc. brought to Calais shall be sold for ready Money, ib.

75. It shall be Felony to ship or carry any Merchandises of

the Staple in Creeks, during three Years, -- -- -- ib,

14 Hen. 6. A D 1435.

76. Wools and Sells shall not be exported but to Calais.

Special Exceptions in favour of the King and his Council, and the Merchants of Venice, Jean, isc. -- -- -- -- -- 7*

3 77- Mer

CONTENTS of the APPENDIX.

A. D.

1327-

CONTENTS of

77. Merchandises of the Staple shipped in Creeks shall be

forfeited, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ib.

78. No Merchants shall ship any Merchandises of the Staple

but at Wharves assigned, (Ac. • -- -- -- -- -- 72

18 Hen. 6. A. D. 1439

79. No Merchant Alien shall sell any Merchandises in

England to another Merchant Alien. Mayors, (Ac. of Cities and Towns to execute this Act, -- -- -- - ib.

80. It shall be Felony to carry Wool or Woolfells to any

other Place than to Calais, laving such which pass thro' the Straits of Marrack, -- -- -- -- • -- -- -- -- -- - 7^

20 Hen. 6. A. D. 1441.

81. It shall be High Treason for Welshmen to take and carry

away Englishmen or their Goods into Wales, or there to with hold them, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - ib.

82. A Reformation of the Partition of Money, arifingby the

Sale of Wools and Woolfels, by the Mayor and con liable of Calais, ordered for seven Years, -- -- -- -- -- -- 7;

23 Hen. 6. A. D. 1444.

s3. Welshmen indidted of Treason or Felony, that do repair into Herefordshire, shall be apprehended and imprisoned, or else pursued by Hue and Cry, and a Forfeiture of those which do not pursue them, ib.

84. No new Impositions shall be laid on them which buy Wines in Gafcoyn or Guyen, by any of the king's Officers in thofeparts, upon Pain of Forfeiture of twenty Pounds and treble damages, -- -■ 76

25 Hen. 6. A. D. 1447.

All Statutes made against jvelchmen confirmed. All Grants of Markets and Fairs to any Welshmen shall.be void. The king's Villains in North Wales, shall be con drained to such Labour as they have done before, - ib.

27 Hen. 6. A. D. 1448..

86. No Licence shall be available to carry Wools, Sells, or Tin, to any Place out of the Realm but to Calais. 77

87. A Rehearsal and Confirmation for three Years of the

Statute of 20 Hen. 6. C 3. provided against Welshmen that take any Englishmen, their Goods and Chattels, and carry them into Wales, — 78

88. The king's Pardon granted to all Priests, as well fecu lars as religious, of several Offences, Forfeitures, (Ac. 79

28 Hen. 6. A. D. 1439.

89. Felony for any Welch or Lancashire Man to take other

Men, their Goods or Chattels, under Colour ofdiftrefs, where they have no Cause — — ...

29 Hen. 6.. A. D. 1450.

90. "John Cade attainted of Treason, and his Lands, Tenements, (Ac■ given to the King, and his Blood corrupt, 80

31 Hen. 6. A D. 1452.

91. yohn Cade shall be adjudged a Traitor,, and all Indictments and Acts done by his Authority shall.be void, ib.

92. The Penalties for those who shall disobey the king's

Writs, (Ac. or not appear before his Council when warned by. Proclamation, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 81

93. A Remedy for several Extortions committed by the Officers of the Exchequer, ■ -- -- -- -- - 82

94. No Person brewing Ale or Beer m Kent'to be sold, shall,

during five Years, make above an hundred Quarters of Malt tp his own.ul'e, -- -- - - — - — 83

95„ No wrought Silk belonging to the Mystery of Silk Women, shall be brought into this Realm by the way of Merchandise, during five Years, ib.

96. Certain Privileges granted to the Abbot of'fountain, in the county of York, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ib.

the APPENDIX,

1 Edw. 4.

97. Conviccio quor'dam d'nor' et alior' audloritatc parliamenti,

-- -- -- -- - — £4'

98. De Lancajlr' duche, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -> 92

3 Edw. 4. A. D. 1463.

99. What Kind of Apparel Men and Women of every Vocation

and Degree are allowed, and what prohibited to wear, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 93

4 Edw. 4.

100. From what Places and on what Conditions, Englijlr

Wools shall be exported to Calais. -- -- -- -- -- 95-

101. Certain Wools, Tel Is j (Ac. which may be exported

from Newcastle to the Staple at Calais. Penalty on thofii who do contrary to this Ordinance, -- -- -- - 9.6

102. A Restraint for three Years of the Custom of contracting

for Wool in certain Counties before it is (horn, unless it be u(ed for Cloth or Yarn, -- -- -- -- 96

103. Merchandizes from the Duke of Burgundy s Countries

prohibited, till English wrought Clothes are received there, ■ 97

104. patten makers may make Pattens of such Afp as is

not fit for Shafts, -- -- -- -- -- 98

105. What Persons shall take Passage, or land at Dover in

Kent only, and who not, ib..

7 Edw. 4. A'. D. 1467*

106. An Act for the Subsidies, 99-

14 Edw. 4. A. D. 1474.

107. For the king's Tenants going in his Wars, 101

108. An Act touching Protections for such as go in the

king's Wars, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 102

17 Edw. 4.. A.D... 1477.

109. An Alteration of Part of the Statute of 4 Ed. 4. C r.

* 103

22 Edw, 4,. A. D. 1482.

110. A Repeal of all former Statutes made touching the excess

of Apparel', -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 104

111. An act for the Price of Bows,. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 105

1 Hen. 7..

11-2* Actus concernens Annex Ducat' Land Cornub' et al', ib'.

1 Hen. 7. A. D. 1485.

113.An Act to maintain a Formedon against the Pernor of

the Profits of Lands infeoffed to Use- -- -- -- -- --

Hen. 7-

114. A Certificate shall be made of goods brought into one

Port and removed to another. One man shall not enter goods in the Name of another, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 109;

4 Hcn. y.

115. The Mayor of London, and his Successors, shall have the like Conl'ervation and Authority, in all the Iftiies, Breaches, and Ground overflown,, as far as the water ebbeth and floweth, grown out of the River of Thames, as touching the Punishments for using unlawful Nets and Engines, as he hath within the said Riven PR no

116. The Charges and Benefit of the Heir of Cejluh que

ufck -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ib.

117. The Penalty for. decaying of Houses of Husbandry, or

not laying of convenient Land for. the Maintenance of the same, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - - 2 1

19 Hen. 7.

ns Several Charges imposed upon the lands: and Persons of'cejiui que Uji, ■ 112

3 Hen 8,

119.. anadt for payment of. wages to'soldiers,. J >3/

lao, An

CONTENTS of

4 Hen. 8.

120, An Act for Punishment of Murder, -- -- -- -- - 114

12 ■. An Act for sealing of Clothes of Gold and Silver, ib

)23. An Act concerning Richard Strode, — -- -- -- -- 115

2 2 Hen. 8.

133. An Act concerning the Trial of forren Pleas pleaded by Felons, -- -- -- -- -- — -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 11b

23 Hen. 8.

•j.24. An Act concerning Restraint of Payment of Annates to the See of Rome, -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- - 117

z S Hen 8.

1.2c. An Act for the Establishment of the Imperial Crown of this Realm, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 119

31 Hen. 8.

-126. An Act for abolishing of Diversity of Opinions in certain Articles concerning Christian Religion, 127

3 2 Hen. 8.

127. An Act concerning the Lands and Goods of the ho ipitals of St. John of Jerusalem in England and Ireland, to be hereafter in the king's Hands and Disposition, 133

33 Hen. 8.

2.28. An Act concerning Cross Bows and Hand Guns, 136

129. An Act concerning certain Lordships translated from

•the County of Denbigh to the County of Flint, 140

1 Edw. 6

130. An Act for the punishing of Vagabonds, and for the Relief of the Poor and impotent Persons — —

3 O' 4 Edw. 6.

131.. An Act touching the Punishment of Vagabonds and other idle Persons, 14^

1 Mary.

.132. An Act declaring the queen's Highness to have^bene born in a moil just and lawful Matrinionie, and also repealing all Acts of Parliament and Sentences of Divorce

had and made to the contrary, — 148

2 & 3 Phil. & Mar.

133. An Act that Purveiors shall not take Vidtuals within

five Miles of Cambridge and Oxford, -- -- - 150

1 Eliz.

134. An Adle giving Authoritee to the quene's Majeflie

upon the Avoidance of any Archbifboppriche or bishop priche, to take into her Hands certeine of the Temporal Possessions thereof, recompensing the same with parfo nuges impropriate and Tenthes, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 151

535. An Act of a Subfidieand two Fifteenes and Tenth, by thetemporaltie, 152

8 Eliz.

136. An Act forbowyers, and the Prices of Bows, 166

13 Eliz,

13, 7. An Act for the bringing in of Bow Staves into this Realm, -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- - • — - 167

27 Eliz.

138. An Act for explaining of the Statute for the amending of the Highwaies between Middleton and the king's Ferry, leading into the Ifleof Sheppey, in the County of Kent, 168

39 Eliz.

139. An Act for Punishment of Rogues, Vagabonds, and

Sturdic Beggars, -- -- -- • -- -- -- — 169

4 Jac. 1.

140. An Act for Explanation of the Statute made in the third Yeere of the Reigne of King James, iutitled. An

4

the APPENDIX.

Aft for the bringing of a fref> Streame of running jvatcr /, > the North Parts of the City of London, ' -- -- -- - 172

.7 'Joel.

141. An Act for the bringing of fresh Streams of Water, by

Engine, from Hackney" Marflt, to the City of London, for the Benefit of the king's College at Che fey, 173

12 Car. 2. AD. 1660.

142. An Act eredling and establishing apofl office, 175

13 Car. 2. Stat. 1.

143. An Act for afeertayning and establishing the Fees of the Mailers of the Chancery in ordinary, -- -- -- -- - 178

144. An Act for Safety and Preservation of his majesty's Person and Government against treasonable and seditious Pradlices and Attempts, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 180

145. An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his majesty's Navies, Ships of War, and forces by Sea, -- -- -- 182

13 y 14 Car. 2.

146. An Act for establishing an additional Revenue upon his majesty, his Heirs and Succellbrs, for the better uup port of his and their Crown and Dignity, -- -- - 1s6

147. An Act for providing of Carriage by Land and by Water, for the Use of his majesty's Navy and Ordnance, 189

148. An Act for preventing Abuses in Printing fedidoiis, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets, and for regulating of Printing, and Printing Prefles, 190

17 Car. 2.

149. An Act for continuance of a former Act for regulating

the Press- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --

Jac. 2.

156. An Act for erecting a new Parish to be called the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, ig7

1 W. & If.

151. An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of

twelve Pence in the Pound for one Year, for the necessary Defence of their Realms, — -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - 203

2 W.C! M. '

152. An Act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as

acted for their Majesties Service in Defence of the Kingdom. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - — • 212

5 & 6 w. fcr M.'

153. An Act for raiding Money by a Poll, payable quarterly

for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France, -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -. ib.

154. An Act for the licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and stagecoaches, 213

6 W. M.

155. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births and Burials; and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of five Years, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, 216

r Ann.

156. An Act for enabling her Majefry to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, 231

4 Ann.

157. An Act to prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts, 232

5 Ann

138. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts, z35

APPENDIX.

Anno

nrici III A.D... 1266.

Dictum de Kenilworth.

[Latin removed.]

B

APPENDIX

Nemora

2

5-

C

7*

S.

9-

xo,

II

SI'

*3*

j.

V -

36.

37*

38.

19.

o.

22.

a

24.

*5

i6.

APPENDIX.

[Latin removed.]

4

3

APPENDIX.

[Latin removed.]

STATUTUM WALLIE.

Claus. 12 Edw. I. dorfo. in Tnrr. Lond.

[Latin removed.]

B 2 casu

4

APPENDIX

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond,

[Latin removed.]

5

appendix:

Ex Ret, in Furr, Lond.

[Latin removed.]

F O R M E

APPENDIX.

Ex Ret. in 'tun, Lond.

j. m,, r m e Brevium regiorum originalium placitandorum in jvallia.

Breve de nova dijfeifna de libero tenemento, de quo qiiis liber homo injuste & sine judicio fuerit dijfeijitus,

Rex Vicecomiti Anglefeye falutem. Queftus eft nobis A quod B & C injuste & judicio did, eum de libero tenemento fuo in N post pacem noftram in Wallia proclamatam Anno Regni nostri undecima. Et ideo, tibi precipimus, quod ft predictus A fecerit te fecurum de clameo fuo profequendo tunc facias tenementum illud lefeifiri de catallis, (jxie in ipso capta fuerunt, ■ & ipsum tenementum cum catallis efle in pace usque ad certum diem quern Juftictarius noftcr tibi feire faciet. Et interim facias duodecim liberos 6c Iegales homines de vifneto. illo videre tenementum illud, & nomina illorum imbreviari, & sum. eos per bonos Summonitores, quod tunc lint.coram prefato Jufticiario noftro parati inde facere recognitio nem. Et pone per vadios Sc salvos plegios predidios B & C vel Ballivos fuos fi ipfi inventi non fuerint, quod tunc sint ibi audituri islam recognitioncm. Et habeas ibi Sum. nomina plegiorum & hoc Breve. Dat. apud Karnarvan, tali anno & tali die, vel alibi.

De nova dijfeifna de communia pasture[ [ Breve, Tot.] fic:

Queftus eft nobis A quod B & C injuste, C difleif. cum de communia pasture fua in N que^>ertinet ad liberum tenementum fuunt in eadem villa (vel in alia, ft casus hoc velit) post pacem noftram, (etc. Et ideo tibi precipimus, quod fi predictus A fecerit te fecurum, (etc. tunc facias duodecim liberos, (etc. videre pafturam islam & 6c nomina eornm imbreviari, Sc fummoneas eos per bonos Summonitores quod [tunc, it, ] sint coram. prefato Jufticiario, (etc. parati inde facere recognitionem. Et po: ie per vad. Sc lalvos plegios predictos B & C vel Ballivos fuos, ft ipfi inventi non fuerint, quod tunc lint ibi audiend. islam recognitionem. Et habeas ibi, (etc. Dat. (etc.

Vel fee:

Queftus eft nobis A quod B injuste, (etc. levavit vel proftravit quandant fepem vel quoddam fofiatum, vel obltruxit, vel ar&avit quandam viam; vel divertit curfum cujufdam aque; vel levavit, vel proftravit, vel exaltavit, quoddam ftagnum in N ad nocumentutn liberi tenementi fui in eadem villa (vel in alia, fi casus fit) post pacem, (etc. Et ideo tibi precipimus, quod fi preditftus A fecerit te fecurum, (etc. tunc facias duodecim, (etc. videre fepem islam, vel fofiatum illud, vel viam islam, vel curfum illius aque, vel ftagnum illud, & tenementum, & nomina eorum imbreviari, Sc fummone eos, (etc. quod sint Coram Jufticiario noftro, (etc. parati, (etc. Et pone per vadios, (etc. predidtum B vel Ballivum, (etc. quod tunc fit, (etc. Et habeas, (etc. Dat. (etc.

Et mutentur form Brevium secundum diverfitates cafuum.

Breve de morte Antecefforis.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Si A fecerit te fecurum de clameo fuo profequendo, tunc fummoneas per bonos Summonitores duodecim liberos Sc Iegales homines de vifneto de N quod sint coram Jufticiario noftro parati Sacramento recognofccre, ft B pater predicti A suit feifitus in dominico fuo ut de fcodo de manerio tali cum pertin. tel de tanto terre cum pertin. in N die quo obiit. Sc fi obiit post pacem noftram in Wallia proclamatam Anno Regni nostri undecima, & fi idem A propinquior heres ejus lit, Sc interim manerium illud, vel terram islam videant, & nomina eorum inbreviari facias. Et fummoneas per bonos Summonitores C qui manerium illud vel terram islam tenet, quod tunc sit ibi ad audiend. islam recognitionem. Et habeas'ibi Sum. & hoc Breve. Dat. (etc.

Et fiant Litere Patentes fub hiis verbis, quousque Dominus Rex aliud inde ordinaverit.

Rex Jufticiario fuo falutem. Sciatis quod conftituimus vos Jufticiarium nostrum, una cum hiis quos vobis duxeritis afioc. ad Afiifas nove Difteifine, & mortis Antecefibris, in partibus Wallie capiendas: Et ideo, vobis mandamus, quod ad certos dies Sc loca, quos ad hoc provideritis, Aftifas illas capiatis, fadiuri inde quod ad Jufticiam pertinet, secundum legem & confuetudinem Regni nostri, falvis nobis amerciamentis CC aliis ad nos inde fpedtantifcus. Mandavimus enim Vicccomitibus noftiis, quod ad certos dies Sc loca, quos ad hoc eis feire facictis, Afiifas illas coram vobis venire faciant. In cujus rei testimonium has LI treras noftras vobis fecimus fieri Patentes. Dat. (etc.

Et fiat Breve, clausum ad inandatum Jufticiarii dirigendutn Vicecomitibus fub hac forma.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Precipimus tibi quod omnes Afiifas nove Difieifine Sc mortis Anteccfibr. coram Jufticiario noftro arraniatas per Brevia nostra venire facias coram eodem Jufticiario ad certos dies Sc loca, quos tibi feire faciet, cum Brevibus originalibus, Attachiamentis, Sc omnibus aliis Adminiculis dictas Afii as tangentibus. Sc hoe Breve, Dat. (etc.

Et mutetur forma Brevis secundum diverfitates cafuum, videlicet, fi vel mater, vel frater, vel forer, vel avunculus, vel amita, suit feifitus in dominico fuo ut de feodo de re petita per viam mortis Antecefibris die quo obiit. Et quando plures coheiedes & participes alicujus hereditatis petunt ipfam hereditatem, videlicet, quando unus ipforum petit de morte patris, vel matris, fratris, vel fororis, avunculi, vel smite, & alius vel alii ex ipfis coheredibus petunt de morte avi fui vel avie sue, vel confanguinei fui vel confanguinee sue, fiat eis Breve mortis Antecefibris in fuo casu, quia ilia pars didii Brevis que

tangit

7

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond,

tanglt naturam mortis anteceftoris juxta articulum inde ufitatum attrahit ad fe naturam aliorum articulo rum tangentium coheredes in gradibus' remotioribus.. V •.

Breve commune quod in aliquo casu tangit jus, in aliquo pojfejfionem.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Precipe A quod just et sine dilatione reddat B manerium de N cum pertin. quod predidlus A ei deforciat, ut dicit; & nisi fecerit St predibtus B fecerit te fecurum dc clameo luo pro fcquendo, tunc fummoncas per bonos Summonitores predictum A quod sit coram Jufticiario noftro often furus quare non fecerit. Et habeas ibi. Sum. & hoc Breve. Dat. (Sc.

Velfic: '.

Precipe A quod just, (Be. reddat B tantum terre cum pertin. in N ut supra.

Et funiliter coacedatur iftud Breve coram Juftic. in Banco, fi petens voluerit0

Breve de dote in ivallia.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Precipe A quod'jufte St sine dilatione reddat B que suit uxor C ratior.abilem dotem fuam, que earn contingit de libero tenemento, quod suit predidti C quondum viri fui in N unde nichil habet, ut dicit, & unde queritur quod predictus A ei deforciat. Et nisi fecerit, St predicta 3 fecerit te fecurum de clameo fuo profequendo, tunc fummoneas per bonos Summonitores [predidtum. Tot. et ala quod sit quoram Jufticiario noftro, fsc. ollenf. (Sc. Et habeas ibi Sum. St hoc Breve. Dat. (etc.

Et mutetur forma Brevis secundum diverfitatem cafuum, videlicet, ft mulier dotata fuerit ad hoftium ec clefie, de affenfu St voluntate patris, vel alterius antecefforis cujus heres efle poterit vel effs debet.

Breve de Debito.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Precipe A quod justest sine dilatione reddat B centum folidos, quds ei debet Sc injuste detinet, ut dicet. Et nisi fecerit, St predidlus B fecerit te fecurm de clameo fuo profequendo, tunc fummoncas per bonos Summonitores predidtuin A quod sit coram Jufticiario noftro often furus quare non fecerit. Et habeas ibi Sum. St hoc Breve. Dat. (Sc.

Et ft catalla vel facci lanarum exigantur, fiat eis Breve fuberiptum.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Precipe A quod just Sc sine dilatione reddat B unum faccum lane pretii decern marcarum, quern ei injuste detinet; vel catalla ad valentiam decern marcarum, que ei injuste detinet, ut dicit. Et nisi fecerit, (Sc. ut supra.

Et fiant formule confimilium Brevium secundum oftenfiones petentium St diverfitatis cafuum. Et non fiant hujufmodi Brevia de debito coram Jufticiario placitanda de minori summa quam de quadraginta soli dis; fet placita de debito que fummam quadraginta folidorum non attingunt, in Comitatu placitentur,. St in Commotis funiliter. Et ft forte petens placitare voluerit de hujufmodi ia Comitatu, tunc fiat ei taler Breve quod vocatur Jufticies.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Precipimus tibi quod justicies A quod just & dilatione reddat B cem turn folidos, quos ei debet, ut dicit, sicut rationabiliter monftrare poterit quod ei. reddere debet, ns amplius inde clam, audiamus pro defedtu Juftitie. Dat. (Sc..

Vel Jic:

Quod reddat ei unum faccum lane precii decern marcarum, quern ei injuste detinet, vel catalla ad va lenciam decern marcarum que ei injuste detinet, ut dicit, sicut rationabiliter monftrare poterit, northeast amplius, (Sc. Dat. (Sc.

Et fiat inde Pone, LI petatur, fub hac forma.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Pone ad peritionem petentis coram Jufticiario, (Sc. tali die loquelam que eft in Comitatu tuo per Breve nostrum inter A & B de debito centum folidorum, quod idem A a pre fato B exigit. Et fummoneas per bonus Summonitores predidtum B quod tunc sit ibi prefato A inde i efponfurus. Et habeas ibi Sum. St hoc Breve, St aliud Breve. Dat. (sc.

Breve de Conventione.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem; Precipe A quod just Sr sine dilatione teneat B conventionem inter eos fatftam de uno mefuagio [cum, Tot.'], decern acris terre, & quinque acris bofei cum pertin. in N. Et nisi fecerit, (Sc. tunc fummoneas predidlum A quod sit, (Sc. oftenfurus, (Sc. Dat. (Sc.

Et fiant Brevia de conventione secundum querimonias contrahentium St diverfitates cafuum, five corarrn Jufticiar. vel in Com. juxta petentium voluntatem. Et fi voluerint in Com. placitare,, fiat eis Breve.' quod vocatur Jufticies, & poftmodum inde poterit fieri Pone, fi petatur.

j?ormt> >

8

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond.

. * i •‘.. • ■ *

Forma Brevis de At tomato.

Rex Vicecomiti falutem. Scias quod A attornavit coram nobis B & C ad lucrandum vcl perdendum in loquela que eft in comitatu tuo per Breve nostrum inter ipsum A petentem 5c D tenentem de uno me fuagio cum pertin. in N. Et ideo tibi mandamus, quod predidtos B & C vel aiterum ipforum, ft ambo intereite non poffunt, loco ipfius A ad hoc recipias. Dat. £sy.

Et eodem modo riant Brevia de attomatis in aliis caftbus, secundum diverfitatis cafuum 8c formas Brevium.

Forma Brevis de Coronatore eligendo.

Rex Viceomiti falutem. Precipimus tibi quod in pleno Com. tuo de affenfu ejusdem Com. eligi facias unum Coronatorem, qui preftito Sacramento prout moris eft, extunc faciat 5c ccnfervet ea que ad officium Coronatoris pertinent in Com. prediblo. Et talem eum eligi facias qui melfus fciat 5c poilit officio illi in tendere. Et nomen ejus Nobis scire facias. Dat. cet

LI ipse infirmetur vel moriatur, vel ob aliquam aliam caufam Officio illi intcndere nequiverit, tunc fiat aliud Breve mutatis mutandis.

• Placitorum quedam habent terminari per Aflifam, quedam per Juratas.

Per Aflifam habent terminari, cum quis feifitus de libero tenemento postea per vim difleifitus petit feu finam sibi reftitui: Et in hoc casu provifum eft Breve de nova difleifina in forma inter alia Brevia ofgina lia Cancellarie fuprafcripta. Similiter de communia pasture, cum quis diffeiiitus de communia pasture fua perfinente ad liberum tenementum suum petit feilinam sibi reftitui, 5c in hoc casu providetur idem Breve de nova difleifina, per mutationes quorundam verborum in forma inter alia Brevia originalia Cancellarie fuprafcripta, in quibus fic eft procedendum.

Primo receptis a querente duobus Plegiis de profequendo Vicecomes faciat eligere duodecim liberos 5c legales homines, C de vifneto ubi tenementum vel paftura exiftit, 5c faciat eos videre tenementum, 5c limiliter pafturam, 8c attachiet diffeifitores, prout continetur in Brevi. Postea, cum parts et Aflifa vene rint coram Jufticiario, queratur a querente, de quo libero tenemento, vel de qua communia pasture que rikir fe difleifiri, 5c secundum ejus querimoniam 5c refponflonem partis adverse procedatur ad captionem Assise, nisi dilfcifitor aliquid fciat dicere quare Aflifa debeat remanere. Et fi Affila faciat pro querente, recuperet querens Scifinam fuam simul cum dampnis taxatis per Aflifam versus difieifitorem, 5c diffeifitor remaneat in misericordia Domini Regis, vel committatur gaole redimendus, fi difleifina fradla fuerit enor jniter 5c VI arn\ata.

Sunt quedam alia Brevia que per Aflifam liabent terminari, videlicet, de Stagno Ievato, proftrato, ex altato; de Eoffato Ievato vel proftrato; Sepe levata vel proftrata; de Via obfcrubla vel ardlata; de Cursu aque diverfo : Et secundum diverfitatem cafuum diverfiricetur Breve originale, que quidem Brevia cum Brevibus de nova difleifina fuperius continentur; 5c eodem modo fleut fupradidhnn eft in Brevi de libero Tenemento 5c de Communia pasture eft procedendum in eifdem.

In fupradidfis Brevibus Afliie nove diffeifine nullum jacet Eflbnium feu Dilatio, fet prima die proceda tur ad jullitiam faciendam.

Aliud eft Breve Affifarum quando aliquis petit Seifinam tenementi, unde anteccltor suus obiit feifitus, videlicet. Pater, Prater, Avunculus aut Avus; in quo casu provifum eft Breve mortis Antccefloris in forma inter cetera Brevia in Rotulo predidlo contenta.

Contingit etiam aliquando quod petitur Seifina Antecefloris, in casu quando anteceftor non obiit feifitus, let suit feifitus die quo habitum Religionis fufeepit, vcl iter perigrinationis arripuit, in quo itinere obiit: Et tunc loco illius claufule, die quo obiit, ponatur, die quo habitum Religionis fufeepit, vel iter peregrinationis, C in quo itinere, cet 11 iter, VIN isto Brevi Antecefloris fic eft procedendum.' ....

Primo inventis Plegiis de profequendo, & eledla Aflifa, 5c vifu facto a Juratoribus, fummoneatur te nens per duos bonos 5c legales Summonitores quod sit coram Jufticiario ad certum diem, C 5c contineat fummonitio quindecim dies ad minus, ad quern diem fi venerit, procedat Jufticiarius in Officio fuo exe quendo. Et'frad diem ilium non venerit, puniatur pro dcfalta lua secundum quod continetur in Lege Wallenfica, scilicet, per tres vaccas vel per precium earundepi, 5c refummoneatur per alios duos sum monitores, fummonitione similiter continente spatium quindecim dierum, fleut predictum eft, ad quem diem, five venerit five non, procedat Jufticiarius ad Officium suum faciendum, nisi fecerit fe effoniari de ultra mare, 5c tunc dabitur ei fpacium quadraginta dierum ut pofiit habere Eb CX Flod. Set caveat sibi qui fe fic effoniaverit, quod fi exiftens intra quatuor maria de ultra mare falfo fe eflbniaverit, 5c super hoc convincatur per bonam probationem vel per bonam Inquifitionem, puniatur tanquam pro dcfalta, primo per misericordiam quod continetur in Lege Wallenfica, 5c precludatur ei Via aliquid dicendi contra af iifam, nisi vocare poflit ad Warrantum.

Et feiendum quod nee in Brevi mortis Antecefloris, nee in alio Brevi de placito terre, jacet aliquod eflbnium, nisi tantum eflbnium de ultra marc, 5c hoc antequam tenens vel deforciens apparet in Curia; 5c eflbnium dc fervitio Domini Regis, quod jacet. in omni loco placiti, cum Rex illud warran tizare voluerit. Set caveat sibi quod falfo non faciat le effoniari de fervitio Domini Regis, quia fi deri ciat de Warranto Regis, puniatur pro defalta per misericordiam Domino Regi dandam secundum Legem Wallenficam, 5c versus partem adverfam de expenfis sibi refundendis de ilia jorneta secundum diferetio nem Jufticiarii. 8

APPENDIX. 9

Ex Rot., in 'Tun:. Lond;

In iilis Brevibus mortis Anteceffor; fie eft proccdendum.

Lecftp primo Brevi in quo continetur petitio. Petentis, queratur a Deforciente, ft quid fciat dicere quare Affifa debeat remanere; quod ft nelciat, capiat Jufticiarius 'Affifam per Jura tores qui melius fciant verita tem feeundum forma in Brevis. Et fi Affila tranfeat pro Petente, adjuditetur Petenti feifina cum damp nis taxatis per Juratores, Sc Deforciens remaneat. in rnifericordia Domini Regis.. ^

Multa quidern poteft Deforciens dicere contra Affifam; poteft enim vocare ad Warrantum, Sc tunc ex fpe&andus eft adventus Warranti, quem Jufticiarius faciat venire, primo per imam Summonitionem, & ft necesse sit per Refummonitionem, sicut dictum eft de principali Deforciente, Sc pro defalta puniatur sicut predicfum eft.' Poll Refummonitionem ft noridum venerit, nec fe effoniaverit, procedat Affifa versus eum per defaltam. • Et ft Affifa tranfeat pro Petente, adjudicetur Petenti Seifina rei petite, Sc Deforciens habcat de terra Wapranti ad valentiam. Si vero Warrantus venerit, & petat libi oftendi per quod debeat warrantizare, oportet quod Vocator oftendat cavtam queffaciat mentionem de Warrantia, vel de do no fadfq a Warranto vel Anteceffore fuo cujus heres ipse eft, in quo fiat mentio quod de Feoftatore Sc ejus heredibus tenere debeat; vel quod oftendat qucd Warrantus fit feifitus de homagio fuo pro tene mento petito, quod habet inquiri ft dedicitur, per eos in quorum prefentia dicet fe feciffe homagium simul cum aliis liberis Sc legalibus liominibus juratis; vel quod teneat tenementum illud in excambiuin pro alio tenemento. Si per ilia poterit Deforciens ducere Warrantum fuuin ad warrantizandum remanebit in rnifericordia Regis quia dedixit warrantizare; [Si nichilominus considerabitur quod warrantizet Sc respondeat ad Affifam ft voluerit, ..,, r. -- A.,

Multa alia poteft Deforciens dicere contra Aftifam, videlicet quod Anteceffor de cujus morte, fsy.com mifit feloniam pro qua suit fufpenfus, utlagatus, .vel tanquam publicus latro fugiens & juri non parens de capitatus, vel ft confitens feloniam coram Coronatore Walliam abjuravit.

Poteft etiam Deforciens objicere Petenti Baftardiam, & tunc mandabitur Epifcopo loci, quod rei very tatem super hoc inquirat, & certified inde capitalem Jufticiarium Wallie; & feeundum quod Episcopus certificaverit;, procedetur ad Judicium sine captione Assise. Et ft Episcopus mandet quod Baftardus eft, precludatur ei via petendi; Et ft mandet quod legitimu, § eft, Jufticiarius faciet venire Deforcientem per Summoriitionem, Sc fi necesse sit, per Refummonitionem, refervata Regi rnifericordia pro defalta ut fepe dictum eft. Post Refummonitionem, five venerit five non, recuperabit Petens demandam fuam per testimonium Episcopi,, testimonio non creditor in contrarium, & remanebit in misericordia Regis.

Multa alia poteft dicere deforciens que difficile effet enumeiare, sicut, Anteceflpr de cujus morte Affifa arrainiata eft suit villanus, & terram tenuit in villenagio, vel quod tenuit ad voluntatem, vel ad terminum vite, vel annorum; in quibus cafibus Affifa mortis Antecefforis nonjacet.

Non debent autem fupradicte Assise nove diffeifine Sc mortis Antecefforis capi, nisi in propriis Com. northeast patria laboribus Sc expenfis fatigetur, fet per Jufticiarium capiantur Assise bis, ter, vel quater in anno.

Dictum eft in parte de Brevibus Affifarum, Sc de proceffu eorundem; modo dicendum eft de Placitis que terminari habent per Inquifitiones feu per Juratas '; quorum quedam sunt de rebus immobilibus, sicut de Tenementis; live de inobilibus, sicut de debitis & catallis; quedam de utrifque; quedam de trans greffionibus. Set primo de Tenementis Sc Immobilibus aliquid eft dicendum, de quibus provifum eft Breve, cujus forma inter cetera Breyia partium illarum continetur.

Proceffus iftius Brevis eft tabs.

Primo inventis Plegiis de profequendo, Vicecomes faciet fummoneri per bonos .Snmmonitores tenen tem quod sit ad certum diem, ad quem fi non venerit, - fiat alia fummonitio ad alium diem: Et fi ad fie cundum diem non venerit, fummoneatur quod sit ad tertium diem, ad quem fi non venerit, nec fe effo niari feeeritj adjiidicabitur petenti feifina per defaltam, .& Deforciens remanebit in rnifericordia Regis, refervata nichilominus rnifericordia Rcgi pro qualibet defalta, ut predidtum eft.

Cum vero Deforciens comparuerit, quia per verba Brevis non poteft feiri petitio Petentis, co quod multe & quasi infinite font rationes petendi, necesse habet ille qui petit, quod narret versus Deforcientem, & exprimat rationem petitionis sue & per verba, veritatem continentia, sine calumpnia verbo rum, non obfervata ilia dura confuetudine, Qui cadit a fyllaba, cadit a tota causa.

.De rationibus petendi quales sint & debeanr, expedit quod aliquid sup brevitate dicatur.

Multotiens habet Petens jus per hoc, quod Anteceffor suus tenuit terram petitam, & suit inde feifitus ut de jure Sc de feodo, C tunc necesse; habet Petens narrare defeenfum parentele defeendendo ad ipsum.

Contingit etiam quod aliquis dimittit terrain [fuain Tot. & al. j ad terminum vite vel annorum, post quem terminum ad ipsum. vel ad heredes fuos terra debet reverti; vel etiam debet ad ipsum reverti poll mortem mulieris tenentis in dote, vel tanquam efehaeta post mortem tenentis lui Baftardi, qui alium non poteft habere heredem nisi de corpore fuo legitime procreatum; vel poll mortem tenentis fui Felonis: In quatuor cufibus predidtis, vel post mortem alicujus, debet terra remanere alii per formant donationis. In liiis cafibus Sc fimilibus exprimat Petens petitionem fuam secundum cafum suum, Sc in cafibus illis Sc conlimilibus quibus utendum eft Brevi prediefo, illo & non alio utatur. Sc. audita ratione Petentis, habeat Tenens visum terre, fi petat, Sc detur dies intra quem fiat VI lus. Et ad diem datum post visum respondeat Deforciens, qui vocare poterit ad Warrantum per auxi lium Curie, sicut dictum eft in Brevi mortis Antecefforis. Et Jufticiarius faciat venire Warrantum flnt venire fecit principalem per unam Summonitionem, Sc fi necesse sit, per fecundam Sc tertiam, ac! quem fi non venerit, puniatur tamen pro qualibet defalta, ut predictum eft. Sc adjudicabitur Petenti feifina rei petite per defaltam Warranti, Sc Deforciens habeat de terra Warranti ad valentiam, Sc Warrantus sit in rnifericordia. Si Warrantus venerit, & gratis warrantizaverit, recipietur ad refponlionem Sc placiti de fenlionem fine vifu terre habendo. Si autem warrantizare dedixerit, deducatur placitum de Warrantia

APPEND. C inter

10

APPENDIX.

Ex. Rot. in Turr. Lorid.

inter eos secundum quod didtum eft supra in Brevi [mortis Tot. is? at.] Anteceflbris. Si autem Deforciens excipiat contra petentem, quod Anteceflor suus cujus feifinam petit, vel aliquis in defcendendo, fuerit Baftardus, ita quod ab ipso vel per modum ipfius nichil poteft 'ei defcendere, audiatur'; vel oftendat car -- tam Anteceflbris fui de Feoffamento, vel alicujus in defcendendo de quieta ' clamantia; & per unius partis affirmationem & alterius negationem descendant parts ad legalem Inquifitionem, '& per veredidtum In -- quifitionis terminetur placitum; quia placita de terris in partibus iftis non habent terminari per Duellum, neque per magnam Affifam. Eodem modo, ft excipiat quod Anteceflor vel aliquis in defcendendo com milit Feloniam, per quod sibi non competit adtio; in quo casu fi ille cui hoc opponitur neget, potius ha bet negoiium terminari per Recordum Jufticiarii, vel Inquifltionem patrie de fufpenfione, & etiam per Recordum Coronatorum de utlagaria & abjuratione. Similiter in petitione Tencmenti quod debet reverti poll terminum preteritum, vel per modum donationis, per affirmationem unius partis be per negationem alterius defeendatur ad Inquifltionem patrie, be per yeredidtum ejus judicetur.

De'alio Articulo, scilicet, de mobilibus, debitis five catallis, eft dicendum, super quo provifum eft Breve de debito in forma preferipta. '• •! b' ' % ' -' • • <

hoc Brevi fie eft procedendum. * • ' •. '' '

Printo inventis plegiis de profequendo, fummoneatur debitor five reus quod sit coram Jufticiario ad certum diem, ad quern fi non venerit, iterum fummoneatur, be fi ad secundum diem non Venerit, nec fe cironiaverit, adjudicetur Petenti debitum per defaltam, simul cum dampnis per diferetionem Jufticiarii, vel per. Inquifitionen patrie, pro voluntate Jufticiarii, be Debitor remaneat in misericordia Regis, refer ' vata Regi semper misericordia pro qualibet defalta. Si vero Debitor venerit, necesse habet Actor expri mere petitionem, et rationem sue petitionis, videlicet, quod tenetur ei in centumr marcis, quas sibi ac commodavit, cujus folutionis, dies preteriit, vel pro terra, vel pro equo, vel pro aliis rebus feu catallis qui bufeunque sibi venditis, vel pro arreragiis, redditus non provenientis de tenementis, vel de aliis con tradtibus, super quibus needle habet producere fedlam vel cartam obligationis, vel talliam oftendere. Audita & intelledta petitione & etiam ratione Petentis, respondeat Debitor, qui fi debitum recognofcat, adjudicetur & levetur de terris & catallis, is?c. Si neget debitum, & proferatur contra eum obligatio fua, oportet feriptum verificari per testes nominatos in obligatione, fl sint fuperftites, simul cum patria. Et fi non sint testes nominati, vel fi fuerint mortui, verificetur folummodo per patriam, & secundum verediclum patrie procedatur ad judicium. si'verb querens non habeat obligationem, fet tantummodo producat fedlam vel talliam, poterit pars adveirfa defendere [al. oftendete, Tot. it? «/.] fe ei in nullo teneri, & hoc defendere per legem, scilicet per proprium Sacramentum cum undecim feciim jurantibus, vel per patriam, prout eligere voluerit..

Contingit aliquando quod debitor confitetur quod aliquando debuit ei debitum, & ailegat folutionem; tunc oportet oftendere acquietantiam de foludone, vel poterit Pctens defendere per legem fe nichil rece pifle, vel etiam per patriam, C > - ' •-

Breve de debito non concedatur de minori fumml quam quadraginta folidis, quia de minori debito placitant in Gomitatu sine Brevi & per Breve. r, - \ -

De tertio articulo in quo provifum eft Breve de conventione, per quod p.etuntur aliquando mobilia, aliquando immobilia, per vim conventionis inite inter parts, que legi derogat, in forma in loco prenotato confcripta.

Proceflus iftius Brevis talis eft.

Inventis primo Plegiis de profequendo, fummonebitur Reus semel & necesse sit, secundo; & fi ad fecundam fummonitionem non venerit, nec fe effoniaverit, audiatur pefitio & ratio Petentis, & capiatur res petita, fi fit tenementum, in manum Regis; & fi fuerit catallum, illud vel ejus valour capiatur in ma num Regis, & detur alius dies; & fi infra quindecim dies replegiaverit rem ficin manum Regis captain & diem sibi datam venerit, admittatur ad refponfionem & defenfionem : Sin autem, adjudicetur Petenti fua petitio per defaltam, simul cum dampnis taxatis, iicut supra dicitur in Brevi de debito, & remaneat in misericordia Regis, salva semper Regi misericordia pro defalta, ut predicitur. Audita querimonia Querentis, & ratione sue petitionis, respondeat Defendens, & per affirmationem unius partis & negationem alterius procedi poterit ad Inquifltionem, & per Inquifltionem patrie poterit negotium terminari.. ■ f r *

Et feiendum eft, quod per Breve de conventione aliquando petitur liberum tenementum, ut in casu' quando aliquis dimittit terrain alteri reddendo inde quandam certam firmam, appofita conditione in Scripto conventionis, quod nisi ei fuerit fatisfadtum de firma, liceat ei terram quam dimifit ingredi et tenere. Si ille cui terra fuerit dimifia, non fatisfecerit de firma; & ille qui dimifit, non habeat potestatem secundum tenorem feripti fui ingrediendi terram quam'dimifit propter potentiam fui Adverfarii; in hoc casu per Breve de conventione recuperare debet tenementum simul cum dampnis.

Aliquando cum conveniat inter aliquos quod unus feoifabit alium de aliquo tenemenfo, & ad certum diem ei feifinam faciet, fi poltmodum tranftulerit illud tenementum in tertiam personam ipfam feoffan do, cum non poterit illud feoftamentum per priorem contraftum ad effedlum non perdufium infirmari, non poterit in isto casu cuisit injuria, per Breve de conventione fubveniri, nisi in hoc tantum ut fatisfiat ei de dampnis in pecunia. Et ficin casu competit actio petendi tenementum per Breve de conventione, & in casu pecuniam feu dampna fine tenemento.

Et quia infiniti sunt contvadtus conventionum, difficile eflet faeere mentionem de quolibet in fpeciali,. fet secundum naturam cujuftibet conventionis per affirmationem unius partis & negationem alterius, aut pervenietur ad Inquifltionem faciendam super fabto negotii, aut pervenietur ad cognitionem Scriptorum in judicio prolatorum, & secundum illani cognitionem erit judicandum; aut negabuntur Scripta, be g tunc

II

APPENDIX.

Ex' rot. 'in Turr. Lond.

tunc pervenietur ad inquirendum de confedkone Scriptorum per testes in Scriptis nominates, fi fuerint simul cum patria; quod fi testes non fuerint nominati, vel etiam mortui, tunc folummodo per patriam.

De quarto Articulo, ' videlicet, de Tranfgreflionibus perfonalibus, de quibus provifum eft quod omnes Tranlgrelfiones, unde dampna non excedunt quadraginta folidos, placitentur coram Vicecomite in comi tatu fine.brevi per Vadios & Plegios : Tranlgrefllones que excedunt fummam quadraginta folidorum, placitentur coram Jufticiario Wallie fub hac forma.; ■

Quod antiquam Jufticiarius eum aiidiat, juret Querens quod aflio fua excedat fummam al. valorem, Tot. fs rf/.j quadraginta folidorum, & hoc fadto, & Plegiis inventis de profequendo, precipitat Jufticiarius Vicecomiti yel Ballivo loci, quod in brevi termino faciat venire coram eo eum de quo fit querimoriia, & audita querimonia Adtoris, respondeat Reus; & cum vix in placito tranfgreflionis evadere potent Reus quin defendat fe per patriam, de confenfu partium inquirat veritatem Jufticiarius per bonam patriam, & inquifita veritate, fi invenerit Reum culpabiletn, caftiget eum per Prifonam vel per Redemptionem, vel per Misericordiam & Dampna Lefo reftituenda secundum qualitatem & quantitatem delicti, ita quod caftigatio ilia sit aliis in exemplum, & timorem prebeat delinquendi. Et quia didtum eft supra de confenfu partium, cohtingere poterit quod Reus refutabit Inquifitionem patrie; in quo casu fi Actor tranfgreftionem' iibi fadtam offerat verificare per patriam, & Reus patriam refutaverit, habeatur pro convicto, & pnnitaur sicut fi convictus^eflet per patriam. • : '

Et quia Mulieres non extiterant dotate hadtenus in wallia, Rex concedit quod dotentur. Duplex eft dos mulieris : Una eft, assignatio tertie partis totius terre que suit viri fui in vita fua, super quo fiat Breve de rationabili dote alibi in fuo loco cum ceteris Brevibus Wall, expreflum.

Proceflus iftius Brevis eft talis.

Inventis Plegiis de profequendb, fummoneatur Deforciens quod sit ad certum diem, ad quem fi non venerit, iterum fummoneatur, ad quem diem fi non venerit, adjudicetur mulieri dos lua; scilicet tertia

fiars, V simul cum dampnis, C Si vero Defendens venerit, admittatur ad refponfionem fine vifu terre tabendo, & formata petitionc .mulieris, dicatur t.enenti quod respondeat fi fciat aliquid dicere quare ipsa dotem habere non debeat: qui fi nichil fciat dicere, recuperet mulier ut supra.

Si forte objiciat quod non debeat dotem habere, eo quod numquam suit tali quem'ipfa vocat virum legitimo matrimonio copulata; tunc mandabitur Epifcopo, quod super hoc inquirat veritatem, & inquifita veritate, certified Jufticiario Wallie, & secundum certificationem Episcopi procedatur ad judicium in hac forma.

Si Episcopus certified quod non suit uxor legitima,, preclufa erit ei via habendi dotem: Si certificet quod suit uxor legitima, fummoneatur Tenens quod sit ad certum diem auditurus judicium suum, ad quem diem fi non venerit, iterum fummoneatur quod sit ad alium diem, ad quem diem five venerit five non, nullo eflbnio allocato, recuperabit Mulier dotem fuam & dampna, & Tenens in misericordia, salva Regi Temper misericordia pro defaltis.

Si vero objiciat quod non debeat dotem habere, eo quod vir suus die quo earn defponfavit, nec unquam • postea tenuit tenementum unde petit dotem in feodo, ita ut earn inde dotare potuit, hujus rei veritas per patriam folummodo eft'inquirenda, & per veredictum patrie ad judicium erit procedendum.

Si objiciatur ei quod nhn debet dotem habere eo quod vir suus commifit feloniam, tunefi conftiterit de felonia, dotem non recuperabit. • ■ < ' i

Similiter fi objiciatur ei quod vir suus amifit terram de qua petit dotem per judicium, ut islam in quam jus non habuit; hoc convidtoper rccordum Jufticiariorum fi dedicatur coram quibus terra ilia suit amifia, vel per patriam fi in Comitatu vel minori Curia suit amifia, preclufa erit sibi via de dote habenda.

Alia dos eft quando filius dotat uxorein fuam de voluntate patris fui, forma cujus Brevis inter cetera invenietur, cujus proceflus talis eft.

Summoneatur Deforciens iicut in alio Brevi de dote, & eodem modo puniatur contnmacia sicut in alio Brevi de dote. Si vero ad diem sibi datum venerit, tunc formata petitionc Mulieris, respondeat, C •fi dedicatur dotatio fadia in didta forma, & consensus dotationis, convinci poterit per patriam, quod vir dotavit earn ad hoftium Ecclefie de tenemento patris fui, & quod pater perfonaliter vel per fpecialem nuncium ad hoc miflum confenfit illi dotationi, recuperabit Mulier dotem & dampna.

Sciendum eft etiam quod in utroque Brevi poteft Tenens vocare ad warrantum per auxilium Curie, & procedetur in placito warrantie sicut prcdidlum eft.

Set eft differentia in casu isto de Dote & in casu fuperius per Precipe, ubi terminatur modus pro cedendi in warrantia, quia ibi in illo casu Patens f mper recuperat rem petitam, & Tenens de terra var ranti ad valenciam. In casu de Dote alio modo eft quod Tenens tenebit in pace, & Mulier habebit de terra warranted valenciam Dotis petite, dum tamen Tenens habeat de terra viri fui ad valenciam, unde ' hoc fieri posit, alias vero non.

De modo Dotis aliter aflignande nichil ad prefens.

Quia aliter ufitatum eft in Wallia quam in Anglia quoad fucceflionem hereditatis, eo quod hereditas partibilis eft inter heredes mafculos, & a tempore cujus non extitit memoria partibilis extitit, Dominus Rex non vult quod consuetudo ilia abrogetur, fet quod hereditates remaneant partibiles inter confimiles heredes, sicut efle confueverunt, & fiat partitio hereditatis illius sicut fieri confuevit, hoc excepto, quod Baftardi non habeant de cetero hereditates, & etiam quod non habeant decetero propartes cum legitimis nec sine legitimis.

Et fi forte hereditas aliqua extunc pro defeclu heredis mafeuli defeendat ad legitimas Mulieres heredes ultimi Antecefforis fui inde feifiti, volumus de gratia nostra fpeciali quod eedem Mulieres legitime hac

z beant

APPENDIX.,

Ex Rot., in Eurr. Lond,

beaut propartes fuas inde sibi in Curia nostra aftignandas, licet hoc sit contra corifuetudinem wallen licaun antea ulitatam. >, •.

Et quia Wallenfes Nobis fupplicarunt, ut eis conccdamus, quod de rebus fuis immobilibus, velutr de icrris & tenementis, inquiratur veritas per bonos & legales homines de vifnetp de confenfu partium eleetos; b de mobilibus, sicut de contractibus, debitis, fidejuffionibus, conventionibus, tranfgreflioni bus, catallis, b omnibus aliis hujufmodi mobilibus, uti poffint Lege. Wallenfica, qua uti conluevenmt, que tabs erat, Quod ft aliquis conquercrctur de alio de contracftibus vel fadtis in tali loco, quod posset intentia Querentis probari per videntes b audientes.; cum Qucrens per hujufmodj testes, quorum testi mpnium reprobari non posit, probaverit intentionem fuamj rccupcraret rem petitam, & condempr liareter pars adverfa : Et in aliis que non poffent. probari per videntes b audientes, diet pars defendens aci purgationem fuam, aliquando cum pluribus, aliquando cum paucioribus, secundum qualitatem b. quantitatem rei vel fadli; b in furto, LI furtum inveniatur in manu, fe purgare non posset, fet pro con vidto haberetur :

Nos pro communi pace b quiete predidli Populi nostri Terre nostre Wallie Premiffa eis concedi mus : lta tamen quod ea in furtis,. latrocini.is, incendiis, murdris, homicidiis, b roberiis manifeftis b notoriis locum non habeant, nec ad. ea aliquatenus fe extendant: in quibus volumus quod utantur Le.. gibus Anglie, prout fuperius eft expreffum.

Et ideo vobis mandamus, quod rremiffa de cetero in omnibus firmiter obfervetis. Ita tamen quod quotienfeunque b quandocunque b ubicunque Nobis placuerit, polfimus predidta Statuta &, eorum parts lingulas dcclarare, interpretari, ■ addere five diminuere, pro nostre libito voluntatis, & proujt fe curitati nostre & Terre nostre predidte viderimus expedire.

In cujus rei testimonium Prefentibus Sigillum nostrum eft appenfum. Dat. apud Rothelanum. die Dominica in medio Quadrageiime, Anno Regni nostri: Duodecimo.

i

Statuta Chitatis LONDON' edit a apud Weftm' Anno 13 Edw. D

reg/s, Stat. a

1 j y •' Ex Rotin Eurr. Lond. m. 42. in' Schedula. •»

'• " I • i ' • .*1 '

CE S font les articles le queus notre 'Seignur le Rey comaunde qe bien feient gardez en fa Citee de loundrcs pur fa pes garder. Primerement pur ceo qe multz des mals com des murdres robberyes e homycides ont este ietz ca en arrere deinz la Citee de nuyt e de jour e gentz batues e mal tretes e autres diverses aventures de mal avenuz encontre fa pes defendu eft qe nul feit ft hardi eftre trove alaunt northeast batraunt parmy les ruwes de la Citee apres coeverfu parfone a feint Martyn le grant a efpey northeast a bokuyler northeast a autre arm pur, mal fere northeast dount mal fufpecion poet vienir northeast en autre manner nule fil northeast feit grant seignur ou altre prodome de bone conyffaunce ou four certeyn message qe de else ferra garaunty qe vount la una lautre par conduyt de lumerc. E ft nul feit trove alant encontre la fourme: avantdite ou qe il feit enchefon de tart venir en vyle feit pris par les gardeyns de la pes b feit mys en le tonella quel pur tiels meffefours eft assignee lendemeyn feit amene e present devant le gardevn ou le meyre de la Citee qe pur tens ferra e devant les aldermans e folong ceo qe il troveront qil eit tref pass e a ceo feit couftumers feit puny. E pur ceo qe tiels meffefours avauntditz alaunt nuitauntre communalment ont lour recet e lour covynes e font lour mavyeyfes purparlances en taverne plus qe ailliours e lilloekes querent umbrage attendant e geitant lor tens de mal fere defendu eft qe nul northeast. tiegne taverne overte de win de cerveyfe apres le coeverfu avantdit parfone mes qe il tiegne fa taverne close apres cel houre e nul leiuz bevaunt northeast receitant northeast en fa mefoun hors de communes ta vernes nul northeast recette pur quy il northeast voillu eftre refpoignant a: la pes 1c rey. E ft nul taverner feit trova qe autrement face primerement feit degage par foen hanap de la taverne ou par altre bon gauge leinz trove e feit amercye a quaraunte deniers e LI altre fiez feit trove qe ceo faceo feit amercye a demy mark e a la tierce iicz a dvz fouz e a la quarte fiez paie tute la. peyne double cell afaver vynt fouz e la quynte fiez feit fors jugge del meftier pur toutz jours. Enfement pur cco qe fous qe fei delitent a mal fere vount aprendre efkirmye de bokyler e de ceo plus fei abaudiffent de fere lour tolyes purveu eft e defendu qe nul northeast tiegne efkole northeast aprife de efkirmye de bokyler de deinz la Citee de nuyt northeast de jour e ft nul le. faceo eit la prison de XL jours. E pur ceo qe mals felours pur trefpus com de bateryes sane efpaundu e autres malfetz encontre la pes nostre seignur 1c Rey e par mal fufpecioun pris e areftutz fovent fons delivres par trop legiere manner par quey autres ineyns doutantz tiels punyffe mentz fei abaudiffent cn lour folyes e en fovent mefprendre encountre la pes par veiaunce de tide eyfe deliveraunce purveu eft qe nul en tide manner eiiprisone feit delivres par vifeounte northeast par mynyftre de south ly sanz agard del gardeyn ou del meyre qe pur tens ferra e de les aldermans ft le trespass northeast feit mult petit e adunqs feit prise bone meyn prise e follempne e des gentz juftizables a les bayilifs de la Citee qil feit.devant le dit gardeyn nu meyre e les aldermans a certcyn jour a receyvre agard e juggement folong foen trespass. Derichicf purveu eft qe chefcun alderman en foen gardemot ententive. ment enquerge de tiel meffefours repeirantz e demorantz en la guard e ft nuls tiels feient trovez par prefentement ou enditement des bones gentz de la guard ou de male fufpetioun tantoft feient attachez.

par

1 This Statute ivai jirji printed in Mr. Sergeant hawkins's Edition.

13

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot., in Turr. Lond.

par lour cors e veignent devant le gardeyn ou meyre e les aldermans e feient arefonez de ceo dont il font enditcz ou four eus prefentez e eels qe aquiter northeast fei poent feient punyz par emprisonement ou autre punyffement par lour difcredon e folong ceo qe le trespass demaunde.

E pur ceo qe akunes gent foent repeirantz en la Citee acuns dcs terres de outre mer e acuns de la terre meifmes e illoefkes querent umbrage e refu pur bannyflement hors de lour pays ou pur grant trespass ou autre forfet fei font de lour pays aloignez e des tiels les uns fei font abroceurs hoftillurs e her' berjours denz la Citee des privez e des estranges fi avant com il fuyffeient bons e leals de la franchise de la Citee e les uns riens northeast font fors qe aler fus e jus parmy les ruwes plus de nuyt qe de jour e font bien atirez com de vesture e munture e fei font pellre de delicioufes vyaundes e couftoufes northeast il northeast font meftier northeast marchaundife nule northeast terres northeast tenementz northeast ount de quei vivre northeast amy qe les trove e des tiels avenent multz des perils en la Citee fovent e multz des mass les uns ont aperte mauveytez ■ font trovez com des roberyes e brufures des mefons de nuytz murdres e autres mals purveu eft qe nul de strange terre northeast altre dont qe il fe it northeast feit refeant herberjour northeast hoftiler denz la Citee fil northeast feit franc home de la Citee receue a form devant le gardeyn ou meyre e les aldermans com bon home e leal e qe il eit bone tefmoignance del luy dont il ferra venu qe il feit bien e lealment departy e trove faufs plegges juftizables a les bavllifs de la Citee deftre refpoignant a la pes le Reye les citeyns e la Citee garder sanz dammage. Northeast nul abrocour northeast feit denz' la Citee forceaus qe foent receuz e jures devant le gardeyn ou meyre e aldermans. E touz ceus qe font herberjours hoftiliers e abrocours eiv la Citee encontre la fourme avantdite del jour qe ces articles ferront lus e pubbliez denz la Citee delks a' un moys fei demettent e retreient qe mes northeast le facent e ft nul feit trove qe le faceo apres la dill meys ou altre de quy len eit male fufpecioun par foen mauveys port com par mauveyfc c'oriipaignye ou par bone tefmoignance del vyfne tantoft feit areftu par foen cors par le gardeyn ou meyre ou les vifcontes ou par alderman en qui guard il ferra trove e folong ceo qe il ferra trove contravenannt la fourme avant -- dite ou en altre trespass fient punyz ceftafaver les herberjours e hoftiliers e abrocours feient noun receivables a la franchise pur tutz jourz e a la prisone ajuggez e les altres feient punyz par enprisonement ou en altre manner' felong ceo qe le trespass demaunde. Le Rey qe veut la pes de fa Citee eftre bien guard entre tutes gentz ad entendu qe ces diftz articles northeast font poynt tenuz northeast eftre northeast poent pur ceo qe fes mynyftres (ovent ou ceste enquerelez e grevement punyz devant les avotours des pleyntes e ailliours en fa court pur enprisonementz e altres punyltementz de meffefours e de fufpecionous de mal pur ceo qe il northeast eurent de Rey garaunt a ceo fere dont les diftz mynyftres oucefte e sunt meyns ofez a chaftier e punir les trefpaffours e par tant fei abaudiflent de meffere e donna as altres enfaumple demauveyfte a grant peril' de la Citee a grant nurture des meffefours veut e comande qe deformes nul de fes mynyftres feit enque rele devant fes auditours des pleintes northeast aillours en fa court pur nul enprisonement ou altre punyffement' de meffeffours ou fufpecionous de mal Irens northeast feit qe mynyftre le face par aperte malice e fa proper" venjauncerou par venjaunce de autri qe par malice le protrire e northeast mys pur la guard de fa pes. E le Rey ceftes purveaunces e ajouftementz veut qe en lavantdite Citee feient bien e fauvement gardez pur fa pes meyntenir ove les amendementz quant il II plerra mettre pur le proffift de fa Citee.

Forma conceffionis et exemplificationis Cartarum. Anno Edw. I; Stat. 6.®

Clattfe 13 Edw. I .membrane, 7. in Cedula.

supplicabant Domino Regi in Parliamento fuo apud Weftm. post Pasch. anno regni fui XIII plures de regno fuo, tarn Prelati, viri religiolt, Sc alie Person Ecclefiaftice, quam Comites, Sc Barones, Sc cetera person feculares feu laice, ut idem Dominus' Rex Cartas a progenitor!bus fuis Regibus Angl. ve! ab aliis conceffas prcdecefloribus feu antecefloribus ipfarum personarum, eis de; fua gratia con firmaret, unde idem Dominus Rex habito super hoc cum fuo consilio tradlatu, conceffit quod confirma tiones Cartarum illarum fiant fub formis fubferiptis.

Carta confirmationis libertatum fub hac forma. f.dwardus, Gfc. Infpeximus Cartam donationis, con ccffionis, vel confirmationis, quam Dominus Hen. Rex pater noster, vel talis progenitor noster, avus vel proavus, vel talis antcceffor noster, vel alius, fecit in hec verba, vel fecit tali in hec verba, Henr. vel talis anteceffor, vel predecessor, C ■ Carta confirmanda de verho ad verbum, fine additione, mutatione, tranfmutatione, vel'aliqua diminutione, feribatur. Et in fine fie.' Nos autem prediflam con ceflionem> vel prediccas concefliones, ratas habentes & gratas, earn vel eas, pro nobis, Sc heredibus noftris, prediclo tali, & heredibus fuis, vel tali, & fucceiforibus fuis, concedimus & confirmamus ficuf ipse talis Sc pradecelfores feu anteedfores fui, libertatibus illis hucufque just Sc rationabiliter ufi sunt, Hiis teftibus, is'e. vel In cujus, c.

Si autem Carta confirmationis doni, de terr. five de ten.' dato a Rege'vel ab alio, tunc fici Infpeximus, C sicut prius. Et in fine fie. Nos autem prediffas' donationem Sc conceffioncm ratas habentes • & gratas, cas pro nobis Sc heredibus noftris, tali & heredibus fuis, vel tali & fucceiforibus fuis, concedimus Sc confirmamus, sicut Cart predidle just & teftantur. Hiis teftibus, csv.

Si autem in Carta confirmanda contineantur utraque,. scilicet, concefiio libertatum, & donum de ten. a ■ predecefioribus noftris feu aliis, tunc fub hac forma. Edwardus, fs'c. Infpeximus Cartam quam talis predecessor vel anteceffor noster fecit tali, de tali terr. vel de talibus ten. de libertatibus fubferiptis, in hec

verba.

8 First printed in the Appendix to Mr. Sergeant hawkinsv Edition,

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Tur, \ Lond.

verba. Et tunc in fine confirmationis illius fiat mentio de utrifque fic. Nos autem predictas donationes oc conceltiones ratas habentes b gratas, eas pro nobis & heredibus noftris, tali b hercdibus fuis, vel tali b fuccefibribus fuis concedimus b confirmamus, sicut predicta Carta, vel predidie Cart, tabs pre dccefioris, vel anteceftoris nostri, de tali terr. vel de talibus ten. b lie'llt Carta vel Cart ejusdem vel eorundem, de predidtis libertatibus quibus ipse & feu anteccflbres fui, hucufque rationabi litre uli sunt, jufie b rationabiliter teftantur.

Si autem Carta vel Cart, alterius vel aliorum, de novo dono & nova conceflione, dc terr. five de tene mentis petatur confirmari, tunc fic. Edvvardus, C Infpeximus Cartam tails vel talium, C in hec verba. Nos autem predibtas donationes b conceltiones ratas habentes & gratas, eas pro nobis & here dibus noftris, salvo jure noftro & jure cujufiibet, concedimus & confirmamus, sicut Carta vel Cart predidie rationabiliter tefiantur. Hiis teftibus, vel In cujus, sv.

Et fi contingat quod poll hujufmodi confirmationes oriatur dubitatio utrum articulus vel articuli in Carta contentus vel contend plene fuerit vel fuerint ufitatus vel ufitati, vel non, tunc cum deventum iuerit ad islam dubitationem, fiat difeuffio coram Thefaurario & Baronibus de Scaccario de ufu articuli vel articu loruin, de quo vel quibus orta fuerit dubitatio. Et ad iftam difculfionem faciendam allbcient sibi thefau rarios b Barones Jufticiarios de utroque Banco & omnes alios Jufticiarios quos tunc London, prefentes este contigerit. Ita tamen quod fi abfentes fuerint Jufliciarii de Banco Regis, & forte abfens fuerit aliquis justiciarius de alio Banco, vel aliquis de Baronibus predidlis, non propter hoc remaneant ilia facienda, fet Thefaurarius b ceteri Barones, affumptis secum Jufticiariis tunc ibi prelentibus, procedant ad dif cullionem islam faciendam, b determinetur per eos, ut de illo articulo vel de illis articulis per ufum vel abufum eorum quid debeat impofterum oblervari. Et fi quis petat alterius fadtum vel donum per do minum Regem confirmari, primo videndum eft utrum donatio, vel conceflio, vel fadtum, vel donum, fit novum, vel antiquum a Rege confirmatum; & fi fit novum, differatur confirmatio quousque con -- ftiterit Domino Regi quod jus non habeat in ten. per alium Datum.

STATU. TUM EXONIE, 14 Edw. I. a

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

purveu eft & ordene qe les enquerrours maundent al Viscounte del lieu qil face venir au certein jour & en certein lieu qe maunde lui eft per les avaunt dites enquerrours les Baillifs de touz les fraunchifes qe fount b quount este baillifs ou bedels fils soient en vie del temps qe P. de T. fuift Coron' nostre Seignur lc Roi en tieles Countees b ceo salt a entendre touz les Baillifs b bedeux qi fount & qc ount este dedeinz la purceinte de la baillie b appurtenaunt a oelui Coron' de qi ils pren drount lenqueft ou touz fes roules de tout son temps de quel il fuift Coron' nostre S' le Roi & touz fes Clercs qen vie fount b les enquerrours maintenant mettent lour seals fur touz les roules lavauntdit Coroner & lauvement les enfealent b les rebaillent au Coron' qil les eit pressed quele houre qe Justices en Eire viegnent fair en cele Countee ou qe le Roi ordeine de cele chose autrement. Et fi le Coroner soit raort soit salt en mefme la manner a son' Heire del temps son Peire iflint qe le Coroner ou son Heire northeast lour Clercs puifie forger lour roules encountre la venue des Justices nautrement qe soit encountre les pointz de la Corone b en prejudice du Roi b a damage du poeple & en arerifiement de droit come avaunt ces heures ount salt.

Et apres facent les avauntnomez enquerrours touz les avauntditz Baillifs jurer qe bien b loialment ferrount ceo qe eux lour chargerount per le Roi b son Counfeil b riens northeast concelerount b puis quapnt ils averont salt ]e_ierement soit chefcun Baillif de Wappn' Hundr' h Fraunchife charge per foi qil eit avaunt les avauntnomez enquerrours au jour & lieu certein qe done lour ferra per eux lour nouns de touz villes demy villes h hamelettes qe fount en son' Wappn' Hundr' & Fraunchife. efeript en roule & a mefme le jour b a mefme le lieu les deliverent fuis as avauntditz enquerrours & apres chargent les avauntditz enquerrours les Baillifs au jour b lieu certein qils ordeinerount facent venir devaunt eux de chefcun ville entiere viij hommes & demy ville VI hommes & de Hamelet iiij homines b de pluis sages b pluis loialx herfpris les Seignurs des villes demy villes Hamelettes avauntnomez per les queux les avauntditz enquerrours puissent ellire la grant enquefte, xij de chefcun Wappen' Hundr' & Fraunchife b villes' qe refpoignent per xij fi en la purceinte avauntdit soient. Et chefcun des avaundtites Villes demy Villes b Hamelettes qils nest mye tauntz des fraunches hommes soient pris de pluis loialx & sages bondes efiuz b qc chefcun eit seal Et adonqes elifent les enquerrours hors de viij vj b de VI iiij b dc iiii II des mcillours A pluis loialx a ceo qils entendrent fi les enchargent per tiel ferement de part le Roi.

Ceo oiez vous A. b B. enquerrours afiignez de per le Roi qe jeo verite dirrai b riens northeast celerol northeast fufferai eftre celee northeast murdre devaunt vous pur promefie northeast pur doun northeast pur tremor northeast pur doubt northeast pur affinite northeast pur amiftee northeast pur amour northeast pur haiour northeast pur autre abettement northeast procurement northeast pur nul .autre riens northeast lerroic qe jeo verite northeast dirroie b prefenteroi a vous de peo qe vous me dirrez & chargerez, en ceft enqueft pur le Roi Si Dieu maide b les feintz a mon efeient de ceo qe foi enquere ou purroi pn nule manner aver.

Ceo

\

8 This and the following Articles are taken from Vet. Stat. secunda pars.

*5

APPENDIX.

Cotton MS.

Ceo ferement ferrount Ville demye Ville Sc Hamelett per foi Sc de mefme cele ferement fi chargent les enquerrours avauntnomez les xij Sc deliverount Sc apres banderount Sc les enquerrours Sc a les Jurez de chefcun ville Sc Hamelet & chefcun Wapent' Hundr' St Fraunchife dedeinz la purceinte avaunt nome St dehors fi - mieftre y soit les Chapiters defiouz efcriptz St les comaunderount de par le Roi qe les franches hommes fur pain defheritefon Sc les bondes fur pain de perpetuel prisone fi riens concelent ou murdriflent pur nulle chose ou pur nul rien de ceo qils fceivent ou en nulle manner enquere purrount a les avantnomez enquerrours e la dufzeine de lour Wapentak' Hundr' St Fraunchife defouz lour seals en la fourme qe les enquerrours dirrount St prefenterount.

En chefcun Ville demye Ville St Hamelet per foi doit eftre endente lour prefentement en la manner de Cyrograf ambedeux les parties Sc lour seals pendauntz St enfeales St lune party liverount a les enquerrours Sc lautre party retenderount vers eux & les banderount fuis a la xij quant ils ferrount jurez quele houre qe les enquerrours lour dirrount iflint qe les xij apres cele prefentement poent eftre mieux certinez de lour verdit devaunt les avauntditz enquerrours quant ils prenderount les enqueftes de eux.

ARTICULI STATUTI EXONIE.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

A Deprimes salt enquere dechefcune Ville demy Ville Sc Hamelet & comandent euxde par le Roi Sc fur lour ferement que loialment prefenterent launz rien celer les aventures racions Sc la manner des mur dres facraburgh Sc felonies faites per qi queux Sc quaunt en terre bois marreis et ewes ou dehors Sc per tout & dedeinz les marches de lour hundreae St de chefcun Ville & demy Ville Hamelet en tout le temps le coroner avantnome primes ti le Coroner en fa person y alaft de fair son office ou autre en son lieu envoia a fair ceo que lui appent de fair : Et ft le list quant des foitz le fist Sc as queux aventures St qe celui feuft qil envoia en son lieu. Et ft le Coroner a chefcun aventure qi] feuft demaunde de venir fair son office vient fair vounteers faunz delaie ou eifoigne a fen poair ou noun ou fi rien de maunda ou son Clerk ou rien prist per iffint qil .fe hafta affair son office ou ft rien targent mar licioufement pur rien avoir puis qil favoit daventure apres ceo qil eftoit demaunde quei quele chose Sc combien Sc per qi main et quaunt des foitz il fefoit. Et fi les chateux as Felons lour arms pur lour avis auxibien come autre gent avant ces heures greindres 011 meindres loialment per les Coroners feuflent pris & a la ville baillez cn guard come eftre deuftent per bone enquefte ou noun prises Sc enrollez. Et le Coron' prist rien pur prendre une faufe procurement de nulluy pur murdre le droit de nulluy ou preifer les chateux meins qe northeast vaillent en prejudice de la Corone & a la perde nostre Seignur le Roi ou as autres ou autrenient faufement enroller fefoit les choses enrollez ou .enrollaft en autre manner qe northeast feuft per lcn quefte dit ou presentee quei Sc quele chose Sc combien pur tieux faufines Sc qaunt des foitz il le prist Sc per qi main. Et fil ou son Clerk prist riens des chateux vers lui puis qils furent preifes a meindre pris qi1 hft enroller en fes rolles qe preifes northeast furent per lenquefte pur defeharger en party a la venue des justices Sc la ou il fe faufement defehargea quei Sc quele chose & ou fi nule appele de rape ou ae tiele chose appendaunt a son office fefoit enroller faufement ou fuffreit eftre murdre per lui ou per autre ou hors tret de fes rolles puis qils furent enrollez ou avaunt northeast voleit le pleinte del pleintif purpoverteou pur haunge receivre en prejudice du Roi Sc de fa Corone et a le pleinte del pleintif ou areriflement del droit dalcuny ou de tiele pleinte pur promefle ou pur doun ou daffinite tremur amour del adverse party fefoit ceste chose eftre murdre ou retret come ell dit ou fi rien prist pur tiele chose quoi Sc combien Sc per qui main.

En mefme la manner ou nul deforemes prifterent ou emporterent des biens au mort de qi corps ils fefoi ent la veu quoi quel chose & des foitz ils le fefoient. Et ft le fist ou fair fefoit loutcs les attache mer.tz appendant a son office en due manner ou noun St fil fefoit nul attacher pur lui grever ou del foen attort avoir en autri noun ou pur autre faufement grever per qi procurement & pur quele chose ou fil a fes collages demeigne sanz rien prendre dautri felonc leftatut fefoit son office ou noun ou fil a nul coun tee rien cela murdre ou procura eftre murdre en grevaunce del appellour ou del appelle ou dautri en prejudice le Roi ou a fa perde pur trernour doubt afhnite amour p omes ou procurement de nully Sc fil le fefoit ou noun a la manner coment Sc per queux Sc pur lower Sc pur quele enchefone Sc quaunt des foitz Sc en quele cas. Et fi touz les attachemeivz appendantz a son office loialment Sc reddement purfuift come fair deuft pur le Roi Sc pur le pleintif ou fi purfuir fefoit ou noun. Et fi les chateux as gentz retretz hors des villes ou ils mainent pur malueis fufpecion de laroun murdre Sc rettement apres ceo quils soient retretz lour chateux Sc lour hommes qi furent trovez dedeinz la purfuite de fa baillie fefoit attacher Sc loialment per bone enquefte preifer Sc felonc lenquefte en fes rolles entrer Sc ala per ville per la ou ceux Liens furent trovez bailler en guard tanque al Eire des Justices come fair ie deuft. Et fi a nul a qi Sc per quele garant Sc quele chose Sc fi appelle ou nul manner de pleinte a lui faite fuftrefit ou fuffrift luflrete ou anien'i ou per lui ou per autre procurement retrere hors des rolles per le pleintif ou per lautre party ou per nulle abbettement ou pur autre chose.

Et fil pur cel faufyne rien prist ou pur tiele murdrefiement quei quele chose Sc combien Sc pur queie cn chefon Sc en quele manner Sc quaunt des foitz. Et fi nul Trefore feuft trove en ie temps le Coroner avauntdit defouz terre ou demount en quele lieu Sc queu manner Sc combien Sc qe trefour Sc en qi mc son ou mains eft ore mys" Sc per qi baillie.

En

16

APPENDIX.

.Cotton MS.

En ccfte manner deivent les enquerrours aler de Wapentak en Wapentak de Hundred en Hundred de fraunchife en fraunchife h en villes refpoignantz per XII fi y soient en la purfuite ou bailiie appurtenant al avantdit Coroner & bailler as Jurours avantditz des avantdiz Villes demy Villes Hamelettes touz les Chapiters avantnomez efcritz per eux celeement counfeilier denquere des avantditz choses.

Et done lour soit jour de quart jour apres eeo qiis averont les Chapiters reeeux a render fuz lour pre fentementz a les avantnomez enquerrours en lieu eertein ovefque lour fealx pendantz a lour present mentz. Et fi mieftr' soit qils event pluis long jour pur eux mieux certifier dene & graunte lour soit per les enquerrours & puis quant les enquerrours averont refeeux vers eux touz lour prefemmentz des Viilesdemy Villes & Hamelettes adonqes lacent venir devant eux XII de ehefcun Wapentak Hundred Fraunchife et Ville refpoignant per XII & felone les pointes des Chapiters avantnomez & en touz autres maneres coment les enquerrours faveront mieux ordeigner soient ehargez.

Et fi aviegne qe les enquerrours trovent faufyne ou concelement per lour entendement en lour en quefles prifas per les dufzeins preignent adonqes fur les XII xxiiii. a touz jours eeux qi fount tenuz pluis sages' &' loialx de tout le Countee & per mefme lc ferement avantnome & per la manner qe les Chapiters soient ehargez.

Et 111 aviegne qe les XII soient atteintz per les xxiiii. soit chefeun per foi per bones mainpernours main prifez davoir lour corps au quele heure qe le Roi maundera.

Et fi le Coron' ou son Clerk ou autre faux proeurour en prejudice de'la Corone soit atteint soit attache h per bones mainpernours inainprife en la manner avantnome & quant les dufzeins rendront fus lour ver clitz & les avantnomez enquerrours retidount enfement a eux touz lour prefentementz qe liverez lour fer ront per les avandites Villes & Hamelettes.

Et quant les enquerrours averont pris les en eelle manner fi eux fealent le verdit de XII & de vint & quatre les queux ils tiegnent pluis veritables defouz lour fealx fi les envoint au Roi per unde les enquerrours fi en tra le Roi remedied juftieement fort & dure de la Coron' & de son Clerk & de touz les autres qi soient atteintz de murdriltement & concelement en prejudice de la Corone ou proeurours de celles .choses per ount Ie Roi ou autre fu perdaunt. Done a Exccftre le XVIII jour de Sept. Ian du regne le Roy Edward xiiii.

Exilium Hugonis le Despenser Fatris et Filii.

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

A L Honour de Dieu & de feinte eglise & de nostre Seignur le Roi & au profit de Jui & de son roialme & a pees & quiete maintenir en son poeple & pur maintenement del eftat de la Corone lui monftrent Prelates Countes & Barouns &: les autres Piers de la terre & comune du roialme eountre Sire Hugh le Despenser le fitz & Sire Hugh le Despenser le Piere qe come le dit Sire Hugh le fitz au parliament de Everwyk feuft nome & afientu deftre enloffiee de Chamberieyn nostre Seignur le Roi de servir en eelle office come affereit au quel parliament fuift auxint afientu qe certeins Prelates & autres graundz du roialme demoerent pres du Roi per feifouns del an pur mieux counfeilier nostre Seignur le Roi faunz queux nulle gross bufoigne northeast fe deveroit fair le dit Sire Hugh le filz attreit a lui Sire Hugh son Piere qi northeast fuift nient afientu northeast acorde en parliament a demurrer enfi pres du Roi & entre eux deux aeroehant a eux roial poair fur le Roi fes Ministres & guyement de son roialme a deftionour du Roi emblemifl'ement de la Corone & deftrutftion du roialme des graundz & du poeple 5c fefoient les malveiftez defouz eferites en compafiant defioigner le coer nostre Seignur le Roi des Piers de la terre pur avoir entre deux foul le governement du roialme.

En primes qc Sire Hugh le Despenser le fitz feuft corouce devers le Roi 5c fur eeo corouce fist une bille fur la quele bille il voleit aver en alliaunce de Sire John Giffard de Brymmesfeld Sire Richard de Grcye & dautres davoir mean le Roi per afpertee a fair la volunte iifint qen lui northeast remift my qil northeast le euft salt La teneure de la bille fenfuit fouzeferit.

"Homage & ferement de ligeaunee eft pluis per refonde la Corone qe per refonde la person le Roi & "pluis fe lie a la Corone qe a la person & piert qavant qe leftat de la Corone soit defeendu nulle "ligeaunee eft a la person regardant. Dount fi le Roi per eas northeast foi mesne per refon en droit de la Co ""les liges fount lies per ferement salt a la Corone de remener le Roi & leftat de la Corone per refon "h autrement northeast ferroit point le ferement tenuz Ore salt a demaundre coment lem doit mener le Roi "ou per feute de leie ou per afperte Per feute de leie northeast lui poet homme pas redrefeer qar il navera pas "ju^es fi ee northeast soit depart le Roi en quele eas fi la volunte le Roi northeast soit accordante a refon fi naveroit "il rorfqe error maintenu & eonferme."

"Dount il eovient. pur le ferement sauver qc quant le Roi northeast voet ehofe redrefeer & ouftier qeft pur le "comune poeple malveis 5c damageous pur la corone a juger eft qe la ehofe soit oufte per afperte qil eft lie ‘c per son ierement de governer son poeple & fes liges & fes liges fount liez de geverner en eide de lui & en "defaut de lui."

8

Vet. stzt.fecu/idafurs.

Et

APPENDIX.

Cotton MS.

Et auxint per lour covyne &: malveiftees mefnerent & mal counfeillerent nofire Seignur le Roi 'fiqe afa presence quel il doit de foil dever monftrer a les graundz Sc a son poeple Sc a les graces & droit queux requcrroint refpoundre northeast le fill point forfqe a la volunte .& a la taille les dites' Sire Hugh & Sire Hugh en oufiantz le Roi de son dever countre son ferement Sc les coers des graundz Sc du poeple de lour Seignur lige.., o.. n ' •'

■auxint mefmes ceux per lour faux covyne northeast foeffront pas les graundz du roialme northeast les bones coun feillers le Roi parler northeast approeher le Roi pur lui bien counfeiller northeast le Roi parler a eux forfqe en la presence & oie les dites Sire Hugh Sc Sire Hugh ou lun deux Sc a lour volunte & felonc lour taille Sc chose qils voillent en rebotant les graundz & les bones counfeillers le Roi de lour bone volunte vers lour Seignur lige Sc acrcchant a eux roial poer Meiftrie Sc fovereinte fur la person le Roi au grant defhonour "Sc peril du Roi Sc de la Corone Sc de son roialme.

Auxint mefmes ceux pur atteindre a lour malveiftes Sc coveftiez a defheritaunce des graundz de la terre Sc CL eft ruction du poeple oufierent bones Sc covenabies Ministres qi furent.mys per assent & autres faux Sc malveis de, lour covine qi northeast foefi'erent droit eftre salt & Viscountes Efchetours Coneftables des Chafteaux Sc autres en les offices du Roi nient covenabies pur le Roi northeast pur le poeple Sc fefoient mettre Justices nient coniflantz en leie de la terre dover Sc terminer les choses touchantz les graundz Sc le poeple au roialme ficome le dit Sire Hugh le piere Sire Rauf de Ballet Sire Rauf Camoys & Sire John Jnge & autres lour alliez & jurez efpecialment Sc per covyne des tieux Ministres Sc lour faux procurours Sc fau tours faufement fefoient enditer per faux Jurours de lour alliaunce les Piers de la terre Celt aflavoir le Conte cle Hereford Mens' — John giffard de Brymfeld Sc Mons' Robert de Mouhaut Sc autres bones gentz pur coveitife davoir lour terres Sc iflint ceo qe deuft eftre a la maintenaunce du pees Sc des bones & punifle tnent des malveis mefnerent a delheritaunce des graundz Sc destruction du poeple.

Auxint faufc inent & malveifement confeiilerent nostre Seignur le Roi daler a Chivalx & as arms vers les parties de Glouceftre Sc lui firent chivaucher Sc fes gentz armez en cedes parties a coure fur fes bones gentz countre la fourme de la grant chartre Sc les garder des Piers de la terre Sc iffint per lour faux et malveis counfeils volent avoir meu guerre en la terre a destruction de feinte eglise e du poeple pur lour querele proper... t

Auxint la ou le Counte de Hereford e le Seignur de Wygemore per comaundement du Roi assignez daler de guerre fur Thlewelyn Bren qi fuift Ieve encountre leroi en Glamorgan taunt come. Jes terres furent en la mein le Roi per la mort le Counte de Glouceftr' le dit Thlewelyn fe rendi a les ditz Seignurs a la volunte le Roi en fa grace Sc ceux Seignurs lui promiftrent bone grace Sc fur tiel condition le reco verent Sc lui livercnt a nostre Seignur le Roi. Et nostre Seignur le Roi en tiele fourme lui receuft & puis tanqe come Ics ditz Seignurs furent hors de la terre les ditz Sire Hugh le fitz Sc Sire Hugh le 'piere qa voient accroche roial poer ficome defuis eft dit prifterent le dit Thlewelyn & lui mefnerent a Kaerdif puis qe Sire Hugh le fitz fuftfeifi illoeqes de fa propartie Sc per lour coveigne empernant jurisdiction la ou null en ceo cas northeast poent per refon avoir & lui firent illoeqes treyner pendrc decoller Sc quartrover felonefte mcnt pur chose faite en temps le Roi & enfi purpernant roial poer Sc jurisdiction qappendoit a la Corone en defheritaunce de la Corone Sc a defhonour de nostre Seignur le Roi Sc des dites Seignurs de Hereford & de Mortimer & en malveis enfaumple Sc grant peril per cas en temps avenir. Et auxint mal counfeil lant nostre Seignur le Roi de prendre en fa main les terres Sc les chateux Sire Hugh Daudele le fitz Sc le forjuggerent des fes terres faunz due proccs felonc leie de la terre per coveitife davoir accroche au dit Sire Hugh le Despenser le fitz celes terres Sc per autres faux compaffementz al entier del Counte de Gloucefcre en defheritaunce des piers de la terre.;

Auxint la ou nostre Seignur le Roi per fes letres patentes defouz son grant seal en plain parlcmenta weftm'graunta a Counte de Warrewyk qe fi mort lui avenift qe fes executours puiifent avoir fes terres tanqe al age son Heir le quel grant puis la mort le dit Counte le Roi conferma a son parlementa Nicole a la requefte & per assent des Piers de la terre le dit Sire Hugh le pier per maintenaunce abette Sc procurement le dit Sire Hugh son fitz fill nostre Seignur le Roi repelier cel salt faunz enchefon & bailler au dit Sire Hugh le Piere pur son proper profit la guard de mefmes celes terres Sc iflint defefant per lour malveis counfeil ceo qe le Roi lour avoit graunte en fes parlementz per son bon counfeil Sc per assent des piers de la terre a delhonour du Roi Sc encountre droit & refon. ■>

Auxint mefmes ceux nount pas foeffert nostre Seignur Ie Roi prendre refonables fiiies des Pieres de la terre Sc autres qi fount entre son see auxi come ad este ufee einz ces heures mes pur coveitife datteindre a tieux. terres per poer roial a eux accroche ount salt mettre en tieux bufoignes noundues empefehement furinettantz les terres eftre forfaitz conie de Mons' John de Moubray pur les terres de. Gower Sc des autres a damage Sc delhonour nostre Seignur le Roi Sc countre Ie leie de la terre en defheritance des graundz Sc des autres du roialme enfi fefaunt le Roi veer en parliament encountre son ferement. 11 Auxint pur iour malveis covetife & per poer roial. a eux acroche northeast fuffrirent nostre Seignur le Roi dover northeast droit fair as graundz de la terre fur le demonftraun.ee qilstufoint a lui pur lui Sc pur eux de ia defheritaunce de la Corone et deux touchaunt les terres qe furent as templers.et iffint per poair roial a eux acroche ont ils mesne nostre Seignur le Roi son counfeil Sc fes places qe des choses touchavfntz eux ou lour aliez ount empris Sc embrace per eux qe droit northeast poet eftre salt forfqe a lour volunte Sc a damage a deihoncur nostre Seignur Roi Sc peril de son ferement Sc delheritance Sc destruction de plufours graundz du poeple de son roialme. Et auxint les Elluz as Evefqes Abbes Priories qi deivent eftre droit refeeux de nostre Seignur le Roi la ou ils fount en due fourme elluz northeast poent approeher. a. nostre Seignur Roi northeast ove lui parler de quere fa grace tanqe ils avoient salt fine & tret Sire Hugh Ie filz a fa volunte. -

APPEND. D

Northeast

A P

I X

18

PEND

Cotton MS.

Northeast nul qe euft graunte a' querc de nostre Seignur le Roi northeast poet a mil grant atteindre avant qil avoit salt fine a lui. Eftre ceo la ou John de Latchelegh & autres futent agurdez a la prisone pur un. trespass qils avoient salt a la Dame de Merk a damage de la dite Dame, de Merk C Marz dount furent. attcintz devant Mons. Robert de Maddingle & fes compaignons Justices afiignes a oier & terminer cel trespass & dit John fuift en la prisone de Coleceftre per lagard fuifdite Sire Hugh le fitz acrochaunt a lui rcial poer amena le dit John hors de la prisone countre Jeie de terre einz qil avcit faite gree a la dite dame des damages avantdites & lui fist vendre fa terre a lui & a lever fur ceo une fine. Les queux mal veiftes fufeferitz fount notoires et verrois ficome trove ell per examinement des Countes Barouns & autres. pieres.de la terre.

Par quoi noz Pieres de la terre countes et Barouns en la presence nostre Seignur le Roi agardons qc Sire Hugh de Despenser le fitz & Sire Hugh le piere soient defheritez a touz jours come delheritours de la Corone Sc enemys du Roi C de son poeple & qils soient del tout exilez hors du roialme dengleterre faunz retoumer en nul temps fi ceo northeast soit de laffent nostre Seignur lb Roi & de Indent des Prelates Countes et Barouns & ce en parliament duement foinons. Et les donons port a Dovorr & nul part ail lours a voidre Sc a passer hors du roialme Dengleterre entre cy Sc la fefte de feint John le baptiftre press chein avenir ceo jour acounte. Et fi les dites Sire Hugh Sc Sire Hugh demorgent en la roialme dengle icrre outre le dit jour qe done lour eft de voider Sc de passer come defuis eft dit ou qapres le dit jour re -- tournent adonqes soit tait deux come des. enemys du Roi Sc de roialme..

Despenser patris et jiliia.

C OME nadgayres plufours grandes du royalme furmeiffent a Sir Hugh ledbfpenfer le fitz e Sir Hugh le Despenser le peer plufours malveiftees par eux faitz encountre leftat nostre Seignor le Roy et de fa corone et a difheritance des graundes et deftrubtion du people Et pour fuer cedes mal veiftees, et atteindre par force, que par proces.de la lay northeast poient eftre atteintz, pur ceo que les'avan* dues Sir Hugh et Sir Hugh avoient accroche a eux royal poiar en plufours maneres; lesdites grarmdes fe feuffent entrelies.par ferment efcriptz et en autre manner sans le conge nostre Seignur le Roi, et puis en pursuant les dits Hugh et.hugh et lour allies et'adherant'z a eux, les dits graundes et autres chivauche rent as baners difplayes des arms le Roy et de iour arms, et prifterent et occuperent chafteux viiles manoirs teres et tenements biens et chateux, et auxint prifterent et Lmprisonerent gentz de la ligeaunce le Roy et autres,. et afeuns reinterent,, et afeuns tuetent, et autres plufonrs choses fefoient, en deftruantz les ditz Hugh et Hugh et lour allies et autres en Engleterre Wales eten la March; dount afeuns choses purreunt eftre dits trespasses' ' afeuns felonies, Et les ditz Hugh et Hugh en le Parliament nostre s.eig -- nur le Roy, femons a Weftm' a trois femaignes apres la nativite de Seint John le Baptist land son regne quinzeme, pur les ditz malveftees fuifient forejuges et exules du royalme par agarde des Pieres de la terre. Et les fuifditz grandes en le dit parliament monftraffent a nostre Seignur le Roy, que les choses faites cn.la purfuitc des ditz Hugh et Hugh par ticles causes de necetfite northeast deivent eftre redreffes northeast punis. par rigour de. leave, northeast potent, ' sans fair trop grand trouble, ' ou parcafe, que pire ferroit, .guerre en la terre, -, et priaffent. nostre Seignur, que de touts alliances et trespasses et felonies fuffent quites a touts jours, pur bien de la peax, pur guerre efehuer, et pur ires et rancours affwager, et pur unite fair en la terre, et que nostre Seignur le Roy puisse le pluis entierement avoir les coeiirs ct les voluntees des grandes et ds son people, pur fes terres mainteyner et defender, et fes enemies guerroir et greyer. Accorde eft et afr fentus en le dit parliament nostre Seignur le Roy, et par Prelates count z et barons et la.commen du royalme illoeques al mandement nostre Seignur le Roy assembles que nul,. de quel estate ou condition que il soit, pur alliance quel temps que il soit salt par ferement efeript ou en autre manner, northeast pur chivauchez faitz a baner difplaye darmes de Roy ou dautre, northeast prise occupation ou detinue des chafteux viiles manoirs terres tenements biens et chateux, prise emprisonmentz ou rauncener la gent de la ligeance le Roy, ou. dautres homicides robberies felonies ou autres choses, que purront eftre notes as trefpaftes ou as felonies,, faitz contre la pees le Roy, par les ditz grandes lour allies ou lour adherentes en la purfuite avandite puis le primer jour de Mars darrein nasse jeique amercuredi prochein apres la feast de laffumption de nostre.. dame, cell afeavoir le XIX jpur de August procheineenfuant, soit appelle northeast challenge,. prise northeast emprisone, nempeche molefte northeast greve, nen jugement mesne - le Roy northeast par autres a la fuite leroy northeast a la luite dautre, que quil soit, an la court le Roy northeast nul part aillours : mez que de touts tielx trespasses et felonies foientiquites par cel accorde et assent. Sauve touts jours as touts, forfpris les dits Hugh et hugh, ablion et rel'on davoir ct recoverer loiir chafteux viiles manours terres tenements gardes et marriages, folonc les leies et usages ceo en. arrsre; Ufez, sans punishmenf devers le Roy, ou damage 'recoverer vers panic, du temps.ayantdit. - L a 1 1 J‘ ' ' " 1 J '■ -

Auxint. eft accorde et affbntus, que les ditz graundes,; fils voillent pur eux et pur toutz autres quex eux en la ferement de lour foialts. salt ait Roy voudren.t tefmoigner enter, cy et le feffde Saint Michel prochein'' a venir par lour letters patentz au Roy et a son Chanceller que ils feurent de lour adherdance et lour comt. paigne en le dit purfuite, event charters several x defus le grande, fealc. en la form fuifdit,. de les choses iuiidit, s' ■ i -

o i. w..... isti t -, - ' - ■> Ferma.

rvitt. .Stat. secunda pars„■

19

APPENDIX.

Forma chartarum profequentibus Hugh le Despenser patrern et filinm concejfarum.

EDWARD par la grace de Dieu Roy Dengleterre Seignur Direlande e Duke Daquitayn a touts fes bailiffes et foialx as queux celles presents letters vendront falutz. Saches que come en cede nostre present Parliament tenus a Westnv a trois femaignes de la nativite de Seynt John le Baptist procheime pass par Nous et par Prelates Countz Barons et la Comen de nostre Royalme, illoques par moftre. mandement assembles, accorde soit et aflentu, que nul, de quel'estate ou condition que il fob, pur alliance quel temps que il soit salt par ferement efcripte ou en autre manner northeast pur prise occupation on' Betinue des chafteux villes manours terres tenements biens ou chateux, prise emprisoner au ranceoner des gentes de nostre ligeance ou dautres, homicides robberies felonies, ou autres choses, que purront feftre notes as trespasses ou as.felonies, faitz contre nostre peax par plufours grandes de nostre Royalme lour allies et ldur 'adherentes en un purfuite, que nadgaires fefoient par certaines enchefons contre Sir Hugh le Despenser le ifitz et Sir Hugh le Defoenfer le piere puis le primer jour de March darrein paste jcfqiie a Meicuredi prochein apres la fefte de laflumption de nostre dame, ceft afeavoir le XIX jour Dauguft prochein enfuant, soit appelle' northeast challenge, prise northeast emprisone, empefche molefte northeast greve, northeast eri jugement' mesne? par nous northeast par autre, a nostre fuite northeast a la fuite dautri, qui que il soit, en nostre court northeast nul part aillours: mes que de touts tielx trespasses et felonies soient quites par cell: accord et aftent. Sauves touts jours'as touts, forfpris les dits Hugh et Hugh, action et reason davoir et recoverer' lour chafteux villes manoifs terres tenements gardes et marriages, folonc les kies et les usages ceo en arrere ufees, sans punishment defers nous, ou damage recoverer' vers party, du temps avantdit; ficome en les dites ac — cord et aftent pluis pleyne eft contenus. Nous voillants mefmes ceux accorde et aftent eftre tenus et gardes en touts choses, yolons que nostre foial et loyal H. de B. counte de Hereford et de Essex un' des dits grandes pur allianc'ej quel temps que ceo soit, par ferement efcripte ou en autre manner, northeast pur chose faite en la dit purfuite dedeins le dit temps, northeast soit appele northeast challenge, pris nemprison, empefche molefte northeast greve, nen jugement mesne, par nous northeast par autre, ' a nostre fuite nafuite dautri, qui quil soit, en nostre court northeast nul part aillours, contre la form de les accorde et aftent avantdit Eri tef moignance des quels choses Nous avons salt fair ceftes nos letters patentes. Done a Weftm' le xxjour Dauguft land nostre reigne XV - "

- - ■ ' ■ 1 ' ' ' '■ - j ■- 1 ' V 1 /■ '

A Statute revoking the Pardon granted to the Pursuers of the Defpenfers, made > Anno 15 Edw. II and Anno Dom. 1322*.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m 32. D.

COM en le parliament nostre seignur le Roi Edward filz au Roi Edward fomons a Weftnionfter a treis femeins de la nativite feint Johan le Baptiste land son regne xvmb a la priere Humfrei de bo hun adoncs Counte de Hereford des plufours autres grantz de roialme feut aflentu & acorde qe nul de quel eftat ou condicion qil fut por alliance quen temps qe ceo eftoit salt par ferment eferit ou en autre manner northeast por chivauche salt a banere defus des arms le Roi ou dautri northeast por prise occupation northeast detenue des chafteux villes manoirs terres tenementz biens ou chateus prise emprisonement ou raungcour des gentz de la ligeance le Roi ou dautres homicides roberies felonies ou; autres choses northeast porreient eftre, notees a trespass ou felonies faites contre la pees le Roi par les ditz grantz lour alliez ou lour aherdantz en pursuant & Hugh le Despenser le fil & Hugh le Despenser le piere & lour alliez & aherdanfz, puis le primer jour de Marz lan du regne le dit nostre seignur le Roi xiiij jefqes le XIX jour daufte pro ehein suant northeast fut appellez northeast chalengez pris nemprisonez empechez moleftez northeast grevez northeast en jugement menez par le Roi northeast par autre a la suit le Roi northeast a suit dautri qi qil fuft en la Court le Roi northeast nul part aillours mes qe des touz tieux trespass & fuiflent quites. Et puis au dit nostre seignur le Roi a son parliament fomons a Everwyk a treis femeins de la Pallc land son regne XV susdit monstre lui fut par Prelatz Countes Barons Chivalers des Countes & la commun de son roialme illoqs afiemblez par son mandement qe les ditz eftatut ordenaunce purveance & acquitance eftoient, peecheroufement & torce noufement faitiz & grantz contre reifon Sc commune droit contre le ferment nostre seignur le Roi qil fit a son coronement A qe laffent qe eux fefoient as ditz eftatut ordenance purveance & acquitance eftoit faite por doubt de ia grante force qe les ditz Counte de Hereford & les autres grantz entralliez fodeinement me nerent au dit parliament de Weftmonrtr' as chevaux & en affrei & baflement de tut le people & qe eux ne.eufierit as ditz eftatut ordenance purveance & acquitance afientu en nule manner LI non par en. chefon della dite force outrajoufe Sc nondue par quoi y prierent nostre seignur le Roi qe por salut de fa, alme & de lour almes il feit venir devant lui en dit parliament fomons & tetiuz a Everwyk la tenor des ditz eftatut ordenance porveance Sc acquitance & les salt examiner repeller & de tut anentir. Et nostre seignur le Roi a lour requefte fit venir en dit parliament devant lui la tenor des ditz eftatut ordenance porveance & acquitance en les paroles qe fenfuont. Come nadgaires plufours grontz du roialme fermeif: lent a fire Hugh le Despenser le fiz Sc sire Hugh le Despenser le pier plufours mauveifteez par eux faites contre leftat de nostre fejgnur le Roi Sc de fa coronc Sc a difheritance des gran z Sc deftrubtion du poeple .'I.O' 4,, V i: „2 V ...., D 2,. & a

* prom Mr, Sergeant Hawkins'; Edition.

20

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in 'Turr. Lond.

Sc a purfaire celes maveifteez & attendre par force qe par proces de lei northeast poient eftre attelnz porceo qe les avantditz Hugh & Hugh avoient acroclie a eux reale poer en plufours maneres les ditz grantz fe fuiflent cntreallez par fermentz efcritz & en autre manner faunz concise nostre fcignnr le Roi Sc puis enpurfuant les dit Hugh Sc Hugh Sc lour alliez & aherdantz a eux les ditz grantz &• autres chivachaflent as baneres defpliez des arms le Roi & de lour arms Sc priftrent Sc occuperent chafteux villes manoirs terres tene mentz biens & chateux a auflint priftrent Sc ernprisonerent genz de la ligcance le Roi & autres Sc aucuns rendrent Sc aucuns tuercnt Sc autres plufours choses fefoient endeftruantz les ditz Hugh Sc Hugh Sc lour alliez & autres en Engleterre en Gales Sc en la March dont aucunes chofcs porreient eftre dites trespass & felonies Sc les dit Hugh Sc Hugh en le parliament nostre seignur le Roi fomons a Weftmoftre a treis femeins apres la fefte de la nativite feint Johan le Baptist land son regne xvme por les dites mau veiftees fuiflent forjugez Sc exilez du roialme par agard des tutz pieres de la terre & lez fufditz grantz en dit parliament monftraflent a nostre seignur le Roi qe les choses faites en la presence des ditz Hugh Sc Hugh par tiele cause de neceftite devoient eftre adrefcees northeast punitz par reddour de lei northeast northeast poeient faunz fair trop grant troble ou par cas qe pis ferroit guerre en la terre priaflent a nostre seignur le Roi qe de tonz alliances trespass & fuiflent quites a touz jours. Por bien de pees & por guerre efehuire Sc' por ires Sc rancoures afluager Sc por unite fair en la terre Sc qe nostre seignur le Roi peuffe le plus entiere snent aver les quers & les voluntees des grantz'& de son po'eple por fes terres meintenir & dcfendre &: fes enimis guerroier Sc grever accorde elt Sc aflentu en dit parliament par nostre seignur le 'Roi Sc par Prelatz Countes Barons" & la commune du roialme illoeqs a mandement le Roi aflemblez qe nul de quel .eftat ou condicion qil soit por alliance quen temps qe ceo soit salt par ferment eferit .oil en autre manner northeast por chivache salt a bqnere defplie des arms le Roi ou dautre northeast por prise occupacion ou detenue des chafteux villes manoires terres tenementz biens ou chateux prise' emprisonement pu rancenour des gentz deja ligeance le, Roi ou dautres homicides roberies felonies ou autres choses qe porront eftre notees a trespass ou a felonies faites contre la pees le Roi par les ditz grant lour alliez ou lour aherdantz en la presence avandite puis le primer jour de Marz drein pafle jefqs a Mefkerdy prochein apres la fefte del assumption nostre dame cell aflavoir le XIX jourdauft prochein suant soit appellez northeast challengez pris nemprisonez empechez moleftez northeast grevez northeast en jugement menez par le Roi northeast par autre a la fuite le Roi northeast a la fuite dautri qi qil soit en la Court le Roi northeast nule part aillours tries qe de touz toux trespass Sc felonies soient quites par ceft acord Sc assent fauvee touz jours a touz forpris les ditz Hugh Sc Hugh aflion Sc refon daver Sc recoverer lour chafteux villes manoirs terres tenements gardes Sc manages folonc les leis Sc les usages or a'en'arere'ofees faunz puniflement devers le Roi ou damage recoverir Severs parties du temps avantdit. Et auflint eft acorde Sc aflentu qe les ditz grantz fil voillent poreux Sc pour touz autres queux eux en ia ferment de lur feaate faite au Roi vidront tefmoigner entre cy Sc la fefte feint Michel prochein avenir par lour letters patentes au Roi ou a son Chaunceiler qil fair de lour aherdance & lour compaignie en la dite perfuite event chartres several es defouth le grant seal la Roi en la fourme fufdite des choses fuf dites. Les queux eftatut ordenance purveance Sc acquitance illoqs rehercez Sc examinez en presence des Prelatez Countes Barons Chivalers des Couqtez Sc le communz du roialme au dit parliament dever vvyk efteantz trove fu qe ceux eftatute ordenance purveance Sc acquitance fe fefoint contre refon Sc commune droit & contre le ferment le Roi salt a son coronement Sc contre la tenor de la grante chartre des franchises: dengleterre la quele eft afflrme par sentence de comenge Sc en la quele eft contenuz qe le Roi northeast niera northeast delaira a nuly droit northeast justice & la dite acquitance eftoit grantee plus en baudeur Sc favour de meftefours Sc deftourbours de la pees Sc de felonies trespass 6c mauveiftees fair qe por remedy Sc ad iefeement de tort. Par quoi nostre seignur le Roi eant regarde as les choses fufdites Sc a ceo qe le dit Counte de Hereford Sc .les autres entrealliez vendrent au dit parliament de Weftmonftr' nonduement as chevaus Sc as arms & la tout lour force de la quele il northeast fu pas devant aparceu et enfement qe la dite acquitance fe fit a difplefaunce Sc grant defhonour de lui Sc emblemiffement de fa real dignite et en offence dautri droit Sc qil northeast poeit adoncs arefter la dite force ft fodienement pur droit fair ficome a lui appendoit qe fuite dautri northeast devoit il northeast poeit relefler northeast pardoner faunz tort fair Sc auxi ehargantz le conseil Sc la requefte des ditz Prelatz Countes Barons Chivalers des Counteez de la commune du roiame salt en ceft party pur salut de fa aime Sc de lour almes & qe bien appendoit a lui & a fa real dignite Sc devoit fi grante faite torcenoufe & perilous redrefler duement Sc ja avoit anienti Sc defait par assent des Prelatz Counteea Barons Chivalers des Countes Sc la Commune du roialme aut dit parliament deverwyk le dit agard salt par les ditz Counte de Hereford Sc ies autres entrealliez contre les ditz Hugh Sc Huglvdedout exi] Sc def heritance & de totes chose tochauntes le dit agard en touz pointz par jugement rendu au dit parliament deverwyk & meifmes ceux Hugh Sc Hugh avoit remis Sc rcconfeile pleinement a foi Sc a fa pees & ajuge a tie! eftat qe eux avoient e en tiel eftat come eux eftoient avant le dit agard salt contre eux au dit parliament do Weftmonftre en touz pointz par causes refonables loials Sc fuffiiantes par quoi les ditz Hugh sc Hugh Sc lour alliez Sc aherdantz Sc autres as queux les ditz Counte de Hereford Sc les autres entrealliez firont les dites felonies Sc trespass des queux il devient aver lour recoverer folonc les leis & les usages du roialme a fuire vers touz qe a eux ount trefpafte come eft fufdite tiele fuite northeast porront duement fair ft les, ditz eftatut ord.nancepurveance Sc acquitance des felonies Sc trespass northeast fuiflent repelez Sc anienfez Sc enfement le dit nostre seignur le Roi regardant qe les ditz eftatut ordenance purveance Sc 'acquitance torce noufement fe fefoient par force come eft susdit Sc non pas de fa volonte: dount il fit pfoteftacion adoncs a Weftmonftre en preience de aucuns Prelatz Countes Barons Sc autres grantz qe de son gre les ditz eftatut ordenance purveance & acquitance fie eftoient grantez northeast aflentu nostre seignur le Roi par les causes fuldites Sc pur toiler malveis examples de tieux mals du temps avenir en fondit plain parliament a ever wyk de son poer real par le conseil & des' Prelatz Countes Barons Chivalers des Countez le com

•. .\'u. t., ... « t __

21

A; < P PE N D IX

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lend.

mun du roialme illoqs aitemblez par son mandement les ditz eftatut ordenance purveance & tutes. les acquittances'^ quicumque perfones faites par les ditz eftatut ordenance Sc purveance acord Sc assent repele & anient a touz jours come chose faite centre refon lei Sc usage. de son roialme & en prejudice de lui Sc de fa corone & de fa reale dignitfe. & voet Sc commaunde qe quant qui eft contenuz en les ditz eftatut ordenance & purveance'&'quant qe eft enroule en les plez de fa court de les ditz eftatut ordenance purveafice & acquitanee soit chancelez Sc anientez por touz jours & qe chefcun eit fa action fuite Sc quant qe lei lui dohrie non contreftant les eftatut ordenance purveance assent acord & acquitances avantditz &- qe par cele eftatut ordenance purveance assent accord & acquitanee nul northeast soit covert aide northeast defendu en nul point.

rex'justicia'riis fuis de'banco falutem; Quedam ftatutum ordinationem providentiam & acquietan siam nuper iri'parliamento noftro apud Weftm' a die nativit' fandti Johannis Baptiste proximo preterite in tres feptimanas convocato ad profecutionem Humfridi de Bohun tunc comitis Hereford' Sc eitex' Sc aliorum magnatum de regno noftro fa61 a & quibus feta aliorum per nos minus provide remifla suit & alii errores multiplices intervenerunt in prefenti parliamento noftro apud Eborum a die Pafche prox' pre terito in tres feptimanas convocato de communi consilio prelatorum comitum baronum Sc aliorum pro cerum regni nostri ibidem exiftentium revocaverimus Sc adnullaverimus eafdemque revocationem & ad nullationem vobis fub figiho noftro duximus tranfmittend' mandantes' quod eas coram vobis in banco predict legi publican Sc in rotulis ejusdem banci irrotulari Sc predicta ftatuta ordinationem providentiam Sc acquietantiam que nuper vobis mifiinus fub sigillo noftro in banco predidto publicand' Sc irrotuland' can qellari Sc adnullari faciatis. T, R. apud jybor. XX die Maii.

'i HR j v.ltnf. nv. o. tt. b' l.ft I 5* : *. AFT Per'ipfum Regem.

Eodem modo [cribitur Henrico le Scrap & fociisfuis Jufliciariis Regis ad placita coram Rege tenenda afjignatis. Tejle Rege utj'upra.

''Eodem modo fcribitur Thefaurario & Baronibus de Scatcario. T. R. ut supra.

i, iiiyt j. u. >'•■' ..., j i 'i __. V g -

I lit I i r y. V ' f -- no r ■' "j ni '* r •

.11

j, : in' iv.j. ■■ to n

: > t W jt u,

if -j't • ahi sr

ivii jn .ff j nifo II

> if V emtism. rr.

A Statute revoking an Bfablijhment of the Household, made Anno 16 Edw. II r, ' ' ' : 1, Anno Dom. iq2qa.

i L J it

/ hc

323

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond. m. 31,

OME nostre seignur le Roi Edward fitz au Roi Edward le fezime jour.de Mars land son regne tiertz al honour de Dieu Sc pur le bien de lui .Sc de son roialme cult grantez.as prelatz countes Sc barons de son roialme queux peuflent eflire ceiteincs perfones des Prelatz Countes & Barons Sc des autres loiaux queux lour fcmblereint fuffifantz' de appellera eux per ordener &'eftablir leftat del hostel nostre dit seignur le Roi Sc de son realm folonc droit & refon Sc en tiele manner qe lour ordehances feuflent faites al honour de Dieu & al honour & profit de feint eglise & al honour du dit Roi & a son profit & au profit de son poeple folonc droit Si refon & le ferement qe nostre dit seignur le Roi fist a son co rounement et Lercevefque de Canterbirs Primat de tot Engleterre Evefqes Countes & Barons a ceo efiutz eu flent salt askunes ordenaunces qe comencent ifiint Edward par le grace de Dieu Roi dengleterre seignur d Irlaand id dues daquitaigne as touz ceux as .queux .ceftes fettres vendrdilnt fa lui"z. Sachesc qe come le xvjke jour de Marzdan de' nojlre regne tiertz al honour de Dieu C Sc finj'ffent ifiint Done a Loundres le quint jour dorobr* land nostre regne quint. Les queles ordenances le dit'nostre seignur le Roi a son parliament a Everwj'k a treis femeignes de Pask land son regne quinzime par Prelatz Countes Sc Barons entre queux furent touzle plus des ditz ordenours qi adoncs furent en vie Sc par le commun de roialme illoeqs par son maundement aflemblez fist rehcrcer & examiner. Et pur ceo qe par cel examinement trove feuft en. dit parliament qe par les choses ifjint ordenees le poair real nostre dit seignur le Roi feuft reftreine en plufors choses countre devoir enblcmiflement de fa feignurie reale & encountre leftat de la.coronne & auxi per ce qe en temps pafle par teles ordenances & puryeaunces‘faites par les Tuggetz, fur le poaire, real des aunceftres nostre feignurie Roi troubles & guefres fount avenuz en roialme par quoi la terre ad este en peril accorde eft Sc eftabli au dit parliament par nostre seignur le Roi & par les ditz Prelatz' Countes & Barons & tote la commune du roialme a cel parliament aflemblez qe totes les choses par les ditz ordenours ordenees Sc contenues en les dites ordenaunces.'deforemes pur le temps avenir ceflcnt Sc perdent noun force virtue & effect'a touz jours les eftatutz & eftabliftementz faitz duemenf par nostre seignur, le Roi Sc fes aunceftres avauht' ks dites ordenances demorantz en lour force', & qe defo.re james .en nu temps nrfle'manere des ordefiaunces ne'peryea'un'dps fajtes jjar les fuggetz nojftre feigqur'.l.e Roi oude Tcs heirs par quele poair ou' eommission qe ceo foit'fur de'jloat^eal de ti'pftre jeignuraie'‘floi ou delp? hpr§ ou countre'leftat nostre dit, seignur.le'roi ou de fes heires du tountreqeftaf la.cbroivne foierft nulles. & de mule manner de value northeast de Force Mes 'les chcfles qe ferrotint a e'ftabljr pur" Jeftat de., nostre seignur le roi Sc de fes heirs Sc pur leftat du roialme & dii poeple soient tretes accordees eftablies en parlementz par nostre seignur le Roi & par laflent des Prelatz Countes Sc Barouns & la cdmiviunalte du roialme auxint come ad este acuftume cea enarerep * '

REX

* From Mr. Sergeant {iavskiasv Edition..... .<

•'iqi i v.. .risjiofilic. i.nvarr —

22

APPENDIX, -

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

^; r T i f[ [ *,

RE X vie' Ebor. falutem. Cum nos quafdam ordinationes per quofdam prelatos comites Sc baroties regni nostri ad hoc ele&os nuper fatftas in pariiamento noftro apud ebor. a die Pafche in tres leptimanas anno regni'noftri quintodecimo convocato per prelatos comites ..baronps, prpceres &. cqm munitatem diffti regni ibidem exiftentes recitari & examinari fecerimus, &, ex, certis caufis per exami nationem islam compertis ad didtum parliamentum nostrum per. nos & didtos prelatos xomite? barones proceres & communitatem eoncordatum fit & ftatuturn'quod omnia per prepfidlos ordinafores ordinata & in ordinationibus predidtis contenta pro tempore futuro cedent & nomen robur virtutem & effedtum amittant imperpetuum ftatutis & ftabilimenti's per'rtos vel progenitores rioftros ante confedtionem ditftarum ordina tionum debite fadtis in eorum robore permanentibus prout in statuto in dicto pariiamento noftro super premiifis edito quod tibi mittimus fub sigillo noftro in forma patenti confignatum plenius.continetur tibi precipimus firmiter injungentes quod ftatutum illud in pleno comitatu. tuo legi & publicari, & omnia & singula in eo contenta quantum ad te pertlnet facias oblervari predidtis ftatutis & ftati.fimentis; antea etjitis in corum robore permanentibus ut eft didtum., 'T. r.apud jejjor''xjx die Maii. j, f ' j, ■■■ a '■.

. .....;,, : t / riotia i' '

. ".,.. Per tpfum Regem.

Eodew moio feribitur ftngulis vicecomitibut per Angliam.

Y i. A. i.

j \ y Mi. J Hi. ' J

.ill

A .Statute of E (treats, made Anno 16 Edw. II and Anno Dom. 1323 \

■ Ex Rot., 'in Eurr. Lond. m. so. D.

0 .... '. rv

LE: S Roi a nos cliiers William de Ayremynn gardein. des roules de. nostre Chauncellerie & a fes compaignouns gardeins de nostre grant seal faluz. Nous vous enveoms une form remembre en un elcrovet enclos dedeins ceftes par nous & nostre conseil .ordginee folonc la quele le eftretes de nostre Chauncetferie qg lerro'unt anriuermenfdiverees a nostre*eickeker devient defore eftre faites. Et voloms .& vos chargeoms qe meifme cele form facez entrer en voz roulles & deforemes garder & tenir en feifaunt lfis eftretes avantdites. A ceos vpus'enveoms' un autre eferovet enelce.piedeirjz, meifmes".noz Iettresen la quele eft contcnuz coment Justices & devient, liverer lour eftretez a meifme nostre Efcheker. Et vous inandoms qe entenduz ceo qeft contenuz en meifmes leferovetz facez maunder noz brefs as Justices & autres de fair ceo qe deinz eft contenuz en duefourme.. Done fouz nostre prive seal a Cowyk le IX jour de Juyn lan tie nostre regne xvimc;. ' 1

r.' r _ r' ' T ' ( /.'i.r'l i ■e' It. 1>. r. At d i f. ■ '

PUR la defturbance qil y ad eu en ces houres.fur les accomptes des viscount es al Efcheker de ceo qe en leftrete de? roulles'dd la Chauneellerie qe.y ad eft annuel men liyere al Efcheker. les eomptes ount ene entremelliez le Rotrvoet'qe defore, leftrete soit salt.cn le manner qe fenfuit. w" \.,., Primerement feient entrpz ' les lines qe plus fovenerement ayen'ent come pur briefs avoir & totes autres fins on la Oumme en deners eft express & tieux manner dq fines dun countq de tut lan feient eferitz par eux en un lieu & par order de priorite felonc feo qe les fines ferrount entreez en les roulles & auxint des touz les autrees countees generalment quant que touch enfuit un countee, & pur plys preftement aver recours as roulles fi .rje.n en temps avenir soit en envycr de sum ou dautre lettre trove en leftrete soit la date dp jour quant la fine fuft faite entre en leftrete livere al Efcheker. V V -, \

Pit procheinement aprcs tieux fines soient ehtrez chartres letters patentes ou commifiians.dunt ferme on rente annuele eft due aji Roi ou acomptes feient ai.endre a ceo par edmptes several ment en pressed manner.; ' ' '.,

Item apres ceo les homages, & feautees dount reliveez fount a demander & les briefs de Diem clau fit extremum & autres choses ou sum nest my express northeast annuele demaunde afaire., :

Item en meifme leftrete feint entrez les chartres de don dount le Roi doit service avoir qe la court peufie avifer avifement quant a relefs & le service demaunder a temps. ■■ ■

'Item feient entrez eh meifme leftrete?, les nouns de. touz ceaux qe cel an averount efte.assignez a chose oir enquere ou fair dount fyn amerciement ou autre profit apptndaunt au Roi purra par cas ou devera lourdie iili qe home peufife saver a qi home'devera maunder pur les eftretes deliverer, pit a la fine de! eftrere les reddiffeifines a fourcharge de pasture come en ces houres.

Pur ceo qe Justices enquerrours ou antics qe fount afiignez a diverses befoignes oier deliverer en reaume devient annuelment deliverer al Efcheker lour eftretes des fines &.amcrciementz faits & taxez devant eux & de totes autres choses des meifmes les befoignes iftauntes qe au Roi appendent iftint qil empyifle de ceo eftre duement refpondu. Et fovenf avient qe plofours tides .eftretez fount fi longement detenu;? avant queles feient liveretz an dit Efcheqer qe le Roi en ad .eu de ceo pr pjufours enchcfpns grauntz damaged R. en temps son pipre ordeine feuft entre autres choses qe Justices & qi q«ls fujfi. tent s' autres qe enfient eftretz"a liverer al Efcheker les euflent salt liverer de an 'en; ae. a la feint Mir chel Pit Justices de eyre meintenaunt lour eftretes de meifme de pyre fi toft come en eux le eufient fini soit defore tel ordeinement tenu & par brief expreffement maunde & les Justices de iun Baunk C de Jau re & gardein de la forefte dc cea Trente Si de la qc chplcun de le faite de; chose qe touch lour office.

'Item

a This is printed in the Secunda pars veterum ftatutorum, and in Mr. Sergeant hawkinsv Edition.

appendix.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Item soil le Seneschal dehouftiel le Roi qeft ou pur temps ferra comaunde & charge depar le Roi a deliverer annuelment au Treforier del Efcheker qi eft ou par temps ferra eftretes diftinctement & pleynement faites des fyns amerciementz issues forfaitzs ■ Si' de totes maneres dautres profitz fourdauntz al oeps le Roi des pleez ou quereles tenuz & oyzdevant le dit Seneschal & du dit Houftiel & qe eeo soit salt deux foich en lana la clule'pafqe & lendemeyn de feint Michel.

Item soit charge Sc comande le cleric du marchee & des mefurors a deliverer fes eftretes de ceo qe tuche son office en la fourme defufdite.

Item le gardein del aunage livre au Treforier al Efcheqer annuelment les eftretes de son office qe diftinctement conteignent totes les defautes qil avera trove par tut en reaume ou drops countre assise & & quant & a qi les draps fount qil trove countre laffife & le pris & a qi il les avera liveree & ou & quant & par quel garaunt.

Item soit le botiller le Roi quest ou pur temps'ferra charge defore qe tuz les vins qil purveera al oeps le Roi par lui ou par fes attornez en quel lieu qe ceo feit quilles face purveer par vewe des bones gentz de la ville ou la' purveaunce avendra deftre faite iffint tote seth qe auineyns la purveyaunce soit tef moigne par deux hornmes des mieuz vauiz'de meifme le lieu. Et fil aveigne qe ceo soit en port ou il ount taillours de la cuftume le Roi adonqe soit par eaux tefmoigne.

Et northeast soit nul cuftumer defore lieu tenant le botiller taunt come il soit entendant a la cuftume garder.

Et face le botiller qeft our pur temps ferra par lui ou par fes lieux tenauntz mettre en roue tutz fes achatz en ceste manner Cell afavoir quantz de toneux de qi ou des quex achate Si ou Sc quant Sc par vewe des queux: '!: " - •»; .., u..,

Item face enrouler les vyns des prises err meifme la:. manner quaunt a nombre & tefmoignaunce & per -- fones de queux la prise fe avera faite & ou & q uaunt.

Et soient chargez tuz les cuftumers denglererre folonc ceo qe eux font assignez a coiller la cuftume par certeynes boundes qe eux annuelment' certifient au Treforier Sc Barons deuz seth en lana la, quinzeme de' Pafqe & a la quinzeyne de feint Michel quant de niefs averount arivez deinz lour boundes denz les temps chargez des vins &dount les niefs fount & a qi eles fount Si quaunt eles arivont & def chargeont & come bien eles portent C Si come bien des niefs arivount dount le Roi prent prise de vyn

com' bieh de toneux & en queux niefs dount le Roi prent deux foudz pur le tones & my autre prises( com bien dount a prent deux foudz' pur le tones & le myns autre prise..,,

• ' j ••. u

memdrandum quod' magiftdr Hugo de Ingolifine clericus & domini Johannis divina providential Pape XXII per ipsum dominum Papam in Angliam miflus ad negotia fua Si eccleiie Romane fa ciend; venit ad dominum nostrum Regem' apud Kenilworth in fefto natalis Domini anno C decimo septimo cum bulla ipfius domini Pape claufa dibto domino Regi direcla super recommendatione died clerici & nuncii fui ac negotiorum sibi eommiflbrum. &' fupplicavit dicto domino Regi ut sibi licentiatn concederet negotia predidla libere perfequendi.. et idem dominus: Rex habita inde deliberatione petebat builas quibus didtus Hugo uti intendebat sibi & fuo exhiberi quibus eidem domino Regi Si concilia fuo per dictum Hugonem exhibitis ac tranferiptis eorundem traditis didfus Dominus Rex pro eo quod non habuit magnum consilium suum juxta fe tunc temporis dedit prefato hugoni.diem effendi coram concilio fuo apud Weftra' in odtabis fandti Hillarii tunc proximo futuris & mifit tranferipta ilia dicto concilio fua interim examinanaa, in didtis odtabis fandti Hillarii venit didtus Hugo coram concilio dicti domini Regis apud Weftm' Si examinatis iftis tranferiptis predictis & contends in eifdem per idem consilium inhibitunv suit sibi diftridle ex parte domini Regis northeast ipse aliqua faceret feu attemptaret que in prejudicium died do mini Regis feu Corone sue but oppreffionem populi fui cedere poilet adjedto in didta inhibit'ione quod LI aliqui predeeeffores fui in officio sibi commiflo aliqua fecilfent feu. exercui'ilent in prejudicium dicti domini regis feu Coronefue aut oppreffionem populi quod ex hoc non aflumeret audaciam talia faciendiquonianv dictus dominus Rex voluit quod ipse talia nullatenus attemptaret & quod fi forfitan secus feceret attachia retur in curia didd domini Regis inde refponfums tarn ad fedtam domini Regis quam sd fedtam alterius conquerentis etiam fi prohibitio fpecialis super fic attemptandis fibi.delata non millet quia dicta inhibitio Sc. prohibitio fic sibi facte per dictum concilium fufficiunt in premiifis. Et hiis diclis.pretatus Hugo dixit quod premiffa sibi' multum placuerunt & quod cum ipse de terra dicti domini nostri Regis ce uucatu acquitanie oriundus fuiftet Sc alias in ducatu de concilio; ipfius domini Regis lextitifiet ipse non inten debat aliqua facere vel atternptare que in prejudicium. didd domini Regis vel Corone sue. cedere polfunt quoquo modo.. ' r; r > ■> r: '1, r vir r r : i : t

*3

Statutum De terris Templariorumy. made Anno ij Edw. IL. Stat. 3. and Annce

Dom.. i324'.-a

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

m.

31. D:

OU I A' ceflante & adnuliante ordine Militie Tempii terre Si tenementa in manibus fi'atrum ejufdemji C n.

ordinis in dominicis feodis & fervitiis ut de jure fratrum predidlorum in regno Anglie exiftentia 2 <£•;

tempore ceftaticnis & adnullatior.is ordinis fupradidti que de domino Rege & de aliis diverfis doini nisin eodem regno tenebantur fe.lita fuerunt in manibus domini Regis Si' allorum diverforuin domino

rum

3 This was infer ted by Pulton from the Secunda pars veterum Statutorum.

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Furr. i.ond.

cheat.

rum Feodorum illorum qui hujufmodi tenementa occafione predidta ad ipfos tanquam efcaetas fuas reverti debere vendicabant. Poftmodum in Parliamento illuftris principis domini Edwardi Regis filii Regis Edwardi fummonito k convocato apud Weftm' a die Purifications beat Marie in tres feptimanas anno regni ejusdem domini Regis decimo septimo magnus tradlatus liabebatur coram, ipso domino Rege Whether the in prefentia Prelatorum Comitum Baronum rrocerum Magnatum k aliorum, ibidem tunc exiftentium an Oiderot'tem scilicet domini feodorum predidtorum feu alii qui predidta tenementa que fuerunt predidtorum templa piers being riorum ut predicitur occupabant k poffent secundum legem terre k fana confcientia ea retinere. Super dillblvc d, the qu0 convocatis inajoribus de concilio domini Regis tam justiciariis quam aliis laicis perfonis Jufticiani Lords of the precji<qi precise dixerunt quod dominus Rex & alii domini feodorum predidtorum bene k. licite poffunt n' predidta tenementa tanquam efcaetas fuas per legem terre retinere occafione ceffationis k adnullationis Lands. ordinis lupradicti.

Set quia terre k tenementa predidta data fuerunt fratribus predidli ordinis ob defenfionem chriftiano rum k Terre fandte contra paganos k Saracenos & alios inimicos Christi k Chriftianorum & univer salis facrofandte ecclefie placuit k videbatur domino Regi ac didtis Magnatibus k aliis in dicto parliamento congregatis ob falutem animarum k ob confcentie ferenationem quod cum didtus ordo Militie Templi ob delenfionem Chriftianorum k univerfalis fancte ecclefie k expugnationem inimicorum Christi k Chrifticor alarm suit originaliter inftitutus k canonizatus k ad Divini cultus augmentum ac eleemofinarum largitio nem magnificam quod predidte terre k tenementa in dominicis dominiis k fervitiis libertatibus con fuetudinibus k omnibus aliis ad ea pertinentibus k ab eifdem qualitercumque dependentibus secundum voluntatem donatorum aliis hominibus fanctiffime religionis aflignarentur k traderentur ad ipforum terr' rarum k tenementorum & rerum aliarum inde. provenientium frudtus obventiones k emoiumenta in The chief pjos usus ut predicitur convertenda k falubriter eroganda. Et super hoc in dicto parliamento concor lords(hallnot jatum eft provifum k ftatutum pro.lege in hac parte perpetuo.duratura quod nec dominus Rex nec alius Lands by Ki, somnus feodorum predidtorum feu alia quecumque persona titulum nec jus habeat predidla terras & tene y " menta cum pertinentiis feu aliquam partem eorundem nomine efcaete feu alio modo retinendi feu eadem tenementa impoftcrum vendicandi occafione ceflationis & adnullationis predidli ordinis Militie Templi dc quibus fratres ejusdem ordinis feifiti fuerunt.in domiriico fuo. ut de feodo tempore ceffationis k adnullationis predicta rurn non obftantc quod predidla terre k tenementa. poll diclas ceffationem k adnullatio nem ad manus diverforum per successionem hereditariam donationem feu perquifitum vel alio modo.devene runt ac etiam quacumque lege feu confdetudine regni Anglie per quam feu per quas predicla concordia provifio k ftatutum feu aflignatio.& traditib.de ipfis terris k tenementis ut predicitur impediri quovif rnodo debeat impugnari feu contraplacitari. ' ■, ' }

Verum quia ordotratrum hofpitalis Sancti Johannis Jerusalem confimiliter ob defenfionem Chriftianorum k fancte ecclefie provifus fuerat inftitutus k canonizatus concordatum eft k ftatutum in dicto parliamento per predidtam dominum Regem Prelatos Comites Barones k alios Proceres dicti regni ibidem ex iftentes quod ex quo ordo predidtus Templariorum ceffat k adnullatur k predidtus ordo Hqfpitalis in de ■fenfionem Chriftianorum - k ecclefie fandte - provifus inftitutus k canonizatus suit sicut predidtum eft quod omnia terre k tenementa dominia feoda ecclefie advocationes : ecclefiarum k libertates cum omnibus ad ea qualitercunque fpedlantibus que fuerunt didtorum Templariorum & de tempore ceffationis & adnullationis predidlarum predidto ordini Hofpitalis k priori k fratribus ejusdem ordinis assignentur k liberentur sibi k fuecefforibus fuis impertuum remanfura. Per quod idem dominus Rex de unanimi confenfu Comitum Baronum k Procerum predidtorum de plenitudine regie poteftatis omnia predidta terras & tenementa dominia feoda ecclefias advocationes k libertates cum pertinentiis predidto ordini Hofpitalis predidli • & priori k fratribus ejusdem ordinis in eodem parliamento afligriavit k ea eis liberari de crevit habend' k tenend' eifdem Priori k Fratribus k fuecefforibus fuis' de domino rege k aliis dominis feodorum predidtorum per. ilia eadem fervitia per que fratres ordinis Militie Templi ea tenuerunt tempore ceflationis k adnullationis ejusdem ordinis Militie Templi ut in refedtione pauperum hofpitalitatibus divinorum celebrationibus defenfione Terre fandte & omnibus aliis oneribus k fervitiis prius aebitis quo cumque nomine cenfeantur imperpetuum. ' Ita semper quod pia k faluberrima voluntas predidtorum donatorum sicut predidtum eft in omnibus teneatur k expleatur & perpetuo fandtiflime perfeveret salva semper cuilibetactione fua fi quam habuit tempore ceffationis k adnullationis predidlarum versus ipfos Tem, plarios in predidtis terris sctenementis feu aliqua parte eorundem fedditibus fervitiis confuetudinibus pen fidnibus corrodiis libfetatio'nibus miffarum celebrationibus eleemofynis k aliis oneribus quibufcumque jus, suum versus predidtos priorem & fratris hofpitalis predidli k eorum successores profequendi secundum le7l gem k confuctudinem regni sicut versus predidtos Templarios haberet fi ordo predidtus non effet adnullatus. Et fl forfitn predidli prior & fratres hofpitalis predidli vel eorum successores de predidtis terris k tenementis feu aliqua parte eorundem postquam feifiti fuerunt de eifdem suit ejedti habeant inde suum rccupe rarc*fec.undum legem communem.

All the tem piers Lands given to the Prior of the Hofpiial of ht. John of h'erufalem. jj Co. 21.

: e

V VI

'■(..

ll I.'.

.T ' ..T r

•

.A •

r -

i A " it :

Statutum

‘i.'oi. mueo'" to mu: oito i tin:.. L :; III d, u, 'l i

.»* m A' f \. t ■

2

Statutum quod vocatur de Ragman de jujlitiariis ajjignatis. *

Cotton MS. Fefpajian> B. 7.

AC_OR.DE eft per nostre Seignur le Roy qe Justices aillent par my la terre a oier Sc enquere & terminer toutez lez pleintez & touz lez trefpaflez faitz dedeinz lez XV anz darrein passez devant la Seint Martyn lan du regne le Roy Edward fitz le Roy H. quart auxibien dez Bailliez & Ministres le Roy come Autres gentz horfpris lez pleez de feloniez & lez pleintz qe pledent aillours devant Justices le.roi& en Countee per briefe iflmt qe la bufoigne qe feit devant eux a terminer qil oient Sc terminent & ceo auxibien dez outrageoufez prifez conteks Sc offencez faitz au poeple ccme dez autres chofez Sc querels per comandement le Roy come dez trefpaflez puis faitz Sc noinmement dcs

frevancez faitz per Bailhfs queux qil soient a la bone gent per qi ferement lez enqueftez furent faitz.

it voet le Roy qe lez pleintez de chefcun soient devant lez avantditz Justices determinez auxibien per briefe come sanz briefe folonc lez articlez baillez a mefmes ceux Justices Sc ceo auxibien dedeinz franchises come dehors. Enfement voet le Roy qe ceux Justices enquergent oient & terminent lez pleintez de ceux qe pleindre fe voudront de ceux qi venuz fontencontre les Eftatutz !e Roy auxibien de chose qe touch le Roy mefmes come le poeple et voet le Roy auxibien de ceux qi ferront atteintz de trespass on foulement apertement arreint qe la parole soit finablement termine Sc les amendez haftivement faite au pleintif En droit de ceux qe soient atteintz du trespass lou emprifoment ou raunfon gift soient lez amendcz haftivement faitz as pleintifs Sc de ceo soit execucion salt sanz delay Sc lez trefpaffours soient mys per bones meinpernours deftre devant le Roy au profchein parliament suant fils puissent maynpcrnours trover Et fi noun deinurgent en prisone & lez Justices enquergent de lour poeir en terrcz Sc en biens & de la manner du trespass Sc qe de ceo certifient le Roy a meline le Parliament iffint qe le Roy lez puisse adonqz punir folonc lour desert Et pur ceo qen tielc manner dez pleez deit la Court eitre favourable le Roy voet Sc enjoint a fez Justices qe nul enquerclant nen refpoignent northeast soit empris per hokettez northeast per barettez per quei la verite northeast soit fuy Sc lez trefpaifours remeignent defpunyz Et fur ceo lez Justices cint regard en temps de guerre Sc as covenantes faitz en mefme le temps & per enchefon de tieu temps nul northeast soit enchefon pur lez covenantz avantditz.

Consuetudines et Ajjifa de Forejia Jive Articuli de Attachiamentis Forejie. b

Cotton MS. Vefpajian, B. 7.

SI quis foreftarius, juratus cuilibet facere attachiamenta, invenerit aliquem attaehiabilem pro viridi in torefta; primo de'oet ipsum attachiare per duos plegios, fi inventus fuerit in loco fufpedlo; sin autem, debet ducere ipsum ad pvoximam Viliam, Sc ibi ponere ipsum per vadium et plegium; Et ft idem alias inveniatur cum viridi, debet ipsum attachiare per quatuor plegios : Et fi tertio inveniatur cum viridi; coram viridario debet prefentari, et poni per octo plegios : Et postea post tertium attachiamentum, corpus suum debet attachiari ct retineri.

Ut memorialiter habeatur quid sit viride; fciend'eft, quod omnes arbores fructum portantes, et etism he que tenent viriditatem per totum annum, et fraxinus fi antiquitus ufum fuerit intra foreftam, Sc arabilis qua dominus Rex eft in feifina.

Si quis foreftarius invenerit extra dominicum bofcum & intra rewardum aliquem profternentem quer cum, fine vifu aut liberatione foreftarii aut viridarii; debet ipsum attachiare per quatuor plegios; ct per visum viridarii debet quercus ilia appreciari, et in rotulo foreftariorum Sc viridariorum et icgardatorum imbreviari, Sc debet poni per fcx plegios salvos;; fi alias inveniatur debent duplicari ejus plegii; Et fi tertio, corpus ejus debet retineri. Et fi aliquis attachiabilis fuerit contra vadium Sc plegium, debet dif tringi per eataila fua infra metas forcftc ubi erunt inventa; fi autem defccerint, liciturn eft corpus suum retinere, quousque fccerit id quod facere debuerit. Si autem infra metas forefte non fuerit> Notneii1 ejus debet irrotulari, & villa de qua fuerit isfc.

Libeiatio houfbote Sc haybote debet fieri, prout bofcus poteft pati in statu quo eft, & non secundum exigentiam ejus cuisit leberatio. Non poteft aliquis dare nec vendere dc bofeo domini Regis fine Warranto cjufdem Regis.

Si aliqua fera inveniatur mortua vel vulncrata, ct non fuerit bcrcatoi um; Ad prima plaeita debet fieri inquifitio per quatuor villas prepinquiores, que debet irrotulari; et inventor debet poni per sex plegios; caro autem debet mitti ad proximam domum leproforum, LI que prope fuerit in pr.rtibus illis, et hoc per testimonium viridariorum et patrie. Si auteni nulla' talis domus fuerit prope, caro debet dari in sir in is ct pauperibus; caput et cutis debent dari liberis hominibus proxime ville; et fagitta, fi que invents fuerit, debet prefentari viridariis, et in veredidto fuo irrotulabitur.

Si Eeporarius inventus fuerit currens ad aliquod nocumentum forelte; capitalis foreftarius debet cum retinere in prefentia viridariorum, et mittere eum domino Regi vel capitali Jufticiario forefte.

Si quis maftivus inventus fuerit currens super aliquam seram. Sc dictus maftivus mutidatus fuerit; ille cujus maftivus ille fuerit erit dc facto ille quietus : Set fi non fuerit mutulatus, ille ejj js erit Maftivus APPEND. ■ E crit

t

» Vet. Stat. fecunja pars.

» Ibid.

2b

Ex alio MS.

Ex yet. Stat. fecund, par.

APPENDIX.

Cotton MS. Vespasian, B. 7.

erit culpabilis tanquam de manupafto fuo, et debet poni per sex plegios, quorum nomina debent imbre viari, et eriain qualis fuerit canis. ' _ -

Si quis cepcrit aliquam seram in forefta fine Warranto; corpus fuunwetinendum eft, ubicumque in veniatur infra nietas foreftc; et quum captus fuerit, non liceat Foreftariis ipsum deliberare fine ipeciali piceepto domini Regis vel Jufticiariorum fuorum.

Si quis videat aliquos malefactores infra metas forefte aliquam seram capere vel afoortare; debet illos capere fecundum.pofle suum: : fi non poteft, debet levare hu & cry; et fi non fecerit, remaneat in miiericordia doinini Regis. _ _; *

Si quis Wodwardus videt aliquos malefadtores in bofeo, qui fuerit in custodia fua, vel seram beftiam invenerit mortuam; debet monftrare capitali foreftario vel viridario fi autem non fecerit, et fore fiarius domini Regis tale delidtum in dicto bofeo, qui fuerit infra rewardum, invenerit; ille bofeus ca piendus eft in raanum domini Regis per preceptum Jufticiariorum, et Wodewardus attaebiandus eft per quatuor plegios.

Si aliquis babuerit bofeum juxta dominicum bofeum nostrum;; eft ei, postquam dominice haie agiftate sunt, habere in bofeo fuo tempore pannagii tot porcos quot dominicus bofeus per visum fore llariorum viridariorum agiftatorum et aliorum proborum hominum poflit pati; Et fi plures ibi fuerint; licitum eft eis, capere panagium de omnibus refiduis, qui plures fuerint, quam ditftus bofeus pofiet pati. Et fiat hoc in cxitu porcorum, C

Sciendum quod tempore pannagii, cum agiftamentum_ debet fieri, debent forejlarii et viridarii regardatores et agiftatores per tommunem ajfienfum intimare jujliciariis de forefta Domini Regis, et inquirere voluntatem fuam, Ut fiat agiftamentum, tarn in dominitis bails, quam in forinfetis bofeis; et secundum mandatum suum et tenorcm literarum debet fieri agiftamentum, qnas literas debent habere coram jujliciariis forefie proxime pofi itinerantibus. Et preceptum 'eft, ut deinceps capiatur de quolibet porco quantum poteft pro pannagio ad opus Domini Regis, J'cilicet units vel duo denarii. De porcellis autem fiat sicut prius folitum eft.

Si quis in alio comitatu miferit averia fua intra metas forefte; foreftarius_ pro pojfe fuo ditta averia debet retinere, et ea ponere per vadios et salvos plegios; quod fi non pojfit, per tejlimonium viridariorum debet vice comiti Hints cmitatus intimare, ut ipse diftriftionem faciat, quousque plegios invenerit; quod ft vicecomes non fecerit, forcjlarius jujliciariis forefte debet hoc intimare.

Ntillus me for debit adducere secum maftivum magnum de noble, ad fugandum Regis feras; fed licitum ejl ad rnrere parvos catulos expeditatos, ad expetlandum extra coopertum.

De his qui clamant habere libertates, sicut canes inexpeaitatos, et leporarios, intra metas forefte; nihil eis hide faciendum eft sine warranto Domini Regis vel Jufticiariorum fuorum..

Si quis bofeus remaneat in manu Domini Regis per unum annum et diem; in voluntate Domini Regis ejl, nisi pojfit retuperari per judicium Jufticiariorum.

'Omnes mete forefte integre sunt Domino Regi.

Sciendum qnod bene licitum ejl Abbati de Burgo Sandii Petri, venari, et capere leporem et vulpem et murele gurn infra metas forejle, et habere canes non expeditatos; quia fuffkiens habet inde ivarrantum.

Sciendum quod Dominus Petrus de Monteforti nullum habet warrantum, quin pojfit fieri attachiamentum in bofeo fuo.

Sciendum quod Jufticiariis precipitur, quod fi quis hominum Episcopi Lyncolif intret in bofeum suum forinfccum extra parcum, corpus suum retinendum ejl; et ille bofeus remaneat in manu Domini Regis pro defeblu foreftar'.

Quando viridarii ceperint inquifitionem, unus apponat sigillum, et alius rotulum teneat; et fie de forefta in foreftam usque adventum Jufticiariorum : tunc primo die ipse et omnes miniftri prefentabunt rotulum, aut amercientur. Et manucapti pro forefta eo die proferantur, aut manucaptio incurratur. •

Homo attachiatus pro ramis cells, placitum illud pertinet ad Swainmotum coram fenefcallo; et atta chiatus pro quercu proftrata in dominica Regis vel alterius, pertinet coram Jufticiariis. - Et fi iiobfanter aiicubi fecerit, jacet imprisonamentum.

Attachiatus ad Swainmotum pro viridi non prefentato ad proximum, ad aliud prefentatio non preju dicet; fed capiatur ad foreftarium pro concelamento, et eat attachiatus quietus per afiifam.

Si foreftarius in dominico bofeo Regis consentiat delicto; capiat Rex fuo fuperiori, et libi fi. suffi ciens fit.

Bofeus vaftatus ad quodlibet iter Jufticiariorum dabit Domino Regi dimidiam marcam..

Statutum Armorum ad forniamenta. a - E perantiquo MS.

anoftre Sesgnur le Roi prient et requerent les Countes e les Barons e la Chivalerie de Engleterre ke come il sunt accordez kil voille commander e confirmer un eftatut ties arms ke nul nc feit fl hardi deforemes Counte northeast Baroun northeast autre Chivaler ke au tornei voifent. de aver plus ke III Esquires arms pur lui servir au tornei E ke chefeun efquier port chapel.des arms fan seignur kil fervira a la jornee pur enfeigne E ke nul Chivaler northeast efquier ke serve au tornei northeast port efpeie apoint me eotel spoint tie ballon tie mace fors efpeie large pur torneer E ke tuz les baneours ke baneres portent feient

annex

• Vet. Stat. secunda pars.

APPENDIX. 27

E pcrantiquo MS.

armez. de muftilera e de quifers e de efpaullers e de batin sans plus E lil avient ke nul Counte ou Baron ou autre'chivaler voife encontre leftatut per laflent e le commandement Sire Edward nostre Scignur fiz le Rey e Sir Edmund son frere e Sire Willame de Valence e Sire Gilbert de Clare e Ie Counte de Nichole ke celui Chivaler ke ifli ferra trouve enforfet en nulli point encontre leftatut feit encoru cele pain ke il perde chival e arines e demoerge en prison a la volunte des avantditz Sire Edward, ce lefquier ke ferra trouve fefant encontre leftatut ke iff! eft dev'ife en aucun point perde son chival e le harneys e feit III anz en la prison E ke nul northeast sake Chivaler a terre fors ceus ke ferront arms pur lour Seignur servir ke le Chivaler puisse recoverir son chival e celui encontrefefant feit en la forfeiture de efquiers avantditz E ke nul fiz de grand Seignur cell afaver de Counte ou de Baron northeast feit arm fors de mufte lers e defquifers e ke nul port coteil apoint northeast efepeie northeast mace fors efpeie large E ft nul feit trove keen aucun de ces pointz voit encontre leftatut kil perde son chival lequel il ferra monte a la jornec e feit a la prison un an E ceux qe vendront pur veer le tornement northeast feient arms de nule manner de armure northeast kil northeast portent efpeie northeast cotel northeast baston northeast mace northeast piere fur la forfeiture defquiers avantditz E ke nul gar coun northeast home a pie northeast port efpeie cotel mace northeast baston northeast piere E ft il soit trove enforfet ke il feit en prison VII anz E ft aucun grand Seignur ou autre tiegne mangerie ke nul efquier northeast ameigne einz fors: ces ke trencheront devant lor Seignur E ke nul harald northeast marelchal northeast portent priveement arm northeast autre fors lour efp'eies sanz point E ke les reys des haraus event lour houces des arms sanz plus.

Statutum de roifu terre, et effonio de fervitio Domini Regis. 3

VI S U S non concedetur in brevi de custodia;; brevi de confuetudinibus et fervitiis; in brevi de advocatione ecclefie, nili in calu quando sunt plures ecclefie in una villa de eodem Sandto; in brevi de dote aftignanda; in brevi de Nuper obiit.

Efionium de fervitio Domini Regis non jacet in brevi nove diffeifine, in brevi de dote unde nihil habet, in brevi ultime prefentationis, et appello de morte hominis.

Statutum de jujiiciariis Affignatis. b

Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

CU M Dominus Rex ultimis ftatutis fuis Weftm' precepiffet quod in fingulis Comitatibus certi Jufticiarii aflignarcntur ad alfifas juratas Sc certificationes capiendas in Comitatibus illis certis tem poribus Sc non aliis ac pro eo quod tarn Jufticiarii de utroque Banco quam Jufticiarii itinerantes cum in itineribus non fuerint qui ad premiffa facienda aftignati fuerint temporibus limitatis multotiens impediti tarn ratione officii fui quam preceptorum Domini Regis sibi diredtorum venire non potuerunt ad dies Sc loca per ipfos assignatos per quod per eorum abfentiam multi jure fuo fuerunt elongati & injurie remanferunt impuniti.

Dominus Rex in quantum poterit volens quod unicuique de regno fuo de injuria sibi facta celeris fiat justitia precepit quod de cdtero assignentur octo Jufticiarii circumfpeifti Sc difcreti ad allifas juratas & certificationes'capiendas per totum regnum Anglie duo videlicet in Comitatibus Ebor' Northumbr' welv merl' Cumbrie Lane' Not' Sc Derb'. Et duo in Commitatibus Lincoln' Leyc' Warr' Stafford' Salop' North' Rotel' Glouc' Hereford' & Wygorn Et duo in Comitatibus Cornub' Devon' Somers' Dors' Wiltes' Su'tht' Oxen' Berk' Sussex' & Burr'. Et duo in Comitatibus Kant' Essex' Hertf' Norff' Suf' Cantebr' Hunt' Bed' & Buk.'' Et assise jurate & recognitiones de Comitaru Midu' capiantdr coram juf treiariis de Banco Qui quidem octo Jufticiarii ut predidtum eft aftignati ad aftifas et certificationes ca ' piendas fpecialiter intendant & aflidue per totum annum videlicet locis quibus melius & plus ad commo dum populi viderint esse faciend' terminis ftatutis in predidto ultimo statuto Weftm' ad allifas capiendas nullatenus obfervatis. Nec concedantur aliqua brevia de affifis juratis & recognitionibus alicui coram aliis Jufticiariis quam coram prefatis Jufticiariis assignatis nisi de fpeciaii gratia Regis. • >'

. Cotnpojitio' ulnarum et perticarym. C

': -. > Cotton MS. Claudius, D. 2.

ordinatum eft quod tria grana ordei sicca & faciunt.pollicem, duodecinr pollices faciunt pedem, tres pedes faciunt ulnam, quinque ulne Sc dimidia faciunt perticam, & quadraginta pefti'ce in longitudine Sc quatuor in latitudine faciunt unam aqram. — '

a Vet. Stat. secunda pars. b Ibid.

E 2

C Ibid.

Statutum

APPENDIX

2s

Statutum de brevi de hiquijitionibus concedendo de terris ad manum mortuam ponen

dis. 3 Anno 20 Edw. I. •

DE religiofis terras aut tcnementa de cetero de fcodis fuis aut aliorum perquirere volentibus, per quod terre aut tenementa ilia ad manum mortuam deveniant, contra formam ftatuti Domini Regis nuper fupcr lioc editi per ipsum Dominuin Regem et Consilium suum in pleno Parliamento fuo Provifum eft et concordatum, quod de cetero, viz,, de die lune proxime post festum beat Marie virginis anno regni fui XX non concedatur alicui breve Domini Regis in Cancellaria de inquifition§ fa cienda; II fit ad" damnum. Domini Regis vel aliorum, fi ipse dare polfit vel assignare aliquibus religiofis aut aliis terras aut tenementa aliqua, juxta formam brevis in Cancellaria ufitati, in casu quo terre aut tenementa ilia ad manum mortuam deveniant, nisi per petitiones in pleno Parliamento porre&as. Et ita quod, LI religiofi illi aut alii, quibus terre aut tenementa ilia fic fuerint concedenda, sint ita pauperes et exiles, quod de fuo proprio vivere non poterunt: Dominus Rex, super hoc habito consilio, facie.t de gratia fua quod sibi placuerit.

Statutum de Judeifmo. b

fdrujt'cpc'j'j' | 1 U R ceo que le Roy ad viewe, que multz de males et dilheritefons de prodes hommes de fa terre all Sardes c/n font avenus per les ufuries, que les Jewes ont salt cco en arrere, ut que multz des peclies ent font chniagujury. JL surd de ceo; mes que luy et fes ancestors event eu grande preu de la Jewrie tout en ceo en arrere : nient purquant en lonour de Dieu, et pour la comen preu del people, ordeigne le Roy et efta blie, que nul Jew deforemes nc preste rien a ufurie fur terres rents northeast fur autres choses; et que nul ulure me courge del Seint Edward procheinment paste en avant. Mes que les covenants avant faitz soient tenus, fiauve qe les ufuries mes ceflent: mes que touts que deivent dette a Jewes fur gauges moebles, les acquitent entre cy et la Pafche a pluis tard; et fi non, soit encorus. Et fi nul Jewe preste a usure contre ccft eftablifement; le Roy pur luy northeast pour nul de foens tie fe entermettra, le fair lay rccoverer son pressed, eins luy punira a fa volunt pur la trespass, et au Chriftien fra droiture de son. gauge rccoverer.

Et purveu eft, que les distresses pur dette des Jewes northeast soient deforemes fi grievoufes, que la moyte de la terre et des chateaux as Chriftiens northeast demorge a lour sustenance. Et que nul distress northeast soit salt pur debt dc la Jewrie fur le heure au dettour nofme en la chartre de Jew, northeast fur autre que teigne la terre que suit a dettour, avant que la dette soit dereigne et conue en court. Et fi viscount ou autre bailliff per commandement le Roy deive fair seisin au Jewe, a un ou plufours, pur lour dette, de chateux ou de terre a la value de la dette; les chateux soient prises par ferement de prodes homes, et soient bailiz an Jewe ou a Jewes, ou a lour meftagc, a la mountance de la detie; et fi les chateux northeast fufficent, lez ter rez soient extendus par mefine le ferement, avant qe la seisin soit, liver au Jew ou as Jewes, a chefcun folonc son afterant, ifiiut que lem puifie saver certeinement que lp dette soit quite, quefe Chriftien puis adonques avoir fa terre : faufe a touts jours au Chriftien la moitee de la terre et de fes chateaux a fa fuftinance, come avant eft dit, et la chefe mees.

Et fi nul 'chose emble apres ceft heure soit trove en la seisin de Jew, et afeun voudra fuer; le Jewe eyt son garant, fi aver le poet, et fi non, refpoigne; Mint que de ceo unques northeast soit privilege auterinent que Chriftien.

Et que touts les Jewes soient manantz en les cities et en les boroughes propres le Roy, ou les houches cyrograffes de la Jewrie soient eftre. Et que chefcun Jewe, puis que II averoit paste VII ans, port unsign en son fovereigne garnement, ceft afeavoir en form de deux cables joyntz de feutre tandue, de la Ibngure de VI pous et de la lature de III pous : et que chefcun, puis que il avera paste XII ans, pa: e III deniers de chiefage par an au Roy, que serfs il font, a la pafche; et ceo soit entende auxibien de femmes come de homes.

Et que nul Jewe eit poier, de feoffer autre Jewe northeast Chriftien de lour mefons rentes ou tenements, que ils event ore aprivoifes, northeast de aliener en nul manner, northeast de fair acquitance a nul Chriftien de fa dette, sans la conge le Roy especial; taut que le Roy eit autre chose ordeigne.

Et pur ceo que ft ynt efglife voet et foeffre, que ils vivent, et soient gardez; le Roy les prent en fa protection, et lour doigne fa peax, et voet que ils vivent et soient gardez ct defendus per fes vifeountes et les autres bailliftcs et par fes foialx; et commands que nul lour face male tort northeast fort en lour corps northeast en lour biens moebles ou non moebles, et que ils northeast pledent northeast soient cmplcdes travailles nc challenges en nully court forfque en le court le Roy, que serfs ils font.

Et que nul northeast soit obcifant refpoignant northeast rent rendant forfque au Roy ou a fes bailiffes en son nome, fi ceo northeast soit de lour meafons, que ils teignent ore pur rent rendant; fauve le droit de fant efglife.

Et le Roy lour grant, que ils vivent de lour merehandifes loialx et par lour labour, et que ils commit nent ovefque les Chriftiens pour loialment merchander en venant et en achatant; Mes que per ceft en chefon northeast autre northeast nul Chriftien soit couchant northeast levant enter eux. Et northeast voet le Roy, que par enchefon de lour marchandise, que soient en lottes northeast en efcotes nen tallage ove ceux de cities northeast de boroughes ou il? meignent; de ficome ils font tayllables au Roy come les foens serfs, et a nul autre.

Derechiefe

8 Vet. Stat. fccunda pars.

6 Ibid.

Dercchiefe le Roy lour grant, que ils puissent achater meforvs et curtilages en les cities on en les bo roughes, ou ils meigneqt; iflint que ils les tiegnent en chief du Roy. Sauve as Seignorages les feryices dues et customes.

t que ils puissent prendre terres a ferme a terma de dix ans, ou a meins, sans prender homages et foialties northeast tiel manner dobeiflaunce de Chriftien, et sans avoir avoufon de saint efglife, pur gagner en le fecle lour vivre, fi ils northeast fcavent marchaunder, ou northeast poient labourer. Et ceft poiar, pur prender terres a ferme, northeast lour durera forfque XV ans de cell heure an avant.

Statutam de Catall' felonum.a

.. Cotton MS. Vespasian, B. 7.

RE X Vic' & omnibus aliis fidelibus fuis Salutem. Sciatis quod provifum eft in Curia ncftra coram Juftic' noftris, quod de cetero nullus captus pro morte hominis'vel pro alia feionia, pro qua deberet imprisonari, diffeifietur de terris & tenementis vel catallis fuis, quousque fuerit con vifhis de feionia, de qua rettatus fuerit : Set quam cito captus fuerit, per visum cuftodum placi.torum Corone nostre, & per vifiim vie' vel aliorum ballivorum noftrorum, & legalium hominum, videantur te nementa & catalla predifta & inbrevientur, & salvo cuftodiantur per ballivos iplius capti; qui bonam fccuritatem nobis invenerint, ad respondendum coram Jufticiariis de catallis vel de pretio, ft ab eis exi gatur: Salvis tamen ipfi capto & family sue neceflariis fuis, quam diu fuerit in prisona, & rationabili eftoverio; ut cum idem captus coram Jufticiariis noljris fuerit convidus de feionia, tunc residuum catal lorum ultra eftoverium suum secundum regni confuetudinem nobis remaneat, cum termino unius anni & unius diei de terris & tenementis fuis.

Et fi coram Jufticiariis fe defendere poterit de feionia sibi impofita, tunc catalla fua sibi remaneant quiete. Et ideo vobis precipitous, quod in ballivis veftris de cetero ita faciatis fieri, & firmiter prohibemus vobis, northeast predifta occafione aliter manum imponatis in terras & tenementa vel catalla alicujus predifto modo capta. T. C

Statutum pro tenentibus per legem Anglie. b

CU M qiiis itaque terram cum uxore in maritagio ceperit, fi ex eadem uxore fua heredem fi lium vel filiam clamantem auditum intra quatiior parietes habeat procreatum, fi idem vir uxorem fuam fupervixerit, five heres vivat, five non, ipfi viro remanebit maritagium illud, poll mo iem viri ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem reverfurum : Si autem nullum ex uxore fua habuerit heredem, tunc post mortem uxoris ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem revertetur. Et hec eft causa, quare in maritagio non folet recipi nomagium. Si enim donata eflet aliqua terra ficin maritagium, vel alio modo, quod cum recipiatur homagium, tanquam ad donatorem de cetero vel ad ejus heredem licite posset revertif ut fupradidum eft. Illud vero judicium erit de secundo viro, quod dictum eft de primo, fi heres reliquerit primo, five non.

Prohibitio formata de Statuto Articulorum Cleri. C

ED WAR DUS, C Prelatis Archidiaconis Olficialibus et aliis miniftris eeclefiafticis per diocefim Norw' conftitutis falutem. Cum cognitiones placitorum super feodalibus et libertatibus feodalium, ofticiis miniftrorum, executionibus contra pacem noftram faflis, felonum negationibus, confuetudini bus fecularibus, attachiamentis VI laica, malefadoribus rettatis, roberiis, arreltationibus, maneriis, advo cationibus ecclefiarum, conveptionibus, fufficientibus afiifis juratis et recognitionibus laicum feodum contingcntibus, et rebus aliis ac caufis pecuniarum et de aliis catallis et debitis, que non de testamento vel matrimonio; ad coronam et dignitatem pertineant ejusdem regni, de confuetudine ejusdem regni appro bata et hadlenus obfervata. Et proceres feu magnates et alii de eodem regno temporibus noftrorum prede ceflorum Regum Anglie feu noftro, aufloritate alicujus non confueverant contra confuetudinem ii'iam. super hujufinodi rebus in causa trahi vel compelli ad comparendum coram quocunque judice ecclefiaftico. Nofque et progenitores nostri confuetudine predifta pro nobis et aliis de regno uli fuerimus fern per, et libertatibus hujufinodi tanquam pertinentibus ad regiam dignitatem noftram. Ac vos et miniftii veftri de communitate comitatuum noftrorum Norf' et Suf' qui pro hujufinodi rebus per vices pro vo luntatibus veftris tra'nitis in placitis coram vobis in curia Chriftianitatis ut ex relat'd fidedignorum pro cero' accepimus. Vobis prohibimus northeast plackum illud teneatis in curia Chriftianitatis, maxim cum hujufmodi placira ad nos et non ad alium perdneant in eodem regno. Ac Nos super his et aliis quorum cognitio ad No, pertinet parati fumus quibufeunque per Nos et miniftros noftros in curia nostra plenam ac celerem juftitiam exhibere. Mandamus autem dilefto et fideli noftro R. vicecomiti noftro comitatuum predifio rum quod premifla vobis et aliis in partibus illis talia et confimilia in prejudicium dignitatis nostre regie ac

ceptantibus.

* Yet. st.'it, ftcumia pc, rs, b Ibid. f Ibid.

3^

A P P E N D I X

'Cotton MS.

ceptantibus firmiter Inhibeat ex parte nofira. Et quod fiqui veftri hujufmodi placita teneant, vel fiqui ea fequantur coram vobis In cutia Chriftianitatis contra prohibitionem noftram predidlam, didtus vicecomes vos et alios hujufmodi platita tenentcs vel fequentes ponat per vadios ct salvo's plcgios, quod fitis vel sint coram Jufticiariis noftris apud Weftm' ad certum diem, ad refpondendunrcoram cis super premiffis, et ad faciendum ulterius, quod hacftenus in hujufmodi cafibus et confimilibus fieri confuevit.' Et quod nop per mittant quod aliqui laici in balliva fua in aliquibus locis conveniant ad aliquas recognitiones per sacramenta fua faciendas, nil! in caufis matrimonialibus et tefiamentariis. Et northeast super hujufmodi feodis, debifis, .et catallis, coram vobis et aliis judicibus ecclefiafticis in prejudicium jurisdicttionis nostre regie ad coronam et dignitatem noftram fpedtantis ire prefumant. Et quid vos in hac parte de his feceritis, reddatis Nos ad plenum certiorcs. In cujus rei testimonium, C Teste, C

Articuli et Sacramenta Minijlrorum Regis in itiners 'jujliciariorum. a

AD principium itineris Jufticiariorum circa sacramentum scire debes, quod in primo adventu ju fticiariorum in itinere fuo breve per quod potestas cis concefia ell in plena curia legi debeat. Deinde precipietur, quod nihil efficietur in villa vel in comitatu, nisi lit coram Jufiiciariis, vel in civi tate pretcxtu eorundem adventus. Deinde, quod nulle nundine riec serie teneantur, fed quod comitatus teneatur folummodo ad profros faciendos, fed in eo nullum placitabitur placitum, nisi breve de redo, et appellum de morte hominis. Deinde precipietur, quod nullum conducatur hospitium, fed venientibus gratis concedatur.

Sacramenta vicecomit.um et aliorum ballivorum.

. Hoc sacramentum preftabitur a vicecomite et fubvicecomite,

. Ceo ores vous Justices, que jeo loialment frai loffice que eft appendant a raon countee, et a moy come a viscount, et ceo northeast lerrai pur rich northeast povre, northeast pur amour, northeast pur haine, que loialment Ie frai. Si Dieu moy aide et fes faintz.

Iftud sacramentum a miniftris viceeomitis cum eligent duos milites.

Ceo oies vous justices, que jeo loialment efiirrai deux chivalers et deux autres prodes‘homes del hundred de N. qui northeast font appellors, nappelles, northeast maintenours, de appeles, northeast maintenours des plees que touchent la corone, et qui mieulx sachent et voillent fair ceo que lour ferra commande de par le Roy; ct pur rien northeast lerrai, qe jeo northeast frai a mon efcient. Si Dieu moy eide et fes feintz.

Iftud sacramentum preftabitur a militibus eledtis per predidtos ballivos.

Ceo oies vous Justices, que nous loialment eilirrons, auxibien de nous mefines come des autres prodes homes de nostre hundrede, qui mieux savent et voillent et puissent verite dire de ceo que lem lour demandera de par 1c Roy, et qui northeast font appellors, nappellees, northeast mainteynours des plees que touchent la corone, et pur rien northeast lerrons, que loialment northeast frons. Si Dieu moy ayde et fes feyntz.

. Hoc sacramentum preftabitur a xij: militibus, quum per duos eliguntur.

Ceo oiez vous Justices, qe jeo loialment dirrai, et loialment frai, ceo que lem moy demandera de par le Roy; et vos counsels' celerai; et pur rien northeast lerrai, que loialment frai a mon efcient. ■ Si moy aide Dieu, et fes feyntes.

Hoc sacramentum preftabitur ab omnibus ballivis alio modo quam prius.

Ceo oies vous Justices, que jeo loialment frai ceo que a mon office .appent, et .vos counsels celeray, northeast nul home pur hainge greverai, northeast pur savour aiderai. Si Dieu moy aide et fes feintes.

Deinde libcrentur omnes articuli de comitatu xij juratoribus cujuffibet hundredi, et deinde assigna bitur eis tempus vercdifta fua reddendi fub pena milericordie Regis. Et fi non reddiderint amcrciabun tur fccundujn quod Jufticiarii melius .viderint expedire.

De Magnis qjjijis & duellis. b Cotton MS. vefpa/ian, B. 7.

Vet. N. E. i. 13 ATAILLE northeast grand Assise fe joynent parentre parentz, .jefqes il feit pafiee 1c tierce degree, lou ils J cleyment per mefme la defeent: mes bataille. fe joint entre.freres; lou lun eft fesse & cleyme per defeent de heritage.' Bataille fe j int, & grand assise nen.t; lou un'homme eft fesse & a garant per chartre, qil ad de son feffour; le vouche poet dedire la chart re per le cors un' son franc homtne; & la ■ne' gift point grand assise. .Grant assise fe. joint, A' - bataille nent; lou homme vend terre a. autre, cclluy vend avant cell. terre, A', il nad pluis de terre per quoi il rend fa chartre dont il fuift fesse' ' le Heir ie primer feffour & iuy entplede per briefc de droif; il northeast purra fa feifine defendre per le cors ini' son franc homme, mes il fe purra. mettre. en dieu & en la grand Assise. Bataille & grand .assise fe joint nent, lou le demandant cle.ims. tenir en franc.mariage, franc burgage, & en G; tvelkynde, en autres inanerez, ficom il demand fors que petit chofc, ileum acre, toft, ou eftank, donque per.agard 8 dez

a Vet. Stat. fearnda pars. *> Tettell Mag. Chart.

a: E PJ E N D I X

Cotton MS..

dcz Justices ft poet !1 corilentiep en une Jurre de XII franks hommes, en lieu de grand assise, pur efpar nir le travaille dexii chivalers, 3 per ceo qil dirront & front lour ferement arecountre verite, sanz dire a lour afcient.

"De dimijjione [feu divifione ] denariorum.b

QUIA multorum Regum temporibus provifum suit, quod propter pauperes denarius argenti, ce ftafcavoir fterlirigus, quotiens neceflitas expoftulat, divideretur in obolos et quadrantes, ex parte .uomini Regis diftridte precipitur, quod quicunque in emptionibus et venditionibus obolum feu qua drantem. legalis metalli et debitam habentem formam recufare prefumpferit; tamquam regie niaje ftatis contemptor capiatur, et in carcerem detrudatur. Preceptum eft etiam, quod fubeat judicium pillorii. ',

An Ordinance for Measures.

BY tite consent of the whole Realm of England the measure of our Soveraigne Lord the King was made, that is to say, an English penie, called a sterling, round and without any clipping, shall weigh XXXII wheate cornes .in the middes of the ear, and XX d. shall make an ounce and XII ounces, i. hand VIII LI shall make a galon of wine, and VIII galons of wine shall make i. bushel London, which is the eight part of a quarter.

... i _, •

NOVA STATUTA.

Anno primo EDWARD! III

Statutes made at Westminster, the Seventh of March., in the First Tear of the Reign of the Noble King Edward the Third, Stat. i. in the Tear of our Lord 1327.

A Confirmation of the Banishment of Hugh Spencer the Father, and Hugh

Spencer the Son.

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond. m. 29.. ' ■'

OME Hugh le Despenser le piere & Hugh le Despenser Ie fiuz nadgares a la fuite Thomas exp, adonqes Counte de Lancaftr' & de Leyceftr' senefcha.i dengleterre par cammun assent & des piers & du poeple du Roialme & par laflent du Roi Edward piere noftrc Seignur le Roi qore eft cotjie treitres & enemys du Roi & du poeple feuffen t exiles delheritez & banuz.hors; du Roialme pur tous jours puys apres mefmes ceux Hugh & Hugh par ifiaiveis conseil qe.le dit rolavo.it pre.srijejuy adcnqes fauoz assent des piers & du poeple revindrent en dit Roialme & eux &; autres abetterent le dit Roi Edward a.purfure le dit'counte de Lancaftre & autres'graunz &'gentz du'poeple dur.roila medeh quele purfuite le dit Counte de Lancaftre & autres graunz & gentz'dtt.pdeple du roialme, vo]untrivemeht flurent mortz‘& delheritez Scafcuns utlagez batiuz & delheritez '& afouns de(heritez.& emprifpne^&afqqris'.xelntz & delheretez .& apres tieux mauveiftez les ditz, Httgh stchugh lileftre robert de Baldok; Efmpn jadis Counte darundell acrocherent a eux roial poer erttieu manure qe Ie dit Roi Edward rien ne.fift.ne'ne

; .... V oieit

* Pur ceo qe il dirrnnt et front lour ferment sans dire qe il dirrunt veyr u.leur.aiflcnt. 'Reg. q 'All.' it: pur' eeo iqil ditront et front ferment'faunz dire a lur aefeient. M. MS. doijj'bs.'dshbithriw

a lour alfcient. Tcttell. ' ' it;; '

Tottel Mag. Chart.

32

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Unrr. Lond. m. 29.

voleit fa ire fors qe ceo qe Ies ditz Hugh & Hugh Robert Efmon Counte darundell luy confelerent northeast fuft ceo ja fi grant tort duraunt quele acrochement. par durte Sc par force countre volunte des gentz de la terre ils purchacerent terres par sins en la Court Je dit Roy Edward et en autre manner. Etcomc apres la mort le dit Counte de Lancaftre & des autres grantz nostre Seignur le Roi qore eft & madame Ifabele Rome dengleterre fa miere de la volume le dit Roy Edward & par commun conseil du Roialme a laflent es parties de France par procurer bien de pees entre les deux Roialmes defiaunee & dengleterre fur afcuns debats qe adonqes eftoient' meutz les ditz Hugh & Hugh Robert & Efmon Counte darundel continuantz lour ntauvefle movcrent le corage le dit Roi Edward eontre nostre Seignur le Roi son fiuz qore efl Sc la Roine fa compaigne & par poair roial qil avoient a eux acrochez ft come defus eft dit tantz de durte procurerent eftre salt par Jaffent du dit Roi Edward au dit nofire Se'gnur le Roi qore eft & a la Roine fa miere adonqes efteauntz dela la mier qe eux y demorerent relinquiz du dit Roi Edward & come exilez hors du Roialme de dengleterre. Par quoi il covenift nostre dit Seignur le Roi qore eft & la Roine fa miere enfimys a fi grant mefchets de eux mefmes en eftraunge terre & attendauntz les de ftru&ions damages oppressions Sc difheritifons qe notoirement furent faitz en dit Roialme dengleterre fur feinte eglise Prelatz Countes Barons & autres grauntz Sc fur le poeple du Roialme par les ditz Hugh Sc Hugh Robert Efmon Counte darundell par poair roial a eux iflint acroche mettre y le bon conseil qil purroient Sc veiauntz qe eux northeast poient remeae mettre fors qe par force taunt fefoient qil vindrent en en gleterre a grant force des gentz darmes & par la grace de Dieu ove cele force Sc ove leide des grauntz & du poeple du Roialme unt vencuz Sc deftrut les ditz Hugh & Hugh Robert Efmon Counte darundell Dount nostre Seignur e Roi Edward qe ore eft fiuz du dit Roi Edward qe fut fiuz le Roi Edward fiuz le Roi Henri a fi n parliament tenu a Weftmonfier a son coronement lendemeyn de la chaunde lure Ian de son regne primer fur afcuns petitiones Sc requeftes qe luy furent faites au dit parliament fur les choses motez a defus par commun conleil ies Prelatz Countz Barons & autres grauntz Sc le commun du Roialme illoeqs efieauntez par son ccmaundement provift ordina Sc efiablit en la fourme qe fenfuit.

CAP. I.

None shall be impeached which took Part with the King against his Father.

prijnerejnent qe nul grant ou autie de quel eft: -; ignite ou condition qil soit qe vindrent ove le dit Roi quore eft Sc ove la Ro northeast fa miere en Roialme dengleterre northeast autres adonqes demorauntz en mefme le Roialme Sc qe vindrent as ditz Roi Sc Roine cn lour < ide a purfure lour ditz enemys en quele purfuite le Roi le piere fuft punuy pris Sc mis en grrde & uncore demoert en guard northeast soit empeehe molefte northeast greve en person northeast en beins en la Court le Roi northeast en Court dautri pur k fuyte du dit Roi pris Sc detenue de son corps northeast pur fuyte dautre prise des perfones chafteux ou de Chateux mort de home ou quecunqes autres chofcs faites en la dite purfuite du jour qe les avauntdiz Roi Sc Roine ariverent taunqe au jour du coronement du dit Roi. Et nest pas lentention du dit Roi qe meffefours qe firent trespass ou autres malx hors de la dite purfuyt soient covert northeast avantage event de ceft eftatut einz qils ent soient refpoignauntz a la lei.

CAP. II

The Repeal of the Exile made void.

ITEM qe le repel du dit exil le quel fut salt par force Sc par durte soit anenti Sc nul a touz jours Sc qe mefme cel exil salt par agard des piers & du poeple Sc par afient du Roi ficome defus eft dit teigne force en touz pointz folonc la tenur de chefcun article eontenu en yceh

CAP. III

The Executors of those that were wrongfully (lain shall have aion to recover their testators Goods. (2) All Assurances made to the Rebels by Duress shall be void.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

£ X p. j TF. M qe fos executours des teftamentz de touz eeux qe furent de la dite querele event action & re

JL coeverent ks.biens & les chateux de ceux de mefme la querele dount ils fount executours auxiavant come eeux ce mefme ia queiele qe fount en vie le unt par cause dc la querele.

Et qe sins ventes dons de terre & reconiftaunees des dettes puys le temps del exil des ditz Hugh Sc Hugh salt pr force <5* durte as ditz Hugh & Hugh Efmon court darundell Robert de Baltiok & wau tefi de Stapelton jadis Evefqe dexceftr' ou au auietin de eux soient defaitz. Et eft acorde Sc eftabli qe en cas ou nul voudra par voi dailion defaire fyn vente ou don de terre ou reeoniflaunce de dette faite par force ou par durte as elites perfones ft come defus eft dit eit bref de la Chauncellerie affair venir le tran fecrit du pec tie la fyn & la tenor de la reeoniflaunce devaunt le Roi Sc les Justices aflignez a tenir les ■ piees devant le Roi affocie a eux deux Evefqes deux Countes deux Barons ou tie chefcun eftat un Sc garnle la party tenaunt de la terre dount tiel fvn eft leave don ou vente faite fi trove soit en la Court le Roi par couiffaunce de party ou par loialeenqueue aprendre qe tiel fyn vente ou, don fuft leave op faite par durte

4 • ' de

33

APPENDIX

/ Ex: oj^ot.^ 3t^'y Lend.

de prifoa ou par dome d tnorte adonqes soit defait & execution soit faite outre pur le pleintif come ap pent fur la restitution des terres & tenements qe fount en autri meyn qe'en les meyns le Roi Au tiel probes'foi't?f%it'des; tet'resqe'fpunt.en la.meynle Roi dount firis fount levez garni le gardein dcs dites terres. eten. cas onmiil voudrdt 'de'maunder terre .par commune'lei'& tiel fin ou autre salt soit this en barre'de fa dcmaunda adcmqes foit'faittaxtxicome i ad eltev cea.'eri^arere ou reles ou'quite clamcr ad este mys en' bar daftion entre: parties''ou; emprisonemertt ad este '.a!egge: V ' 'Mes nest pas lentention du Rbi ne.de son conseil qe ceux qe unt vendu, lour terres ou relefle ou quitclame do. lour fraunche Volume event avantage par ceft cftatut. .>;, V

V V

Statutum de Cibar'us. utendis, edltum apud Nottingham, Anno io Edw. III

Stat. & Anno. 1336. :

X ai .... ...

p.v. .Ex Rot. t«?rvland. m. 24. D.

UR ce qe avant ces heures par outrajoufes & trop des maneres des couftoufes viandes qe les gentz f du Roialme unt-ufez plus qe nul part aillours moultz des mefcheefs lont avenuz as gentz du dit Roialme. Car les grantz par tieles outrages ont eftez moult grevez Sc les menes gentz qe fafforcent foleinent de contrefaire les grantz en tiel. manere.des, viandes font moult, empovres dont ds nont. poajr dai dcr as eux meifmes nea lour liege Seignur.. en feinps ide bufoagtie ficomeils deivent. Et autres aftez des mals font avenuz auxibien as alnyes coju? as .qorps & les fu/dites ch.pfes Sc grevances propofez & monftrez devant nostre Seignur le Koy'en soft grand conlefl tenu a Notyngh' Lundy profehein apres la fefte de Seint Matheu lapoftle land son regne difme supply feuft par les Prelatz Countes Barons & les commu naltez de son Roialme illoeqes aflem.blez. per. Rs inandefnentz qil vouiift fur ce pur profit de son poeple ordener remede covenable nostre dit Seignur le Roi defirant commune profit auxibien des grantz come de son 'commune, poeple de son Roialme & considerantz les^mals greva'ncesj & mefehiefs avantditz par commune aftent des Seignurs.& communes fufditz .qe illoeqes eftient a loneur de Dieu Sc lamendement dede stat de la commune de, son Roialme. ad ordene.qe nul de quel eftat ou condition qil soit fc face' servir en son..houftel ne.nulle part aillourba diner manger nefouper northeast nul autre temps forfqe de deux cours Sc chefcun mee.s de deux nianers des viandes a plus soient ils des chares ou de pesfhons ove communes pet tages fauns fawes.ourautie manner de viande & LI nul home voet'avoir fawes pur meefe les eit fi qils northeast foient.faitz de grantz couftes Sc chares .on peiton y deivent eftre mys northeast soit mys forfqe deux maneres ou, de chares ou de peslhon a plus Sc eftoife en lieu de meefe forfpris le plus grantz sectes del an ceft afiavoir la yelle Sc lefiour de Noel lejour de Seint Eftiephne le jour del an renoef les jours de la Tiphaynei & de la Purification de, nostre Dame la veile & le jour de Pafche & lendemain del dit jour de Pafque Sc le jour de laicenfion le jpup de la Pentecost Sc lendemain le jour de la Trinitee le jour de la Nitivitee de Seint Johan .le jour de seint Pier Sc de Seint Paul les .jours del Assumption & Nativitee nostre Dame Sc le jour de toiltz Seintz queux sectes & chefcun le puisse servir de trois cours au plus en la manner avantdit. Et voet nostre Seignur le Roi Sc commande par assent avantdit qe ceftes ordenance & eftatut commencent de tenir par tout le roialme le Lundy profehein apres la fefte de Toutz Seintz profehein avenir '& criez en chefcun Conte Sc qe chefcun de quel eftat qil soit sanz nul forfprendre les avantditz ordenances Sc eftatutz..garde ■& tiegne en la form & manner fufditz sanz ajouftre ou fraud fair a yceles par cautele art ou engyfi ou par interpretation des paroles ou queconqes autres colours quere fur la toy Sc ligeance qils deivent, a nostre dit Seignur le Roi & a fes heirs Rois dengleterre Sc fi come ils ayment le honour de Dieu Sc auxint le honur Sc profit du Roi & profit du roialme avantdit & fur le peril qappent fi nul soit trove fefant le contrare de chose qeft salt par commune aftent de touz Sc pur fi grant profit du roialme.

,, • j, t

[Latin removed.]

A P P E N, D.

•••

. ij) J

Eodsm

.'hi

1 a j; j., «: .:

34

Ijt

t' VI i

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in ¥urr. Lond.

eoscm tnodo mandaiitm eft ftngulirvicecotnitibus per Angliam.

Memorandum quod ijludfatutum in forma patenti ac eotifimil'm brevia muldtis mutandis dirigunturfrnguus archi epifcop'n cpfcopis ac eomitibus.is twbijibus dibit regni mandantes qucd in>fideis ligeanha 'quibtis■regi sunt af trifii isjubpeficulo quod incumbit ordinationem is fatutuinpredibiajuxta forniam'is 'effebhcm eerunaetufenes fe cbfervari nee'quicquam contra eaattmptentfeu\aitemptarepfefwndntqmvismodo\vidclket': ‘j ri

rbcatfpetri Eborum. * !i J ', J fl' L '

Marie Lincoln'. Lancaftr'. "

Sandii Pauli London'. De jvarentia.

sanftc' Erinitath Gheftr', - Comitrintys Cmi1 ■norff' IS marefralto attgp

Decants is Capitulis ecclefiarnne sat/fli Petri Exon'. Arundell'.

, Beat marie de no.va.sarum, Devon', \

1 ' sandtiandree'jifeilen'.' ■'■*'• {.hereford'.

Saritii Etbeiberli Hereford .Sanbti Cedde Lichfcld'.

Item eodem ittodo tnandatum eji majoribus IS ballivis civitdtum is vilbrum fubfcriptarum videlicet Ebar'

■. r;. i.,. • a.. j 5 -. • ‘ i i r airs.

. 1

'ht'! S!!?'

LI

-- -"■ — "— r

. ff iot-

-- -- -- -- -- =_

i

Ht

shimi (.'>1 niff- -- »•

< jb ft: »!<'

siyat.jo >„bil ‘i

A Statute made at. Apn\ th. Annoy 14 g. and

Anno Dom, 1340. reciting jome former grants; arid limiting the Cuf om tin Woolf Plate, .See. : f. f, .f

-> 1 - Ex Rot. in furr. Lond. fit. 2 i. V J:

„ *.. : fl '| " i'.tiip .j tt: : LJ3 r! iu< givi : .!> t '. -- sun ahj.nji r..: ''

E T auxint a la requefte des ditz Prelatz Countes Barons communes citeyns burgeys & marehantz eiant regard al eideqils nous ount grauntez en'la manner fufditetes avoirs pitjjdonez 6c reieftezpar donons & releffons chateux des felons !6c des futifs e, chape dcs prisones fines iiiues forfaitz & amerciinentz de murdres totes mailers des trespass de la fbreft auxibien detefibleyour cbme de vert de ve neyfon waft & quecunqes autres trespass faitz deinz la forefle jugge ou a juggsr releves efeuages tant qe au temps de no 11 re pallage devers'brabant celt affaver le xvi. jour de jnyl'lan : de"nofi; re regne douzifme. Et auxint eide. pur fair nollre fitz chivaler & nostre fils marier pur tout nbftre temps. > Et'auxint les avons pardonez 6c relefiez jiardonoms & relejtoms pur nous & pur noz heirs Sc fuccefiours toutes nianeres dcs dettes acomptes 6c arerage.s jdes fermes. &idacomptdspa nous: dues en quecunqe; matiere auxibien 'de temps de noz progenitours come.de nostre.temps deateigne tartqe air Gqitiencement; de'luan demollre regne dengleterre difme. " Et ‘avons. grantez.las ditz Hrelatzi countesrbafons'l6t commuties qe ■'le's^deitek a'tter minez al Efchequer avant nollre temps, 6c aussi les; dettesir£ttermi'nelz a Tnefirie Ifelcheqer en nofire temps des aunciens. dettes dues avant nollre temps soient anientz; 6c pardonez 6c releirez' pur touz jourslenfi totes foitz qe les attenninementz faitz des dettes duz a nouz 6c fourdantz de nolvre temps demeigne eftoiient en 'lour fqrce. Et qe les vifeountes efehetours fermers des: marioirs taxours cultumers vittaillersr6c autres receivours de noz biens 6c deners.de nollre temps qe uncore font en vie Vefpoignent des biens 6c deniers queux ils ont levez 6c reiceuz; a nostre oeps lanz ceo qils soient en autre manner chargez fors'f6ulement de ce qils bunt refeeuz mes qe les heirs executours.'6c terrec tenantz de tieux mane"rs: des ministres 6c re iceivours qe font mortz soient quitement difehargez. des totes nlaners^dacomptes & dettes les queux nous pooms demander par cause des leveez 6c refeeites avaindites tanqe al cbmencement del' an difme fufditt "Et deceux qe devent a nqus dettes daprell 6c voident acompter od nous qe mefine la somme dapfeft, soit al iowc a nous en'lcur ac'compt 6c fur eux charge come chose relceu par nollre mein nient c'bntrefteant le ftatut fur ce salt en cell present parliament. Et come les ditz Prelatz Countes Barons 6c communes pur grofies bulbignes qe nous avoms ore entre meyns.nous event a nollre requefte, grantez. qe .nous preignoms de chelcun litk de leyne qe pallera outie mere entre cy 6c la fed de pentcco.fi profehein avenir 6c de mcil mela fest tanqne al felt de Penrecoft profehein fuyant quaran't fojdz &‘de trois centz pealx' lairutz quarant loldz 6c de mi left: de quirs quarant ioidz.. Nous pur ceo grant par alfent des avantditz Prelatz Countes Barons 6c toutz autres aficinblez'a nbftre dit parliament avoms grante qe de la dit fest de Pentecost qe vendra en tin an nbus northeast noz heirs nc demanderoms tie afferroms northeast prendroms northeast northeast feiroms prendre plus de cultume de' un fak de leyite de null Engleys forfqe un demi marc 6c de trois centz pealx lanutz derni marc 6c de un lall des quirs un mare de cuftume tantfoulement 6c deit le fak contenir vynt 6c, sys peres 6c chelcun peer quntoize livres 6c qe chefcun qe paffera leynes as parties de clela Engleys ou autre, refeant habitant ou repeiraunt en Engleterre trceile bone 6c fuffilaunt feurte as cuflumers avant son pafler de reporter de chefcun fak de leyne plate dargent a la value de deux mates dedeins les trois nioys qe les leynes enfi chargez pafferont hors du port 6c melme la plate port al efehaunge le Roi & ilioeqes refeeive fes eeners cell afiaver deu\ marcs 6c qe les cuftumers des pottz ou les leynes fe chargeront parnount de ceaux en qi noun les leynes ferront chargeez tie! feurte pur quele ils voudront refpoundre de reporter plate en la fourme fufdite ct qils ceitifient les gardeins des efehaunges le Roi a la Tour de Londres trois foitz par an cell affaver a la Nativite de Semt johan le Baptiftr' a la toutz Seintz 6c a la Purification de nostre Dame dcs nouns de toutz ceux qe averont trove deal feurte 6c de nombre des faks qils

averonc

35

A PP E,; N : id i i‘j X

et Rpt. in Tuyr. Lond.

.b.loj. re. V r. .xs

averont charglez. Et en cas qe Ic dit gtrdein navera refceu plate era la fourme fufdite de ceux dont la certification Jm venetia a la Scint Jolian avant h toutz Seintz profchein fuyantz adunqes ent ceitifae les Treforer & Barons del Efcheqer & les ditz Treforer & Barons refceu la certification du dit gardein facent outre tiel proces.qe la datejivdt pore; ales; efcb?un'ges en la fourme, fufdite auxibien contre les cuftumers come contre ceux qe tiel feurte averont trove & naveront pas reporte la plate 'come deltas eft dit. Et en mediae'ta manner salt faitra la jpurificatioh'de certification faite au dit gardein a, la.toutz Seintz devant & auxint a lapsemt Johan de la .certification, faite alui par roefmes les cuftumers a la Publication devant & enfi tie temps en temps as tefmes fufditx. Et. qe.nul northeast cokette leynes forfqe en le noun de cel ah a qi celles leynes ferront&.ft nodes leynes: foienttrovez autrement cokettez soient pris en la main le Roi eome forfaites.:. Et content qe; plufurs des iarticles fufefcritz soient, cpmpris deinz leljatut salt en mefme ceft parliament par commune assent nient meins pur monftrer. les clerement 8c overtement as grantz & ?s. communes fufditz enfi qe chefetm purra avoir conifaunee des grantes; et quittances queles nous les avoms salt & grantfc en cell aparfiea In request des ditz grant Sc, communes les .'av.orns, salt atitrefoith mettre en eeftes noz prefentes letters overtes<rz: Don a 'weftmonfierdexvi. jour daveriljan de nostre regne dengle terre quatorzlfme sc de; nostre regne de .Francs; primerr if v„. joirf u,, ■> • V I

u i '• J it, j f .i *■: > rilbcni' .'R' (st.ro .ui,, ..., ■ ' • j

'4___________________________________ _ ._

' m )Sj -

Statutes made at Westminster Anno ic Edw. III and Anno Dom. 174.x.

- i rt 1i51j ol» it : i;., ji i r •, r- -- I ji/..»?nv: n V

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. ‘eortd. m. yj C 'r' — '5

N' OSTRE Seignur le Roi Edward tierz gores' le cpnqueft a son parliament tenutz a Weftmon Repealed by the flier a la quinleyne de Pafehe land son regne quinlifme defirant qe la pees de la terre St les leis .sta£ute foiiow* St les eftatutz avant ces houres ordei'nes soient gardes & meintenus en toutz point al honour de

dieu.st de feinte' efglife & al commun profit diijpoeple par afidnt des Prelatz. Oountes Sc Bqrouns Sc autres

grantz Sc de tout la communalte du Roialme dengleterre al dit parliament fomqns ordeina Sc efta

blift en mefme le parliament les articles louthefcriptes les queux" il Voet Sc grante pur fury Sc pur fes heires qils soient fermement guard Sc fenuz a toutz; jours r o f.; a,; ■ -

>5 ^ d ri ju •.: • -.■> •.<•'» .0 ah.'jcd CI biojv) juh, .-•<, r

j t, .j '. /.<( r,, ii.nv CA ‘ p.v' ff! ' q.... : i' '. -

y ' '■ .kv. : » f: ' ouo. .f 7 •, y : s • •!

A Confirmation of the Great Charter and former Statutes.,

•■■■■■■.; •>. o * • 1 nhio e' ■' • t - s - ■>' - •.

[French removed.]

, CAP. II

•/' ivii. IV * jr.. ', •. .., ...

Peers of' the Realm and' great Officers for. great Offences shall be tried in Parliament.

[French removed.]

F 2

s6

5* :

.t,

A V P; !E tn: : I X A

.f, > ‘, \vfy V J

£, V Rot. in Turr. Lond.

I, ' --

"f( 1' > 'f

f'>

•>!

'■I

The Chancellor and, other

CAP. III

j » ^ j i. il K. _ *. J. (

kr^at Officers to swear t6 keep the Laws.

j /1 : ■.

, n

u

[French removed.]

i •.. .nno i.. \ a. X V

tcj; k; f;

CAP. IV

3 'off -, 1

al

At every Parliament the King may take several great Offices into, his Hands, and retain them four or five Days. Those that attempt Suits against the Laws and Statutes of the

Realm shall answer it in Parliament. ", ‘A - • «..

•*< j: -: on • > moi •> aa. >.. > ■ i $

[French removed.]

..Ji

CAP. V

Punifiiments ‘ of Usury by the King or the Ordinaries.

TEM acorde & afientuz eft qe le Roi & fes heirs event la conifaunce des ufereres mortz & qe les or

__ de feinte efglife, event la conifaunce des ufereres vifs deficome a eux attient fair compulfioun

par censures de feinte efglife pur le pecche de fair restitution des ufures prises contre la lei de feinte efglife.

CAP. VI

Ministers of the Church shall not answer before the king's Justices for Things done touching the Jurisdiction of the Church. - ' -

TEM acorde eft qe les ministres de feinte efglife pur deniers prises pur redemption de corporele pe _ naunce northeast pur proeve et aconipte des teftamentz ou pur travaille entour ceo' mys northeast pur folempnete des efpoiailles northeast pur autre cause touchaunte la jurisdiction de feinte efglife northeast soient apefehez northeast arefonez northeast chacez a refpoundre devant les Justices le Roi northeast fes autres ministres & ceo event les ministres de feinte efglife briefs en la Ghauncellerie a les Justices & ministres totes les foiths qils les demanderont.

Statutum

37

A P. P ' E N D I X

r j.

Statutum apud Weftm' editum eodem, Anno 25 Edw. III Stat. 7. Anno

Dom. 1350.

The King granteth to the Commons in Aid of a Difme and Fifteen by them before granted to him, ali the Ifiues, Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments levied of Labourers, Artificers, Regrators, Victuallers, and. Servants.

Cotton MS. Nero, C 1.

[French removed.]

Ordinatio fasia pro Jlatu terree Hibernie. 31 Edw. I. Stat. 4. *■

Ex Rot. in 'Turr. Lond. m. 12.

[Latin removed.]

* This Statute is found upon the Roll, and is supposed to have been made about this Time.

3 9

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

[Latin removed.]

CAP. I.

[Latin removed.]

CAP. II

[Latin removed.]

CAP. III

[Latin removed.]

CAP. IV

[Latin removed.]

39

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Tutr. Lond.

[Latin removed.]

CAP. V

[Latin removed.]

CA P. VI

[Latin removed.]

CAP. VII

 [Latin removed.]

CAP. VIII

[Latin removed.]

40

APPENDIX.

[Latin removed.]

CAP. IX

[Latin removed.]

CAP. X

[Latin removed.]

CAP. XI

[Latin removed.]

CAP. XII

[Latin removed.]

CAP. XIII

[Latin removed.]

APPENDIX

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

[Latin removed.]

CAP. XIV

[Latin removed.]

CAP.. XV

[Latin removed.]

CAP. XVI

[Latin removed.]

APPENDIX.

E Rot. in 'turn. Lond.

[Latin removed.]

CAP. XVII

[Latin removed.]

CAP. XVIII

[Latin removed.]

CAP. XIX

[Latin removed.]

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

[Latin removed.]

Rotulus Parliamenti de Anno Regni Regis Edwardi tertii quadragesimo sexto

■ rot. in Turr. Lond.

i * ‘ I ft r

EN le Parliament fomons a West' Lendemayn des Aimes Lan du regne le Roi Edward tierce qua rant fifme Adeprimes per cause qe les grantz Sc communes fomons au parliament northeast eftoient vcnuz fuft le dit parliament ajourne tanqe Vendredi suant quel jour See.

Les Petitions queles les communes avoient mis en parliament Sc les refpons fur elcs donez furent luez Sc auxi une ordenance faite en mefme le parliament en manner qenfuyt Pur ce qe gentz de lay qi purfuent diverses bufoignes en les Courts le Roi pur' fingulers perfones ove queux ils font procurent Sc font metrre plufours petitions en parliament en noun des communes qe nen lour touch mes foulement les fingulers perfones ove queux ils font demorez Auxint Vifeontz qi font communes Ministres au poeple & devient demurer fur lour office pur droit fair a checuny font nomez Sc ont ete devant ces heures Sc retournez en parliament Chivalers des Countees per mefmes les Vifcontz eft acorde Sc affentu en ceft parliament qe de l'ormes null homme de lay pursuant bufoignes en la Court le Roi northeast Vifcont pur le temps qil eft Vifcont soient retournez northeast acceptez Chivalers des Countees northeast qe ces qi font gentz de lay Sc Vifcontz ore retournez en parliament event gauges Mes yoet le Roi qe Chivalers Sc ferjantz des meulx vaues du paies soient retournez defore Chivalers en parlementz Sc qils soient efluz en plain Countee Et apres ce conge done as Chivalers des Countees a departir & de fuer lour briefs pur lour defpenfes Sc iflint departirent ils Mes comande feuft as Citezeins Sc Burgois qeftoient vcnuz au dit parliament qils demuraffent pur afeuns causes queux Citezeins Sc Burgois melme le jour apres assemblez devant le Prince Sc autres Prelatz Sc grauntz en une Chamber pres la blanche Chamber feuft monstre a eux coment lan pafle eftoit graunte pur un certein term pur le sauf & conduement des niefs Sc merchandises venantz en ceste terre per mere & passant dycelle un subside Ceftaffavoir de chefcun tonell de vyn venant en ceste terre deus foldz & de chefcun livre de qeconqe merchandie qe ce feuft venant ou passant VI d. quel term eft ja pass qe ils voloient avoir consideration as perils Sc meichiefs qi poent avenir a lour niefs & merchandises per les enemys fur la mere graunter un autiel subside a durer per un an pur les causes fuifdites quel subside ils graunteront au Roi a prendre Sc lever en manner come eftoit pns Sc leave lan darein pass Sc ifiirit departirent.'

Les petitions des communes & de Citezeins & Burgeis & les refpons fur ycelies faites font en un roulle attache & cufu a ceftes.

A Lour trefdoute & gracioufe Seignur le Roi fupplient fez poures Liges communes qe la grande Chartre & la Chartre de la Forefte & touz les autres eftatuz faitz per nostre dit sieg nur le Roi & fez progenitours en amendement de son Roialme & a tranquillice & ease de son poeple soient tenuz gardez & duement executz en touz pointz.

ITEM prie la dite commune qe nul homme petit northeast grant de quel condition qil soit northeast Sfttempte northeast pursue brief nen autre manner face chose a contrere des eftatuz faitz en temps noltrc Seignur le Roi nc fez nobles progenitours en plain parliament nencontre leftatut qe ferra salt en ceft present parliament northeast qe nul homme northeast soit reftreint northeast article de nul eftatut repelle per les prives de conseil nostre Seignur le Roi nen autre manner sanz assent de parliament Sc fi afeun person soit trove qe face alencontre soit grevc peyne mys fur lui en ceft present parliament. R. Le Roi voet qe ks ejiatuz soient tenuz & gardez.

ITEM prie la commune come autrefoith nostre Seignur le Roi de fa grace efpecin! cn rclevation Sc ease de son poeple granta general pardon a fa dite commune des touz maners trespasses melprifions negli .gences Sc ignorances des totez articles de Eyr dount ie puniffement cherroit en fyn ou en raunfon ou en autre manner pain pecuniele Sc des autres plufours mesfaites per fondit poeple perpetrez devant la date tie dit pardon Grantant oultre qe nul home fuifte empefche mys' a refpouns northeast procefie tait de nul point contenue en ycelle come pluis pleinement eft contenu el dit pardon Ore tarde plufours gentz d Roialme des diverses conditions libien merchantz come autres font empefehez en diverses places nostre Seignur le Rci fibien en Lefcheqer come aillours des diverses trespasses faitz devant le dit pardon per force

G 2 des

a As one of Ihe Ordinances of this Parliament is printed as a Statute in the Preface to the Third Fehwte of Lord coke'.r Reports, and is cited as fitch in Colonel Sidney V Trial, 35 Car. i. and m Lord prefton'a trfal, Anno 2 Will, et Mar. The Ordinances are printed here, nvith so much of the Record, as may Show that they were not made till after the Dismission of the Knights of Shires, which Irregularity might perhaps be the Reef on, why they were not entered Jtpon the Statute Roll, or printed l'l the Statute Book before.

44

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ties enditementz trulicioufement fur eux fajtz Sc les Justices Sc Rarons del Efcheqier northeast vo'dlent a eux le dit pardon allower pur foleins interpretations qeux ifs fount de dit pardon a grant empoveriffement de la commune qe pleife a nostre dit Seignur le Roi Si as Pieres de la terre qe tiels recordes qcux pendent de v2nt Justices ou Barons soient vewez en parliament ifiint qe jugement fe fade folom leffeste Sc verroie en tent de la petition de poepie adonqz prie Sc ft les paroles contenuz en le dit pardon northeast soient trovez af fetz fuftifantz rees Sc defcharge a poepie qe pleife a Roi denforcer le dit pardon per.overtes paroles affyn qe totez tides trefpaftes forsfaitures Sc melprifions purroient plenerement eftre releflez en totez tieux cas folom 1effectc Sc lentente de dite petition. R. Le Roi yoet qe le pardon ejlqife en fa force id f nulfoil greve de salt a contrary Monjire en especial id droit ltd ferra salt.

ITEM prie la Commune qe come les raarchantz Sc mariners Denglcterre qe XX anns paftez Sc toutdiz adevant la Navie de dit Roialme eftoit en touz portz Sc bones Villes fur mier Sc fur Ryvers LI noble Sc ft pleintivoufe qe touz les pays tenoient Sc appelloient nostre avantdit Seignur le Roi de la mier Si lui Sc tout son Pays dotoient le pluis per mier Sc per terre per cause de la dite Navie Et ore il eft enli defencref cez & anientvz per diverses causes qe apoy ylia demure fufficientis a defendre la dite pays ft grant meftier eftoit encontre roial poiar y fuisse a grant perille communement de tout la Roialme les qeux causes ferroit trop long des touz efcrivre mes une cause eft principal la long arrest qe fovent ad este salt fur les Niefs en temps de guerre ceftaflavoir per tin qarter Dan ou pluis avant qils pafient hors de lour Portz sanz rien prendre pur les gauges de lour Mariners uurant cell temps ou les Seignurs des niefs rien prendre de guerdon pur les apparailementz de lour ditz niefs & cuftages dount ils prierent en eovre de charite covenable remedy. R. Tplejl au Roi qe la Navie soit meintenus id gardee a greindre ease id profit qe fain fe poet.

3*kd. 3. C 12. T T E M purceque diverses mefchefs Sc delheritefons font avenuz as diverses gentz de Roialme per cause 3 qe Efchetours Sc autres Ministres nostre Seignur le Roi ount feifez plufours terres Sc tenementz en la main nostre dit Seignur le Roi come forsfaitz a Roi pur trefon ou felony furmys en perfones mortz qe unqes en lours vies furent atteintz dount les ditz communes prient qe terres Sc tenementz de qeconqes perfones deviantz a la foie St ligeance nostre dit Seignur le Roi northeast soient deformes feifez northeast tenuz come forsfaitz per cause de nulle felony northeast trefon furmys es perfones mortz. R. Le Roi voet qe lejlatut en ce cas salt soit tenuz.

IT E M priont les communes de les Countees de Somerset & qeeome la Ryvcre appelle Avene perentre la Citee de Bathe St la Ville de Briftuo currant en party perentre les Countees de Somerset Si Glouc' per la quele vitailles as ditz communes necessaries en Craers St Batailles poent eftre amegnez Sc nemyeper terre per obstacle de marreys per gorfes de piere St pale en le dit Ryvere mys Sc faitz St la terre dun part Si dautre de dit Ryvere enhaufe entaunt qe lewe eft eftope art St conflreint qe terres prees St partures adgifantz font enoundez St per quele les ditz terres prees Si pastures fovent font deftrutslz St le passage des ditz Craers St Batailles ove Vitailles Sc autres necessaries pur les ditz communes perentre les avantditz lieux font deftourbez en damage St grevance des ditz communes dount ils priont remedy qe les ditz gorfes purrient eftre abatuz ou overez iffint qe les Craers Sc les Batailles purront paster entre les deux Villes en ease des communes avantditz. R. Pursue celui qi fe sent grevez et droit lui ferra salt folonc la fourme de leflatut en ce cas ordeine.

IT E M a nostre dit Seignur le Roi Sc a fondit conseil prient les communes qeeome il eftoit per lui grante qe nul purveiour fuisse fil northeast fefoit son paiement fur laccat qe pleife a lui qe ceste ordeinance soit tenuz come il eftoit granter. 11 plejl au Roi id celui qi fe fente grevez pursue id droit lui ferra salt.

ITEM prie la commune qeeome einz ces hures la ou plee ad este pendant entre nostre Seignur le Roi Sc autres de communes de Roialme fi bien en Lefcheqer come aillours certeins ministres de conseil nostre Seignur le Roi ount salt enpaneller certeins gentz de eux mefmes autres qe le Viscount de ly mefine voudroit avoir retourne Sc le dit panell ount bailie a Viscount pur retourner a grant damage de la party per qe pleife a nostre Seignur le Roi granter qe deformes nul panell' soit bailie a Viscount pur retourner per afeun tniniftre nostre dit Seignur le Roi eins qe les Viscountes puiftent fair les retournes deux mefmes tiels pur queles ils voudront refpondre a Roi Sc a la party Sc ft einz ces hures nul panell eit en tiel manner este retourne qel soit de tout oufte Sc tenuz pur nul a quel hure qe la party a qi il touch le voudra fuire ou chalenger lur le paster de dit enquefte. R. Le Roi voet qe tiels executions soient faites en manner come la lay demand.

17' E M puree qe labourers Sc fervantz fey fuent dun Countee en autre dount les tins vont as grantz villes Sc devignent artificers les tins en estrange pays pur labourer per cause des exceflives lowers nient de murantz en certein en nul lieu per qi execution del eflatut northeast puift eftre salt vers eux Sc les uns devignent larons Sc pur ce qe puniflement fuffilaunt nest ordeine fur tiels qe les preignent Sc recettent dount soit ordeine remedy. R. Soient les eftatuz ent ordeinez gardez id duement exeeutz.

ITEM prie la commune qe la Cirographer northeast fez Clerks northeast preignent deformes pur la note Sc pur lengroffer dun fyn f >rs foulment iiijs, come per leftatut fuift Sc qils facent engrofler les fyns a pluis touft come la lay le fuffre sanz delay fair as parties pur pluis avoir pur lour travaill ou per colour de lour ■©fice mr pain de forfeiture de Jour office Sc de paicr a la party grevc fez damages a double. Et qe les 8 Justices

45

APPENDIX,

Ex Rot, in Turn, Lend,

Justices de Bank facent execution de ceste ordeinance per pleint a fuite de party & qe les Attornes fait?, ou assignez a prendre la party de cirographs event power per force de mefme lordeinance ceftaffavoir chefcun pur son Mestre a prendre tie's pleintes sans autre garrant de attornie. R. Ilpleji au Roi.

ITEM pleife a nostre dit Seignur le Roi qe touz les Viscountes & Efchetours soient remuez chefcun An come il eftoit nadgairs ordeine per leftatut Et qe les Vifcontes & Efchetours soient faitz des meultz vaues de Countee qe purrount refpondre a Roi & a party. R. Le Roi le voet.

ITEM inonftre fa commune qils font grandement empoverez per le favagnie qe deftroient lours blees & pastures iflint qe plufours 1 client lours terres gifer frcfchez & plufours villes defenhabitez pres les forest.es pur quel defenhabitement les communes portent grevoufes charges en diverses subsides & eides grantez a Roi per la commune Et auxint plufours font enditez per favagnie pris hors del bounde del Forefte & per tiels enditementz pris & emprisonez & pur lours deliverances paient fyns & raunfons a Roi sees a forcfters & as autres Ministres al anientifement del dist commune & nul profit pur le Roi fur quoi supply la dite commune qe nul see nautre chose pur tieux enditementz deformes soit pris & qe gentz de pays purront chaser le purale sanz reez ou ftableye fair sanz eftre attache indite ou empefche par Forelter ou autre Ministre, R. Eftoife la Chartre de la forejle en fa force id virtue.

ITEM prie fa commune qecome avant ces hures fuift ordeine qe le Archevefque de Caunterbirs & autres Evefqes faifent amendement de ce qe lours Comiffaries & Officials des Archedekencs & autres de lours Ministres pement exceite pur proeve de testament & acquitance fair & fils northeast faifent qe le Roi face enquere per fes Justices de tiels excesses & le troevcnt dajugger pur extortion & pur ce qe tiels Justices font rerement affiz percomission de enquere de tiels excesses & horn me northeast pu'fl: mye eftre aide de tiels injuries faitz & per cel cause les avantditz Comiffaries & Officials & lours Ministres ount pris pluis qils northeast loleient fair pur defaute de puniffement qe pleife de mettre en certein coni' bien ils prendront & fils pernent oultre qe chefcun qe foi fente greve qil poet purfure en chefcun Court ou il pleift per bref original ou per bille devant Justices de record & qe cely qe feit trove coupable de tiel extortionouie prise qil paiera disfoith ataunt dount le Roi eit le moite & la party qe fuift lautre moite. R. Le Roi ad comande as pre/atz qils facent due id covenable amendement id fils northeast facent le Roi ordeinera de fa Seignurie covenable remedy.

ITEM prient les communes del Roialme Dengleterre qe come Lercevefqes Evefqes Archideaknes &• lours Officials Comiffaries U autres Officers preignent des exectitours les fealx ove les cheynes de les teftatours ou fyns & redemptions pur les ditz fealx ou autrement ils northeast voillent deliverer administration des biens des ditz teftatours a les executours per qi prient les ditz communes a nostre dit Seignur le Roi qe fi les ditz ministres de feint efglife de ceo soient atteintz a fuite de Roi ou de party per brief ou per bille qils paient disfoith ataunt come ils refeeivont & eit cely qe sue pur le Roi ou pur lui mefmes lune moite & le Roi lautre moite auxibien de temps pass come de temps avenir. R. Event les Prelatz id autres lour Minifires les fealx id Cheines de ces qi les voillent doner de lour bon gree ifint qe nul soit conjlreint a ce fair centre fa volunte.

ITEM prie la commune qe deficome en la grande Chartre soit contenuz quod nulli negabimus null!

vendemus aut differemus rectum aut juftitiam al entente des afeuns fyns qe font pris en la Chauncel jerie en plufours briefs a contraire del dit eftatut en grant empoveriffement de poeple de qei ils priont remedy K qe le dit eftatut soit defclarree. R. Le Roi ufera same il id fes auncejlres out salt avant ces Heures id charger a son chancellor qe les fines soient refondbles felonc lejlat des perfones.

ITEM prie la commune qe come recordes & qeconqe chose en la Court le Roi de refon devoient dee murer illoeqes pur perpetuel. evidence eide de touz parties a ycely & de touz ceux a queux en nul manner ils atteignent quant meftier lour fuift et ja de novel refufent en la Court nostre dit Seignur de ferche ou exemplification fair des nulles riens qe purra chier en evidence encontre le Roi ou defavant age de ly qe pleife ordeiner per eftatut qe ferche & exemplification soient faitz as touz gentz de qeconqe recorde qe les touch en afeun manner auxbien de ce qe chiet encontre le Roi come autres gentz. R. Le Roi le voet.

IT E M prie la commune qe come de chefcun Hundred des Countees fur la Mer font trovez fur la guard de Mier pur enemys alienz certeins gentz qeft appelle Petiwacche a grant empoveriffement des Countees fuifditz & les qeux gentz northeast fount ilieqes autre bien fi noun de garnir le pays de la venue des enemys le quel puift auxibien eftre salt per meindre noumbre des gentz qe pleife abregger & def charger chefcun Hundred de la moite des gentz fuifditz. R. Les Gardeins fur les cofiers de la meerpev avis des Seignurs id autres du paiis facent mettre tiel nomire come lour femblera qe 'doit suffit e de refon.

ITEM prient totez les bones gentz des Countees Deflex & Hertford a ceft present parliament qe come les Viscountes des ditz Countees soient chargez de lever per an cclvij. lb. des fermes profitz h ferjaunties des ditz Countees en queles sums avanditz chefcun viscount perde per an C LI & pluis qeux northeast ptirreient en nul manner eftre levez per cause qe nostre dit Seignur le Roi nadgairs pass ad done certeinz hundredcs baillies h sees a diverses gentz & plufours rentes services & as

46

Exp. & Rep. si R. 2. C

APPENDIX.

.Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond.

ditz viscountes h a son office appurtenantz font deftrudtz per cretyu de ewe de mer per qei chefcun an un homme de bien des ditz countees eft deftrudtz ameyns pur touz jours dount ils prion!, remedye.

R, Lc Roi lour ai salt grace.

Les Petitions des Citezeins & Bttrgeis.

anoftre Seignur le Roi Sc son noble conseil monftrent fes Citefzens de fa Citee de Londres qe come per eftatut nadgaires^ salt fuift ordeine qe nul homme de fa ligeance pafferoit ove laynes hors du Roialine fur peyne de forfaiture de vie Sc membre terres tenementz biens & chateux a grant profit des aliens & a deferes du pris de laynes & a damage de tout la Roialme et puis per une autre eftatut fuift re pellee la forfaiture de vie & membre fibien de temps paflee come de temps avenir la forfaiture des terres & tenementz biens & chateux efteante en fa force per quele cause tout la commune des marchantz Engleys pur la greindre party efehueront Sc lefieront lachat Sc marchandise de laynes a grant amenufement du pris de laynes & damage de tout la commune. Et ou tard pur greindre profit du Roi & de tout la commune de son Roialme per avys Sc accord de son conceil eftoit affentu & ordeinee qe toutes gentz deve roient Sc purroient passer laynes fibien denzeins come foreins fur quele achat & passage des laynes quirs Sc eaux lanuz les ditz marchantz Engleys font Sc fe doutent eftree empechees & damages fibien du temps pass come en temps avenir pur cause de la forfaiture de lour terres tenementz biens Sc chateux pur quoy plefe en ceste present parliament fair pardon as ditz marchantz & a chefcun de eux de tout forfaiture des terres tenementz biens fejehateux compris en la dite ordenance fibien du temps pass come en temps avenir Sc qe briefs & maundementz soient fur ce faitz en Lefcheker & totes autres places le Roi & aillours ou bofoinera de furcefer de tout de fair enquerres proceffe ou execution contre eux ou afeune autre person pur cele cause & la dite ordenance de forfaiture de terres & tenementz biens Sc chateux soit de tput repellee fibien de temps pass come de temps avenir. R. Eft acorde cs affentu qe la forfaiture de terres Is tenementz eeffe de tout & ft nul vorra fair fyn pur tiel trespass trete ove le conceil le Roy 1st refoti Jui ferra salt.

ITEM ils monftrent qe les gentz qi ont passez lour laynes quirs peaux lanuz per patente nostre Seignur le Roi defouz son grant seal fibien a Middlebourgh come aillours paiant la cuftume & fub lide quele passage eft encontre lordinance en la darrein parliament qe lour plefe garanter la dite passage fauna damage ou perde as ditz marchantz ou nul autre folonc la tenure des ditz patentes nient con trefteante le dit eftatut Sc qe lour plefe avoir regard qe leftaple des laynes ad eftee ordeinez deftre en diverses lieux Sc fodeinement cliangez a damage du Roi Sc fa terre Sc fur ce ordeiner qe le dit ertaple puis eftre ordeinee en ceste parliament deftre en certein lieu Sc per bon avifement come mieulz ferra au Roi Sc fa terre. R. Le Roi northeast voet qils foiet grevez nenpefehez contre la fourme de lour patentes.

A Statute made Anno io Rich. II and Anno Dom. 1386.

Ex Rot. in Purr. Lond.

LE Roy a nostre vifeont de Kent falutz. Sachez qal reverence de Dieu Sc pur rturrir paix unitee quiete Sc bon Accord toutz partz deinz nostre Roialme dengletcrre Sc par especial pur commune prefit Sc eefe de nostre poeple Sc bone governement de mefme nostre Roilame les queux nous defi rons foveraignement de laffent des Seignours Sc communes assemblez en nostre parliament tenuz a'weftm' le primere jour dodfobre darrien pane avons salt fair une eftatut fibien pur amendeinent du dit governable come pur le commune profit dudit Roialme en la fourme qe fenfuit.

CAP. I.

The king's Commission to the Chancellor and others to examine into the State of his?

Courts, Revenues, Grants, and Officers Fees.

CO M E nostre Seignur le Roi soit apris par la grevoufe compleyntc des Seignurs Sc communes de son Roialme en ceste present parliament assemblez qe fes profitz rentez Sc revenues de son Roialme pur finguler & nounfufficeaunt conseil Sc male governable fibien des afeuns nadgairs fes grantz officers C me des diverses autres perfones efieauntz entour fa person fount entaunt fufirez degaftez aloinez doneez ' grantez alienez deftruitz Sc malement defpenduz oil eft taunt empovry voide & nuee de trefor Sc davoir Sc la fubftauncc de la corone entaunt amenufe & defereu qe son eftat Sc lelfat .dc son hostel northeast poet honnrablement eftre luftenuz come affiert northeast les guerres qe fe habundent tout envyron son Roialme de jour en autre meyntenuz northeast governez sanz Ires grantz Sc outrageoufes oppressions & charges de fondit poeple Sc auxint qe les bones leys eftatutz & cuftumes de fondit Roialme as queux il eft aftridl Sc obligcz a tenir & garder northeast font northeast ount eftee duement tenuz nc executz northeast pleine justice northeast droit faitz a fondit poeple parent plulburs difiieritefons Sc autres tres graundes mifehiefes & damages font avenuz fibien au Roi come an fondit poeple Sc a tout son Roialme dount il al honour de Dieu Sc pur § k

47

APPENDIX,

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond.

le bien de luy Sc dc fondit Roialme Sc per la quiete & relevation de fondit poepie qont efle graundement chargez en plufours maneres devant ces heures voillant ove la grace de Dieu countre tieux mischiefs met tre bone & due remedy a la requefte des Seignurs & Communes fufdites ad ordeigne salt Sc assignee fes grants Officers tielx com il tient bones loiaix Sc fufficeauntz pur le honour Sc profit de luy & de fondit Roialme. Et outre ceo des fes aucforitce roial certein science Sc bon gree & fraunche volunte Sc par avys Sc assent des Prelatz Seignurs Sc Communes fufditz en plain parliament en eide de bone govemaunce de son Roialme Sc bone Sc due execution de fes ditz leys Sc en relevement de leftat de luy & de son poepie en temps avenir fur la pleine affiaunce qil ad del bone avifement fen & discretion des honurables pieres en Dieu larcevefqe de Canterbirs lercevefqe deverwyk fes trefchiers Uncles le Due deverwyk le Due de Glouceftre les honurables pieres en Dieu ievefqe de Wynceftre levefqe dexcefire labbe de Waltham fes chiers Sc foialx le Count darundell Johan sire de Cobham monsieur Richard Lefcrop Sc monsieur Johan Devereux yceux ad ordyne afligne Sc depute par fes letters patentz defouz son grant seal desire de son grant Sc continuel conseil del veill de feynt Edmond le Martir par un an eutier profehien enfuant apres la date des dites letters patentz a furveer Sc examiner ovefqe les grants officers ceftaffavoir Chauncellor Treforer & Gardein de son prive seal fibien leftat & governaille de son hofiel & de toutz fes courtz lieux Sc places come leftat Sc governaille de tout son Roialme Sc des touz fes officers Sc ministres de queconqe eftat degree on condition qils soient fibien dedeinz son hofiel come dehors & denquere Sc de prendre information par touz les voies qe meultz lour feinblera des touz les rentes revenues Sc profitz qe a luy appar tiegnent Sc font dues Sc deufient appartiegner Sc eftre duez fibien deinz son Roialme come dehors en qeconqe manner ou condition & de toutes maneres des douns grantez alienations Sc confirmations par luy faitz des terres tenementz rentz annuites profitz revenues gardes manages efehetes forfaitures franchises libertees voidances des Archevefches Evefchees Abbathies & Priories fermes des mefons Sc possessions des aliens & des touz autres possessions sums de deniers biens Sc chateux Sc dautres choses qeconqes Sc as queux perfones Sc par quele cause Sc coment Sc en quele manner Sc nomement dyceux perfones qe lent pris sanz desert Sc des revenues Sc profitz qeconqes fibien de fondit Roialme come des terres Seignories citees villes chafteux fortrefees & qeconqes fes autres possessions fibien de cea la mere come dela Sc des profitz Sc emolumentz de fes monoies Sc bullions Sc de la prise des prisoners villes Sc lieux niefs carakkes biens Sc raunfons de guerre par terre Sc par mere Sc des benefices Sc autres possessions des Cardinalx rebelx & touz autres aliens Sc auxint des apportz de monoie hors de son Roialme par les colledftours de Pape procuratours des Cardinalx Lumbsrdz Sc autres perfones qeconqes fibien aliens come denzeins fic des emolumentz & profitz provenantz Sc fourdantz des cuftumes Sc fubfidcs des. leyns quits Sc pealx la nutz Sc de les petites cuftumes Sc autres subsides des draps vyns Sc touz autres marchaundifes Sc de difmes quinzifmes Sc de touz autres subsides Sc charges grantes par la clergy Sc la communalte & auxint des les receites profitz Sc paiementz del Hanaper de fa Chaunccllerie Sc qeconqes fes autres receites de temps de fa coronation tanqe en cease des fees gauges Sc rewardes des officers Sc ministres greindres & meindres Sc auxint des annuites Sc autres rewardez Sc douns graunteez & faitz as afeuns perfones par luy Sc par son piere Sc son aiel en see ou a term de vie ou en afcun autre manner Sc ft gree ou paiement lour ent soit salt Sc par queux Sc en quele manner Sc combien ils ount releffiz ou donez as officers ou autres pur avoir lour paiementz Sc as queux perfones coment Sc en quele manner Sc des terres tenementz rentz revenues Sc forfaytures bargaynez Sc venduz a prejudice Sc damage de luy ou de fa corone & par queux Sc as queux Sc coment Sc en quele manner Sc de vente ou bargaine de tailles Sc patentz pur finguler profit fibien en temps fondit Aiel come en son temps Sc coment Sc par queles perfones Sc enfement de touz les joyalx & biens qe feuront a fondit aiel a; temps de son moriaunt & queux Sc dc quel pris ou value Sc ou ils font devenuz Sc coment Sc en quele manner Sc de touz chevaunfes afeunement faitz a son oeps par qeconqes perfones Sc de touz les perdes Sc damages qil ad eu Sc fuftenu par ycelie Sc par queux perfones Sc coment Sc en quele manner Sc des chartres des pardons generales Sc efpeciaies Sc auxint de les sums Sc paiementz Sc manner des defpenfes fibien de fondit hostel come pur la salvation Sc defence de fes Roialme terres Seignories villes chaftelx fortresses Sc autres lieux de cea la mere Sc dela faitz Sc refeeux par queconqes perfones fibien foldeours come autres Sc par queconqe voie Sc coment Sc en quele manner Sc combien ils ount doneez pur avoir lour paiementz Sc des concelementz de fes droitures Sc profitz & par queux coment Sc en quele manner Sc des meyntenours & emparnours des quereles Sc denftres des enqueftes Sc des officers & ministres faitz par brogage Sc de lour broggours Sc de ceux qont pris le broggage Sc coment Sc en quele manner Et des touz les defautes & mefpritions faitz fibien CL dit hostel & autres courtz places He lieux fufditz come en touz autres lieux deins son Roialme par qeconqes perfones paront les profitz de luy Sc de fa corone ount efxe empeirez Sc amenufez ou la commune lay deftourbee Sc delai ou autre damage a luy avenu Donaunt Sc commettaunt de fa audioritee Sc par avys & assent fufditz a fes ditz Counfeillers Sc a sys de eux & fes ditz grantz officers plain pocr Sc ainftorite general Sc especial dentrer fondit hostel Sc touz les offices dycelle Sc touz fes autres courtz places Sc lieux a tant des foitz come lour plerra Sc de fair venir devant eux ou Sc qant lour plerra roulles recordes & autres munirnentz Sc evidences tieux come lour feinblera Sc touz les defautes gaftes & excefies trovez en fondit hostel Sc auxint touz defautes & mefprifions trovez en les autres courtz places lieux officers Sc ministres fufditz Sc en touz les autres articles & pointz defus nomez Sc chefcun dicellcs Sc auxint touz autres defautes mefprifions excefies faucines deceites extortions opprefiions damages & grevances faitz en prejudice damage Sc diferees de luy & dc fa corone Sc leftat de fondit Roialme en general ou en especial nient expreflez northeast specifiez paramount amender ccrriger reparer redrefler refourmer Sc mettre en bon Sc du eftat & eftabliflement Et anxi dover & tqutes maneres des pleintz Sc quereles des touz fes lieges qe vor

ront

43

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. furr. in Load.

ront leuer Sc fc pleindre fibien pur nostre dit Seignur le Roi come pur lour mefnies devant les ditz coun feillers Sc officers de toutes maaeres de durefies oppressions injuries tortz & mefprifions queux northeast purront eftre bonement amendez ae terminez par le cours de la commune lay de la terre avant ufee Sc de ent doner Sc fair due Sc bone remede Sc recoverir fibien pur nostre dit Seignur' le Roi come pur fes liges fuf ditz et as toutes Its choses avantditz Sc chefcun de eux pleinement difeuter & finalment terminer Sc de ent fair pleine execution folonc ceo qe lour femblera meultz pur le honour Sc profit de nostre dit Seignur ie Roi Sc de foil eftat Sc redintegration des droitz Sc profitz de fa dite corone & melliour go vernaunce de la pees Sc leys de fa terre Sc relevement de fondit poeple Voillaunt auxi qe II diverfitee ou variauncc dopinion sourde ou aveigne entre fes ditz Counfeillers Sc officers qe le juggement & opinion de la greindre party eit force Sc teigne lieu ficome es ditz letters patentz eft continuz plus a plain. Sur quoi nostre dit Seignur le Roi voillant qe les corrections Sc redreffes des defautes & mefprisons defufditz puiilent eftre pur son profit & pur le profit de fondit Roialme en la fourme defufdite mys en due execution sanz eftre enfreintz ou deftourbez par afeuny de laflent des Seignurs Sc de la communalte de fondit Roialme en ceftc present parliament ad ordeine Sc eftably qe chefcun de fes liges greindre & meindre de quel eftat ou condition qil soit soit attendant & obeiflant en quant qe touch les articles fufditz Sc chefcun dependance dycelx as les avantditz Confeillers & Officers en la fourme fufdite et qe chefcun qe ferra ajugge devant eux come convict dafeun des defautes ou mefprifions fufditz preigne Sc refeeive sanz debat fair tiel correction come luy ferra par les Confeillers Sc Officers avantditz en la fourme defufdite ajugge. Et qe nulle person de quele eftat nation ou condition qil soit greindre ou meindre northeast doune a nostre Seignur le Roi en prive northeast en apert conseil excitation ou motion paront qe nostre Seignur le Roi repellee lour poair demz le temps susdit en afeun point ou face riens au contraire de fondit grant ou dafeun des articles fufditz. Et fi afeune person greindre ou meindre de quel eftat ou condition qil soit face encontre lordinance Sc eftabliftementz fufditz ou procure ou face chose qeconqe en afeune manner paront les ditz Counfeillers soient deftourbez en afeune point fur lexercice de lour poair avantdite ou qe excite ou procure nostre dit Seignur le Roi a fair ou comander chose qeconqe paront le) poair des ditz Counfeillers Sc Officers ou lexecution de lour juggementz & agardes a fair en ycelles soit defaite en afeune point Sc ce soit duement provee par bones Sc verraies telmoignes qe soient notoirement de bone same ou condition nient fufpedlz covenablement examinez devant le Roi & les Confeillers Sc Officers defufditz prises a eux afeuns des Justices de lun Bank ou de lautre ou autres sages apris de la lay tieux come plerra as ditz Confeillers Sc Officers eit tie! penance ceftaflavoir al primere foitz qil ferra iffint convidl forface touz fes biens & chatcux au Roi & nientmeines soit eirtprisone a la volunte le Roi, Et fi afeune tiele person soit duement atteint en la form fufdite de conceil excitation ou motion done au Roi de fair le contraire de fondit grant come defus eft dit tut northeast face le Roi riens par tiel conceil excitation ou motion unquore il aver a tiele penance come defus & fil aviegne de Dieu defende qil fe port en apres qil soit autrefoitz atteint come defus dafeuns des defautes ou mefprifions avantditz adonqes eit la dite perlone al second foitz iffint convieft ou atteint la penance de vie & de membre Sauvez toutefoitz Dignite Pontifical Sc privilege de Seint efglife Sc clerical en toutes les choses avantdites et qe ceftc eftatut teigne force Sc effect durant la dite commilliui tantlbulment. Et pur ceo vous mandons qe le dit eftatut facez overleinent crier Sc publier es citces burghes vilies feires marchees Sc autres lieux notables deinz voftre baillie deinz franchise Sc dehors folonc le tenor & fourme dicelles. Don par teimoigiiance de nostre grant leal a Wefttn' le primere jour dc Decembre land nostre regne difine.

Avthls tnandenunts font stivoiez a toutz les vifeonts denglctcrre„

APPENDIX.

49

It.

"CAP, I.

The Archbishop of York and others attainted of High Treason

• ■ ' • f r 3 i..; •.

> it ?• jev Rttf. in Turr. Lorid. / .*rlu. r

njt: i j'.. •; • •,, • ./ rf •,, f. i;.;

primeretnent nostre dit Seignur le Roi entre autres petitions Sc requeftes a lui faitz par la communalte i0 £. 3. f. 6.

de foil dit Roialme en le dit parliament ad receu une petition en lafourme qenluit.‘‘ ITEM priont Rep. it r.z. ‘‘ les communes qe la ou a darrein parliament par causes des grantz Sc orri'bles mefchiefs Sc perils qalors, H

‘‘•eftoient efchuez par malveis governance qe fuift entoure la person du Roi par tout son temps: devantc. i & 4.

«‘ par Alifandre alors Ercevefqe deverwyk Robert de Veer alors Due dlrland Michel de la pole alors 4- C s conte de suff Robert Trelilian nadgairs Justice Sc Nichol Biembre Chivaler & autres lour adherents X 4' c‘ 3" "& autres paront le Roy tout lion Roialme eftoient moult pres da'vqir.cfte de torn aniente; z.. & deftrutz Sc pur.celle: - cause & efehuir tiels perils & mefchiefs pur temps avenir eftoit salt par eftatut en la "dit parliament. certeine ordenance Sc une commission as diverses Seignurs pur le bien honour Sc faufte ".duroi fa regalie & de tout son Roialme les tenures des quelle's ebmmiifion & eftatut cy enfuient.

* RICHARD par la grace de Dieu Roi dengleterre Sc de France & Seignur dlrland a tourz ceux qe 5 cedes letters verront ou orront falutz. Nous avons certeinement coneeuz de ia grevoufe compleinte de * Seignurs & Communes de nostre Roialme en ce present paftement au'embiez qc noz profiiz rentes Sc ‘ revenues dc nostre Roialme par finguler & nounfufficeant conicil Sc male governaile fibien dafeuns nad f gairs noz.; g.rantz officers come de diverses autres perfones efteantz entour nostre perfonc font entant ‘ luftretz degaftez elloignez donez grantez alienez deftruitz Sc malement defpenduz qe nous fumes tant ‘ empoveriz.void.es Sc nuez de trefore Sc davoir & la substance de nostre corone entant amenufe & def * creuz qe leftat de nous Sc de nostre hostel northeast poe: honurablement; eftre fuftenuz come affiert northeast les guerres qe fe habundent tout environ nostre Roialme de jour en autre meyntenuz northeast governez sanz tref * grandes Sc outrageoufes oppressions & charges, de nostre dit poeple Sc auxint qe les bones ‘ leys eftatutz & cuftumes de nostre dit Roialme as queux nous fumes aftridtz Sc obligez de tenir Sc gar 4 der.ne.font nont .este duement tenuz northeast executz northeast. pleine. 'justice northeast droit faitz a nostre dit poeple par ‘ ont plulburs defheritefons & autres trefgrandes mefchiefs Sc damages font avenuz fibien a nous corn a ‘ nostre dit poeple Sc a tout nostre Rp'ialme. Etnous al hqnur.de Dieu pur,, bien de nous Sc de nostre * dit Roialme & pur la quiete Sc relevation de^noftre dk poeple' qont este grandement chargez en plu « foures maneres devant ees heures Veullantz ove. Ja grace de Dieu cohtre tieux mefchiefs mettre bone &

‘ due remede Si avons de nostre franche volunte Sc al request des Seignurs & communes fufditz o.rdeignez ‘ faitz Sc assignez noz grantz officers.eeftaffavpir noz Cfianceller Treforer & Gardein de nostre prive seal ‘ tielx come ■ nous .tenons bones lo.ialx Sc fufficeantz pur honur Sc profit de nous Sc de nostre dit Roialme.

* Et outre ce de nostre. aubtorite rpiaf certeine science bqne gree Sc franche volunte & par avys Sc assent « Seignurs Communes fufditz en pleine.parlement en eide de bone.governance de nostre Roi * alme & bone & due execution de noz dites leies .&(' en .relevement de leftat de nous Sc de nostre poeple * cn temps avenir' cbnfiantz pleinement del bone avifement fen & discretion. de les hpnurables piers 'en ‘ Dieu William Ereevefqe dc Canterbirs Alifandre Ercevefqe deverwyk noz trefehiers 'Uncles Efmon ■* Due deverwyk Thomas Due de Glouceftre les honurables picres en Dieu William Evefqe de Wynceftre 5 Thomas evefqe dexccftre Sc Nichol. Abbe de Waltham noz chiers & foialx Richard Conte darundell Johan Sire Mg. Cobham Richard'lefcrop Sc Johan Devereux iccux avons ordcignez. assignez i deputez ‘ o^deignons, assignons, &: .deputons deftre de'nostre grant & continual conseil par un1 an..en.tier prochein ‘ apres la dat p.dyteftes a fqrveier Sc examiner ovefqe noz Jitz .grantz pffieerstiibien leftat & govwnaille de nostre hoftgl & de.touz.noz co.urtzjieux, ^ciplaces come; ieftat..& gbvernaille de tout nostre Roialme &

‘ de toutzaipz officers & miniftres^de.quecq.nqe eftat degree ou condition qils soient fibien dcinz noiftre hostel come dehors Sc denquer, e & de, prendre infonnation par. toutes les voies qc meultz lour fembjera de toutes les rentz revenues Sc profit qa nouz appartient Sc lont duez Sc deuflent appartenir A eftre duez "fibien deinz nostre Roialme cqmp dehors en queconqe manner pu condition qil fq.t Sc de toutes mi C ncres dedouns grantes alienations confirmations par nous.faitz de terres tenementz rentes annuitees * profitz revenues, gardes, manages efqhetesfcrfaiturestfranchise s libertees yoiqanccs.des Ercevefcjaes. Eves ches/abbapjes Sc Priories fermes de, mefons'& poflefljops des aliens & detput.es autres poflcffipns fqinmes ‘ de deniers bjens 'Sc. chateux & dautres choses queeopqes Sc as.queux .perfop.es & par quelle. p use &

* &. en. quelle manner & mefment de - ceux perfones qe lont pris sanz desert auxint des revenues * Sc profitz qqeconqes fibien de nostre dit Roialme come de terres, Seignories .citees villea chaflpj»for * trefees & qucconqes noz autres possessions fibien decea la mier come dela Sc de prolitzj& emoluinentz ‘ de noz monoies & bullions Sc. de la .prise des prisoners villes: & lieux niefs carraks biens Sc ranceons de * guerre par terre Sc par mier. Sc de benefices & autres possessions de cardinalx rebelx & toutz autres aliens • & auxint des apportes du monoie hors de nostre Roialme par les cplledloursgde pape, prpeurajoprs de ‘.cardinalx Lumbardes Sc autres .perfones queconqes fibien aliens come/denzeins; lf. desiemolumentz &

‘ profitz provenantz & fourdant z^de; cuftumes Sc subsides jes leynes tjuirs Sc peaix.janptzifederle^qtetftes ‘ cuftumes & autres subsides de draps vines & toutes autres; merchandif?s^ des, difmes Sc■. quinzifmes &

‘ toutes autres subsides Si charges grantez par le clergy & la commune Sc auxint de les l.'efceites prpfitz &.

‘ paiementz del hanaper de nostre Chancellery & de queconqes noz autres refeeites de temps de'nostre ‘ coroncment tanqe en cca & de fees gauges & des officers Sc, ministres grein jrcs & nteindres Sc ‘ auxint des annuitees Sc .autres rewardes & douns grauntez Sc faitz as afeuns perfones par nous Sc par

APPEND.

<7: 1

1 •;

H

noz

5°

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

‘ noz pier & aiel en see ou a term de vie ou en afcun autre manner k fi gree ou .paiement lour ent fplt ‘ salt & par queux & en quelle manner & combien ils ont releflez Ou dounez as officers Sr autres pur ‘ avoir lour paiementz Sc as queux perfones eoment Seen quelle manner Sc de terres tenementz rentes re ‘ venues Sc forfaitures bargainez Sc venduz a prejudice Sc damage de nous Sc de nofire corone Sc par ‘ queux Sc as queux & coment^se en quelle manner Sc de vent ou bargaigne de tailles Sc patentes pur ‘ iingtiler profit fibien en temps nostre dit Aiel come en nollre temps Sc content Sc par quelles perfones' Sc 4 enlement de toutz les joialx Sc biens qe feurent a nostre dit Aiel a temps de son moriant Sc queux & de

* quelle pris ou value & ou ils font devenuz eoment Sc en quelle manner Sc de toutes chevances afeune ‘ ment faitz a nostre oeps par queconqes perfones Sc de toutes les perdes Sc damages qe nous avons eu Sc ‘ fuftenu par ycelles Sc par queux perlones Sc eoment Sc en quelle manner & de chartres de pardon ge ‘ nerales Sc efpeciales Sc auxint de les sums Sc paiementz Sc manner de dispenses; fibien de nostre dit ‘ hostel come pur la salvation & de noz Roialme terres Seignories villes chaftelx fortrefces Sc au ‘ tres lieux decea la mier Sc dela faitz Sc reeeux par qeconqes perfones fibien (oldiers come autres Sc par ‘ queconqe voie Sc eoment Sc en quelle manner Sc combien ils. ont donez pur avoir lour paiementz ide ‘ conceleiwentz de noz droitures Sc profitz Sc par queux eoment Sc en quelle inanere'sc de mainteriours

Sc emparnours des quereles Sc duftres denqueftes Sc doffieers sc ministres faitz par .brogage Sc' de lour ‘ brogours Sc de eeux qi ont pris le brogage Sc eoment Sc en quelle manner. Et de toutes les defautes ‘ Sc mefprifions faitz fibien en nostre dit hostel Sc noz autres courtz places Sc lieux fufditz come en toutz ‘ autres lieux deinz nostre Roialme par queconqes perfones par ont les profitz de nous Sc de nostre corone ‘ ont este empirez Sc amenufez ou la commune leave deftourbe ou delate ou autre damage a nous avenu ‘ donantz Sc eommittantz par yceftes de nostre audorite Sc par avys Sc afient defufditz a noz ditz cbn ‘ feillers Sc sys de eux Sc a noz grantz officers avantditz pleine poair Sc atiddrite general Sc especial den s trer nostre dit hostel Sc toutz les offices dycell Sc toutes noz autres eourtz places Sc lieux a tant de foitz ‘ come lour plerra Sc de fair venir devant eux ou Sc qant lour plerra rolles reeordes Sc autres munimentz ‘ Sc evidences tieux come lour femblera Sc toutes les defautes gaftes Sc excesses trovez el dit hostel Sc ‘ auxint toutes autres defautes Sc mefprifions trovez en les autres courtz places lieux officers Sc ministres

* Sc en toutz les autres articles Sc poin'z defus nommez Sc chefeun dycelles Sc auxint toutes autres ‘ defautes mefprifions excesses fauxines defeeites extortions oppressions damages Sc grevances faitz en *• prejudice damage Sc deferefle de nous 'Sc de nostre corone Sc leftat de nostre dit Roialme en general ou ‘ en especial nient expreflez northeast specifiez paramont amender corriger reparer redrefler refourirter Sc mettre

* en bone Sc due eftat Sc eftabliffement Sc auxint de bier Sc refceyvre toutes maneres des pleintes Sc que ‘ reles de toutz noz lieges qi vorront fuir Sc fe pleindre fibien pur nous come pur lour mefmes devant noz ‘ ditz eonfeillers Sc officers de toutes maneres de durefles oppressions injuries tortz Sc mefprifions queux ‘ northeast purront bonement eftre amendez northeast terminez. par la eours de la commune lay de la terre avant ufee ‘ Sc de ent donir Sc fair bone Sc due remede Sc recoverir fibien pur nous come pur noz lieges fufditz Sc a

* toutes les chofes'av'aritdites Sc chefcun de eux pleinement difeuter Sc finalment terminer Sc de ent fair

‘ pleine execution felbnc ee qe lour femblera meultz pur le honur St profit de nous Sc de nostre eftat Sc ‘ redyntegration de droitz Sc'profitz de nostre dit corone Sc melliour governance de la paix Sc lets de ‘ nostre terre Sc relevement de nostre poeple Veullantz auxi qe fi diverfite ou variance doppinion sourde ou ‘ aveigne entre noz ditz eonfeillers Sc officers qe le juggement. Sc oppinion de la greindre party eit force ‘ Sc tiegre lieu Commandantz Sc chargeantz a toutz Prelatz Dues Contes Barons Senefchall Treforer ‘ Controllour Sc toutz autres officers de nostre Hostel Juftiees de lun Bank Sc de lautre Sc autres noz Juf ‘ tices queconqes Barons Sc Chaumbreleins de lefeheqer vifeontz efehetours mairs baiilifs'sc toutz autres ‘ noz officers ministres Sc lieges queconqes qe a noz ditz eonfeillers Sc officers en la manner avantdite ‘ soient enlehdantz obeiantz eonfeillantz Sc eidantz ft fovent1 Sc par manner come noz ditz eonfeillers Sc ‘ officers lour ferront aflavoir depar nous. En: tefmoignance de quelle chose nous avons salt fair ceftes ‘ noz Icttres patentz. Don fouz nostre grand seal a Weftm' le dys Sc noefifme jour de Novembr' land ‘ nostre regne difme.' ' >

Come nostre Seignur le Roy soit apris par la grevoufe compleinte des Seignurs Sc Communes de son Roialme aflemblez en son parkment tenuza Weftm' le primer jour doffobre land son regne difme ‘ Quefes profitz rentes Sc revenues cut supra in Jiatuto proximo precedenti itfque/verbum tantfoulemen't, ‘ & tunc ftcy Et fur ce les avantdjtz Alex' Robert Michel Robert & Nichol Sc lour adherentz Sc autres ‘ avantditz veiantz lour dite malveis governance y ferroit apareeu Sc eux pur eelle cause de leger eftre puniz

* par bone justice affair Sc auxi lour malveis faitz Sc purpos devant ul'ecz eftre deftourbez par les ditz ' Seignurs assignez par commission come defus firent confpirerent Sc purpoferent plufours horribles trefons

(i malveftees encontre le Roi Sc les avantditz Seignurs enfi assignez Sc eneontre toutz autres Seignurs Sc

* Communes queux feurent aflentantz al fefance des ditz ordinances Sc cotriniffion en defefance du Roi ‘ fa rfegalie k de tout son Roialme. Sur quoi Thomas Due de Glouceflre Unde du Roi nostre dit Seig ‘ nur Sc fitz au Roi Edward qi Dieu affoille Richard Conte darundell Sc Thomas Conte de Warr' ap f pereeivantz les malveiflees Sc purposes des traitours avant ditz foi affemblerent en forcible manner pur

* favete de lour perfones pur monftrer Sc declarer les ditz trefons Sc malveis purposes Sc de. ent mettre ‘ vepnedi'e come Dieu le voloit & viendrent en presence du Roy nostre dit Seignur Sr affermerent envers ‘ jes ditz eynk traitours appellez des hautes trefons par eux faitz au Roi sc a son Roialme fur quell appell ‘ le Roi nostre.dit Seignur ajourna les parties fufdites tanqe a eeft present parliament Sc les prist en fa ‘ save protection come en le record salt fur mefme lappell pleinement appiert. Et puis en grande tefcel ‘ lite Sc eneoqtre la dite protection les ditz traitours ove lour adherentz Sc autres avantditz continuantz

* 'tow malyeis purposes afeuns de eux affemblerent grant poair pur avoir deftruit les ditz' Due &• Contes

‘ appellantz

51

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot, in Turr. Lond.

4 appellant & autres Ioialx lieges du Roi & pur acomplier lour trefons k malveis purposes fufditz. Sur 4 quoi le dit Due de Glouceltre Henr' Conte de Derby' les ditz Contes darundell & de Warr' k Thomafs

* Conte Marefcall veiantz.loverte destruction du Roi nostre dit s ignur k de tour son Roialme ft les 4 tnalveis purposes des traitours avantditz k lour adherentz northeast feufient defiourbez qe northeast poiar avoir este

* alors sinon a fortemain pur le bien k favete du Roi nostre dit Seignur k de tout son Roialme foi 4 aflemblerent forciblement & chivacherent k purfuerent tanqe ils avoient deftourbe le dit poair quille

* par les traitours k lour adherentz fufditz queux cynk traitours font atteintz en cell present parliament 4 des trefons & malveiftees fufditz a la fuite & appell des ditz Due de Glouceltre Contes de Derby d Arun 4 dell War" & Marefcal qe pleife a nostre dit trefredote beignur le Roi daccepter approver k affermer 4 en cell present parliament tout ceqe feuft salt en le darrein parliament corns defus k quanqe ad este salt 4 depuis le dit darrein parliament par force de leftatut ordinance ou commission avantditz k auxi tout CC 4 qe les avantditz Due de Glouceltre Contes darundell & de Warr' iirent k tout ce qc mefrnes ceux Due 4 & Contes & les ditz Contes de Derby k Marefcall iirent ou afeun de eux fill ou afeun autre ce lour

* compaignie ou de eide de eux ou de lour adherentz ou dafeun de eux en ou touchant les affemblcs 4 chivaches appelles & purfuites avantditz come chose salt al honur de Dieu salvation du Roi nostre dit. 4 Seignur maintenance de fa corone & salvation de tout son Roialme & dordirier k eftablir qe les'ditz 4 Due de Glouceftre Contes de Derby darundell Warr' k Marefcall northeast null de eux northeast null qad este de 4 Jour retenue compaignie force eide confeill ou assent ou dafeun de eux en les choses avantditz northeast nulle 4 autre person .pur afeune chose fufdite northeast soit empefche molefte northeast greve a fuite de Roi northeast de party que 4 conque nen autre manner pur cause dafeun afiemble chivache Combatement lever des penons ou des 4 baners defcomfiture mort de homme emprisonement .dafeune person prise amefner ou detenu des chi 4 valxou dautres belles prise ou emporterdes bienshernois armures chateux ou autres moebles queconqes 4 arfurs des maisons ou dautres.pofleffions ou. biens queconqes aflaiit baterie robberies larcines venir ou 4 demorer ove force & arms ou nrme en presence du Roi au parliament ou counfcils ou aillours leave des 4 gentz ou exciter les gentz a lever forciblement encontre la pees par letters commiitions ou autre salt 4 queconqe ou dafeune autre chose qe poet elire furmys qe eux ou afeun de eux deuft ou deultent avoir 4 salt'ou purpose davoir salt du comencement de mond touchant afeuns des matiers fufditz devant le fyn 4 de cell present. parliament par nulle ymagination interpretation ou autre colour queconqe mes fqjent ent 4 quietz& defehargez a touz jours forfpris qe leroi soit refpondu de touz les biens k chateux queuxfueront 4 as ceux queux font atteintz en cell present parliament ou a afeun de eux k queux biens & choses feurent 4 prises par queconqe person le primer jour de Januer darrein pa fie ou puis en cea.' Nous considerantz la matiere du dite petition elire veritable k la requelle de nostre dit commune en cell party elire al honur de Dieu & profit de nous & de nostre Roialme de iafient des Prelates Dues Countes Barons k touz autres en ceil present parliament grantons la requelle du dite commune en touz poyntz folonc la fourme du dit petition. Et outre ce dellaflent avantdit volons k grantons pur la greindre quiete de nostre Roialme coment qe les ditz Due k Contes appellantz ou afeun de lour compaigne retenue force eide conseil assent bu adherdance ou afeun de eux event pris amefne ou detenue afeuns de noz justices ou autres jioz ministres queconqes en deftourbahee de execution du lay de nostre Roialme ou autre manner queconqe ou qiis event pris afeun autre person traitour a nous & a nostre Roialme ou autre person & ount voluntrement foeffert aler a large ou efehaper en autre manner del quatorzifme jour de Novembre darrein pafle tanqe au fin de cell present parliament qe eux northeast null de eux soit northeast soient pur cell cause empefche molefte northeast greve par nulle voie a fuite de nous noz heirs northeast dautre party queconqe mes ent soient quietez k defehargez a touz jours northeast qe eux northeast null de eux soit empefche molefte northeast greve a fuite de nous noz heirs northeast dautre party queconqe pur afeun chose faite en afeun temps pur atteindre a lour purpos encontre les ditz appeliez ou afeun de eux ou encontre afeun autre pur cell cause northeast pur autre chose ou salt queconqe pur affermer mefme le purpos tanqe au fyn de cell present parliament mes ent soient quietz k defehargez a touz jours.

Et outre ce nous avens refeeu un autre petition a nous bailie en mefme cell parliament par mefme it commune en fourme qenfuyt: 4 ITEM qe nulle person qad este entour la person le Roi nautre per ‘ fone queconqe soit empefche molefte northeast greve par appell aceufement ou en autre manner a cause de 4 male governance ou mal conseil entour le person le Roi ea afeun temps devant le fin de cell present 4 parliament ou a cause dafeun autre chose qad .este declare en cell present parliament pur trefon ou mef 4 prison forfpris ceux qe font atteintz k ajuggez en cell present parliament k forfpris Johan' Rypou 4 clerk Henr' Bowet clerk William Moaketon clerk Johan Lancaftre chivaler Hear' Ferrers chivaler 4 Richard Clifford clerk Richard Metford clerk Johan Lincoln de Grymefby clerk Nichol Slake clerk

* Johan Holcotes efquier Nichol Suthwell James Luftrak Henr' Clerk de Thaxftede Symkyn Shiryng

* liana Johan Fitzmartyn clerk William Cheftreton parfone de Ratlefden frere Richard Roughton del ‘ order de Freres mcnours k Thomas son frere k touz ceux qe font dela la mier ovefqe les traitours k 4 touz autres qe vdillent aler a eux en apres. ITEM qe nulle qad este de retenue compaigne force eide 4 conseil assent ou adherdance de ceux qe font atteintz ou ajuggez en cell present parliament ou dafeun de ‘ eux forfpris ceux qe font forfpris adevant soit empefche molefte northeast greve a fuite de Roi northeast dautre party ‘ queconqe nen autre manner pur cause dafcun assemble chivache combatement leave des penons ou des ‘ baners defcomfiture mort de homme emprisonement dafeune person prise amefner ou detenue des chi' valx ou daurres belles pris k emporter des biens hernois armures chateux ou autres moebles qcconqes ‘ arfures des maisons cu dautres pofiefiions ou biens queconqes affaut baterie roberies larcines venir ou

* demurer ove force & arms ou armee en prelence du Roi en parliament coufeils ou aillours lever des

* gentz ou exciter les gentz a lever foiciblement & encontre la pees par letters commifilons ou autre salt

Ha r' ' queconqe

52

A

P P E N D I X

Ex Rot. ' in Titrr. Loncl.

•.queconqe encontre Jentent ou purfuite des avahtditz Due de Glouceftre Countes de Derby Arundcll ‘ Warr'.&, Marefcall quelle entente & purfuite font declarez par lour appell en ceft present parliament: ou ‘"dafeune autre chose qe poet eftre furmys qe eux ou afcuii de eux deuft ou deuffent avoir salt ou pur

* davoir Salt puis le comencement de mond tpuchant afeuns des maders encontre lentent ou: purs

mite fufditz declarez en lappell fufditz." Quelle petition de laflent avahtdit nous avons grante en touz pointz Sr eiit volons Sc grantons pleine pardon sc remission a eux Sc a chefcim de eux as queux il‘ attient folonc la contenue do mefme la petition. • f.; ' • >

Et auxi nous avons refeeu deux autres petitions a nous baillez en mefme ceste parliament par mefme la commune en founne qenfuyt: ‘ ITEM que les appelles purfuites accufcmentz processes juggementz Sc ‘ executions faitz Sc renduz en ceft present parliament soient approvez affermez sc'eftabliz come chose ‘ faite duement pur le bien Sc profit du Roi nostre .dit Seignur Sc de tout son Roialme nient contreefleant ‘ qe les Seignurs'efperitueles Sc procuratours des Seignurs espiritueles foi abfenteront hors du parliament ‘ a temps des ditz juggementz renduz pur lonefte Sc faivation de lour eftat come contenu eft en une pro ‘ reflation per mefmes les Seignurs espiritueles & procuratours livere en ceft present parliament qe par ymagination, enterpretation ou autre motion queconqe nulles de celles soient reverfez enfreintz ou ad ‘ nullez en afeune manner et fi afeune face purfuite denfreindre adnuller ou reverfer'afeuns des pointz ‘ fufditz quelle purfuite soit de record soit ajugge Sc eit execution come traitour Sc enemy du Roi Sc de ‘ Roialme. Purveu toutfoitz qe ceste acceptation approve affirmance 6c eftabliffement touchant les af 4 iembles appelles purfuites accufementz processes juggementz' Sc executions fufditz event & ‘ force Sc virtue en ceftes cases'iffint'efcheuz Sc avenuz cu delarez fou]ement & qils northeast soient treitz ‘"eh ensample nen confequertcie en temps avenir northeast fcjeia; dite commission faite a'darrein parliament soit ‘ treite e'nenfample nen confeqnencic cn temps avenir mes quanqe eft faite touchant les matiers fufdites

* eftblfe fermement deficome eles eftoient fi profitables au Roi sustenance & de fa; corone &

‘ salvation de tout le Roialme & faitz de fi grhnt neceffite et coment qe diverses pointz font declarez pur ‘ trefon en cefc present parliament autres qe northeast furont declarez par eftatut devant qe null Justice eit poair ‘ de render juggement dautre cas de trefon nen autre manner qils navoient devant le comencement de ceft ‘ present parliament. ‘ ■ " •

‘ ITEM qe null des traitours atteintz par lappell susdit ou accufement des Communes qe font unqore

‘ en vie northeast soient reconfeiliez northeast reftitutz a la lay par pardon nen autre manner savant la grace & pardon ‘ qeft salt en ceft' present parliament ct fi afeun purfuie de les reconfeiller ou les fair pardon avoir ou les

‘ reftituir a la lay en afeun manner & ce duement & overtement & par record prove soit ajugge & eit

‘ execution come traitour & enemy du Roi & de Roialme & fi afeune chartre de pardon ou licence de repairer en Engleterre ou autre grante soit faite as ditz traitours ou afeun de eux desire reftitut a la leave

* demurer en Engleterre ou: aillours qe limit eft a eux en ceft parliament qe toutz tieux chartres & ‘ grantes soient voidez & de null value et fi afeuns des ditz traitours reviegne ou foi tiegne en Engleterre [ ou aillouts deinz le poair & Seignurie le Roi nostre dit Seignur ou afeuns de fes lieges par queconqe ‘ voie ou'fi afeuns dies ditz traitours qe font limitez a demurer en certeins lieux soit trove hors ou pafie lc ‘ lieu a luy limit soit salt de luy come de traitour du Roy & de Roialme." : Quelles petitions nous de laflent avantdit avons grante en toutz pointz Sc volons qe mefme nostre grante eftoife ferme & eftable folonc !a contenue des ditz petitions sanz emblemifement a touz jours.

CAP. II

Clause to prevent fraudulent Conveyance's of their Estates >

ordeignez eft Sc eftabliz en ceft present parliament qendroit des forfaitours de ceux qi font ajug: gez en mefme ceft parliament devant ceft vintifme jour de ceft present mois' de 'Marz qe le Roi eit la forfaiture de toutz les chaftelx Seignuries reversions terres tenementz sees advoefohs franenifes libertees Sc toutes autres possessions qeftoient a Alexandre nadgairs Ercevefqe deverwyk Robert de Veer nad gairs Due dlrland Michel de la Pole nadgairs Cont de suff Robert Trefilyan Chivaler Nichol Brembre Clfivaler Johan Blake Sc Thomas Usk ou a afeun de eux le primer jour du darrein parliament qefloit fe primer jour doctobre lan du regne nostre Seignur le Roy Richard second difme ou puis en cea et qe afeun autre avoir du doun grante ou feoffement des avantdiz Ercevefqe deverwyk Due dlrland Cpnte de suff' Robert Trefilian Nichol Brembre. Johan Blake Sc 1 homas usk.ou dafeun de eux ou de doun grante ou feoffement dafeun autre par bargaigne ou en afeune autre manner al oeps de mefmes ceux Ercevefqe deverwyk Due dlrland Conte de Stiff' Robert Trefilyan .Nichol Brembre Johan Blake Sc Thomas Usk ou dafeun deux le dit primer jour du darrein parliament ou puis eh cea soient forfaitz au Roi et qe toutz les biens Sc chateux qe fuerent as avantditz Ercevefqe deverwyk Due dlrland Conte de Stiff' Robert Trefilyan Nichol Brembre Johan Blake & Thomas Usk ou a afeun de eux le dys Sc feptif pae jour de Novembr' darrein pafie ou puis en cea soient .auxinit forfaitz au Roi. Et fi afeun des' avanf ditz Ercevefqe deverwyk Due dlrland Corit de Suff' Rrtert Trefilian Nichol Brembre Johan Blake Sc Thomas Usk fe eit demys dafeuns de fes biens Sc chateux par colour de doun ou vente feynte ou payment dc debt nient due ou en autre manner par fraud ou colluhon puis le dit primer jour du darein par jement tanqal dit vintifme jour de Marcz soient tieux biens Sc chateux forfaitz au Rci. Et auxint qe toutz les terres tenementz reversions sees advoefons franchises libertees Sc toutes autres puflcflions qefioi nt al Robert Bealknap Johan Holt Johan Carry Sc William Burgh chivalers ou a afeuns de eux le prj 4 ' - mer

53

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

mer jour daugft darrein pass ou puis en cea & qe aucune autre avoit de doun grante ou feoffement des avantditz robert Bealknap johan Holt Johan Carry & William Burgh ou dafcun de eux ou de doun grante ou feoffement daucun autre par bargayne ou en autre maneres al oeps de mefmes ceux Robert Bealknap Johan Holt Johan Carry & William Burgh ou dafcun de eux le dit primer jour daugft ou puis en cea soient forfaits au Roi. Et qe touz les biens & chateux queux furent as avantditz Robert Bealknap Johan Holt Johan Carry &: William Burgh ou a afcun de eux le fifme jour du dit mois de Marz qel „ jour ils feurent ajuggez ou puis en cea soient forfaitz au Roi. Et ft aucuns des avantditz Robert Bealknap Johan Holt Johan Carry & William Burgh foi eit demys dafcuns de fes'biens & chateux par colour de doun ou vente feinte ou paiement de debt nient due ou en autre manner par fraud ou collusion puis le dit primer jour daugft tanqe le dit fifme jour de Marz soient tieux biens & chateux forfaitz au Roi. Et auxint qe toutz les terres tenementz reversions sees advoefons franchises libertees & toutes autres poffefiions qeftoient a Roger Fulthorp chivaler & Johan de Lokton ou a aucun de eux le vynt & quint jour du dit mois daugft ou puis en cea & qe aucun autre avoit du doun grante ou feoffement des avantditz Roger Fulthorp & Johan de Lokton ou, daucun de eux ou dc doun grante ou feoffement dafcun autre par bargaine ou en autre manner al oeps de mefmes ceux Roger Fylthorp & Johan Lokton ou dafcun de eux le dit vyht & quint jour daugft ou puis en cea soient forfaitz au Roi. et.qe toutz les biens & chateux queux feurent as avantditz Roger de Fulthorp & Johan Lokton ou a aucun de eux le fifme jour du dit mois de Marz quel jour ils feurent ajuggez ou puis en cea soient auxint forfaitz au Roi. Et fi aucun des avantditz Roger Fulthorp & Johan Lokton foi eit demys daucuns de les biens & chateux par colour de doun ou vente feinte ou paiement de debt nient duez ou en autre manner par fraud ou collusion puis le dit vynt & quint jour daugft tanqe le dit fifme jour de Marz soient tieux biens & chateux forfaitz au Roi.

cap irr.

theeftates of the Bishop of Chichejier and others also forfeited.'

ITEM ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe le Roi eit la forfaiture des toutz les chaftelx Seignurics reversions terres tenementz sees advoefons franchises libertees & toutes autres poffefiions qeftoient a Thomas evefqe de Ciceftre Symond de Burley chivaler Johan de Beauchamp de Holt chivaler James Berners chivaler & Johan Salesbury chivaler auxint adjuggez en ceft present parliament du qeftoient a afcun de eux le dit primer jour doftobre le dit an difme ou qafcun autre avoit de lour doun grante ou feoffement ou daucun de eux ou de doun grante ou feoffement daucun autre par bargaine ou en autre manner a lour oeps ou al oeps daucun de eux le dit primer jour dodlbbre ou puis tanqal jour qils feurent adjuggez en. ceft present parliament soient forfaitz au Roi & qe toutz lour biens queux ils avoiciit ou afcun de eux avoit le dys & feptifme jour de Novembre darrein pass ou puis tanqal lc dit jour de lour juggement soient auxint forfaitz au Roi. Et fi afcun de eux foi eit demys dafcuns de les biens & chateux par colour de doun vente feinte paiement de debt nient due ou en autre manner par fraud ou collusion puis le dit primer jour doftobre le dit an difme tanqe le jour qils eftoient ajuggez en ceft prefect parliament soient auxint forfaitz au Roi. Et fi afcun rent charge soit demandez des ditz chaftelx Seigrmries terres & tenementz en demesne ou reversion forfaitz come devant eft dit & le dit rcnt.feuffe grante nemve al entent deftre pai.ez par le grantour effedhielment felone le purport du dite graunte qen tiel cas les "ditz chaftelx scig nuries terres & tenementz iflint forfaitz soient ent defehargez. & tiele grante de null value.

C a p. iy.. «, /

! ' t

The Penalty of concealing any Part of the said Eflutes after Proclamation made. Estates possessed by a Traitor in another's Right excepted.

ET outre ordeignez eft & eftabliz qe proclamation soit faite es contees qe chefcun qad aucuns de les biens & chateux iflint forfaitz come defus eft dit ou a qi mayns tieux biens & chateux deviendrent qil deinz deux moys apres la proclamation iflint faite veigne & certify ent au conseil du Roy & fil northeast face & de ce soit duement atteint soit tenuz de render au Roi raefmes les biens & chateux iflint con celez ou le pris dycelles & outre ce a tant come mefmes les biens & chateux iflint concelcz vaillent & eit lemprisonement dun an. Purveu toutesfoitz qe fi afcun des. ditz ajuggez soit ou feuft feifez ou posies fionez dafcuns chaftelx Seignuries terres tenementz reversions sees advoefons franchises libertees ou autres poffefiions quelconqes par feoffement doun ou grante de queleconqe person al oeps & profit, dafcun autre qal oeps & profit des ditz ajuggez'ou daucun de eux qe tieux chaftelx Seignuries terres tenementz reversions sees advoefons franchises libertees & autres possessions quelconqes northeast soient forfaitz en null manner northeast qe ceste ordinance ou eftablifierr.ent de forfaiture fextende a ycelles. "

CAP. V '

Issues in Tail, ' and Jointures of Women, also excepted. 1

ET outre ce eft ordeignez & eftabliz qe le roi eit toutes les forfaitures avantditz. fibien deinz fran. clfife come aehors Savant le droit des Seignurs des ditz franchises ft afcun droit a eux appertieiit en.

cells.

54

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

cell party. Et nest pas lentention du Roi northeast des Seignurs & communes du padement qe par force de eefte ordinance & eftabliffement les issues en la taille ou ceux en reversion ou remaindre on femmes de lour heritage ou jointure ove lour barons des douns grantes ou feoffementz faitz devant les ditz temps limitez de forfaiture soient barren ou forclofez de leur droit qant leur' temps vendra felonc la commune leave.

CAP. VI

• 1

Penalty of petitioning the King for any Grant of the said Estates during the War.

IT E M qe toutz maneres des Seignuries terres, tenementz rentes fervlces biens possessions Ic chateux quelconqes forfaitz au Roi par cause des juggementz renduz devers les perfones ajuggez en ceft pre lent parliament & auxint toutz autres tenementz el'chetes forfaitures gardes mariages & autres profitz quel conqes queux font oti deviendront en la mayn du Roi par quelconqe Cause demoergent entierment en In may n du Roi durantz les guerres pur 3cquiter fes dettes & en aide de maytenir son eftat & enfement en case Si fupportation de fes poevres communes du Roialme nient contreefteant afeun garrant ou grante salt a afeuni avant ces heures. Et qe null homme greindre northeast meindre en lofiel du Roi nentour la person du Roi nautre quelconqe de quel eftat ou condition qil soit en prive nen apert ibit ft hardy a demanded ou prendre de doun le Roy afeuns des Seignuries terres tenementz rentes services biens pofef fions efehetes forfaitures gardes mariages chateux ou profitz fufditz ou autres profitz ou revenues quelconqes durantz les guerres come defus fur pain de forfaire le double devers le Roy Sc repelle de mef me la cliofe iflint demandee & eftre reins & a la volunte du Roi forfpris offices & bail lies Sc benefices Si avancementz de feint efglife Sc forfpris ce qe le Roi ad donez en ceft parliament. Iffint qendroit des forfaitures ajuggez en celt parliament fi afeun pretende davoir droit on interesse en ycelles sue au conseil fi luy semble affair & droit lui ferra faite et qe les grantz officers du Roi par avys des autres Seignurs du conseil event poa r de vendre parcelle de les ditz forfaitures par leur bone difere tion Si qe !e doun & grante affairs fur tiel vente soient ferine Si eftable.

-1. J. _ ‘. • >

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 21 Rich. II and Anno Dom. 1397.

CAP. II

A Repeal of. the Commission granted by the King to certain Noblemen to inquire of certain Abuses, and of the Statute made Anno 10 Rich. II

ITEM come les Communes du parliament event monftrez au Roy coment an le parliament tenuz a Weftm' le primer jour doctobre land son regne difine Thomas Due de Glouceftr* Sc Richard Conte darundell traitours au Roy & son Roialme par faux ymagination & compaffement firent fair par efta tut une commission diredfe a eux mefmes Sc autres perfones a leur denomination pur avoir la governaille du Roy Si de Roialme fibien deinz loftiel du Roy come dehors & en les Seignories de Roy de pardela come contenuz eft en la dite commission de que|e k teneur fenfuit: "RICHARD par la grace de ‘ Dieu Roy dengleterre & de France Si Seigniour dlrland a touz ceux qe ceftes letters verront ou or ‘ rent falutz. Nous avons certeinement conceuz de la grevoufe compleinte de Seignurs Si Communes * de nostre Roialme en ceft present parliament aflemblez qe noz profitz rentes & revenuz de nostre * Roialme par finguler Sc nounfufficeant conseil ■& governaile fibien dafcuns nadgairs noz grandz ‘ osiers come des diverses autres perfones etleantz entour nostre perlone font en tant fuftretz degaftez 4 elloignez donez grantez alienez deftruitz & malement defpenduz qe nous fumes tant empoverez voides * Si nues de trefore & davoir & a substance de nostre corone en tant amenufe Si deftruz qe leftat de '* nous Si de nostre hoftiel northeast poet honourablement 'eftre fuftenuz come affiert northeast les guerres qe fe ha * bundent tout environ nostre Roialme de jour en autre mayntenuz northeast governez sanz trefgrandz out 4 rageoufes oppressions Si importables charges de nostre dit poeple Sc auxint qe les bones leys eftatuz Si cu 4 ftumes de nostre dit Roialme as queux nous fumes aftridtz & obligez de tenir & garder northeast font northeast ont 4 efteduement tenuz northeast executz northeast plene Justice northeast droit faitz a nostre dit poeple par ont plufours dish ritefons Sc autres trefgrahd.es melchiefs Si damages font avenuz fibien a nous come a nostre dit poe ‘ pie & a tout nostre Roialme. Et nous al honour de Dieu Si pur la blende nous Sc de nostre 4 dit Roialme & pur la quiete Sc relevation de nostre dit poeple qont este grandement chargez cn * plufours maners devant ces heures Veullantz ove la grace de Dieu contre tieux mefehiefs mettre 4 bone Si due remede Si avons de nostre fra nche volente & al request des Seignurs Sc Communes fuif 4 dites ordeignez faitz Si aflignez noz grantz Officers ceftaffavoir noz Chanceller Treforer Si Gardein 4 de nostre prive seal tieux come ncus tenons bones Ioialx & fufficeantz pur honour Sc profit de nous & 4 de nostre dit Ri ialme. Et outre ceo de nostre audloritec roiale ccrteine.science bone gree & franche vo. * lunte Sc par avys Si assent de Prclatz Seignurs Sc Communes fufditz cn plain parliament en eide de ' bone governance de noftie Roialme Si bene Sc due execution de noz ditz leys & en relevement de leftat * de nous Sc de nostre poeple en temps avenir confiantz pleiuement del bone avifement fen Sc diferetien de

4 les

55

'A P P E N D I X

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

‘ les honurables piers en Dieu William Ercevefqe de Canterbirs Alifandre Ercevefqe deverwyk noz tref ‘ chiers Uncles Efmon Due deverwyk Thomas Due de Glouceftr' les honurables piers en Dieu William 4 Evefqe de Wynceftre Thomas Evefqe de Exceftre Sc Nichol Abbe de Waltham noz chiers & so'alx Ri

* Coftt darundell Johan Sire de Cobham Richard Lefcrop & Johan Devereux iceux avons ordeignez 4 aflignez &1 deputez ordeignons aflignons Sc deputons deftre de nostre grant continuel conseil par un

* an entier profehein apres la date dyceftes a furveier Sc examiner ovek noz ditz grantz officers fibien 1 ell at

* & go'vernaille de nostre hostel Sc de' toutz noz Courtz lieux & places come leftat Sc governaille de ‘ tout nostre Roialme & de touz noz. officers Sc ministres de queconqe eftat degree ou condition qils lbient

* fibien deinz nostre hostel come dehors & denquere Sc de prendre information par toutes les voies qe ‘ meutz lour femblera de toutz les rentes revenuez Sc profitz qa nous appertienent & font duez & deuflent C appertenir & eftre dues ftbien deinz nostre Roialme come dehors en queconqe manner ou condition qii

* soit Sc de toutz maners de douns grantes alienations Sc confirmations par nous faitz de terres tenemeniz 1 rentz annuitees profitz revenuz gardes manages efehetes forfaitures franchises libertees voidances des ‘ Ercevefchees Evefchees Abbacies Sc Priories fermes de mefons Sc poffiffiones des aliens Sc de toutz autres ‘ possessions femmes de deniers biens Sc chateux Sc dautres choses queconqes Sc as queux perfones Sc par

* quelle catife & coment & en quelle manner & mefment de ceux perfones qi lont pris lanz desert Sc

* auxint des revenuz & profitz queconqes fibien de nostre dit Roialme come de terres Seigniouries citees ‘ villes chaftelx fortrefees Sc queconqes noz autres possessions fibien decea la mere come dela & de pyo ‘ fitz Sc emolumentz de noz monoies & bullions & de la prise des prisoners villes & lieux niefs carraks 4 biens Sc raunceons de guerre par terre & par mere Sc de benefices Sc autres pofieifions de cardinals rebelx ‘ Sc toutz autres aliens Sc auxint des apportes du monoie hors de nostre Roialme par les colledtours ‘ de Pape procurators de Cardinalx Lumbardes Sc autres perfones queconqes fibien aliens come den ‘ zeins & des, emolumentz & profitz provenantz Sc fourdantz de cuftumes Sc subsides des leynes quirs ‘ Sc pealx lanutz & de les petites cuftumes Sc autres subsides de draps vines Sc toutz autres merchan ‘ difes & des difmes Sc quinzifmes Sc toutz autres subsides Sc charges grantees par le clergy Sc la com 4 munalte et auxint de les refeeites profitz Sc paiementz del hanaper de nostre Chauncelierie & de ‘ queconqes noz autres refeeites de temps de noltre coronement tanqe en cease de fees gauges & rewardes ‘ des officers Sc ministres greindres & meindres Sc auxint des annuitees Sc autres rewardes Sc douns grantes 4 Sc faitz as afeuns perfones par nous Sc par noz Pier Sc Aiel en see ou a term de vie ou en afeune autre ‘ manner & fi gree ou paiement lour en soit salt Sc par queux Sc en quele manner & cdinbien ils ont releflez

* ou dounez as officers Sc autres pur avoir leur paiementz & as queux perfones coment Sc en quele manner 4 Sc de terres tenementz rentz revenues Sc forfaitures bargainez Sc venduz a prejudice Sc damage de nous ‘ Sc de nostre corone Sc par queux Sc as queux Sc coment & en quele manner & de vent on bargaigne ‘ de tallies patentz pur linguler profit fibien en temps de nostre dit Aiel come en nostre temps Sc coment ‘ Sc par queles perfones et enfement de toutz les joialx & biens qe feurent a nostre dit Aiel a temps de

‘ de son moriant & queux Sc de quele pris ou value & ou ils font devenuz coment & en quele manner & •

* de toutes chevances afeunement faitz a nostre oeps par queconqes perfones Sc de toutz les perdes Sc ‘ damages qe nous avons eue Sc fuftenuz par icelles CC par queux perfones Sc coment Sc en quele manner 4 & de chartres de pardon generales Sc efpecialx et auxint de les sums & Sc manner de

* defpenfes fibien de nostre dit hostel come pur la falvaticn Sc defence de noz Roialme terres Seignouries 4 villes chaftelx fortresses Sc autres lieux deeea la mier Sc dela faitz & receux par queconqes perfones fibien ‘ foidiers come autres Sc par queconqe voie Sc coment Sc en quele manner Sc combien ils ont donez pur ‘ avoir lour paiementz Sc de cor.celementz de noz droitures Sc profitz & par queux coment Sc en quele ‘manere Sc de maintenours & empsrnours des querels & du fires denqueftes Sc officers & ministres faitz ‘ par brogage Sc de lour brogours Sc de ceux qi ont pris le brogage Sc coment Sc en quele manner Et de ‘ toutz les defautes Sc mefprifions faitz fibien en nostre dit hostel & autres courts places Sc lieux fui'f

* ditz come en toutz autres lieux deins nostre Roialme & par queconqes persons par ont les profitz de nous ‘ Sc de nostre corone ont este empeirez Sc amenufez ou la commune lay deftourbe ou delaie ou autre rfa ‘ mage a nous avenu donantz Sc comettantz par yceftes de nostre aufiorite & par advys & assent defllifditz

* a noz ditz confeillors Sc sys de e ux Sc a noz grantz officers avauntditz pleine poair & audiorite'generate'

1 Sc efpeciale dentrer nostre dit hoftell Sc toutz les offices dicell Sc toutz noz autres courtes places & lieux ‘ a tant de foitz come lour plerra Sc de fair venir devant eux ou Sc quant lour plena rolles record ds ‘ & autres munimentz & evidences tieux come lour femblera & toutz les defautes gaftes Sc eic<cfles trevez 4 edit hostel Sc auxint toutz autres defautes Sc mefprifions trovez en les 'autres courts places lieux 4 officers Sc ministres fufditz Sc en toutz les autres articles & pointz dessus nomez Sc chcfcun diceiles 4 & auxint toutz autres defautes mefprifions excesses fauxeines delceites extorfions oppressions damages &

4 grevances faitz en prejudice damage Sc deferefle de nous Sc de nostre corone Sc leftat de nostre dit 4 Roialme en general ou en especial nient expreflez northeast lpecifiez, paramont amender corriger reparare 4 dresser refourmer & mettre en bone & due eftat CC eftablifiement et auxint tie oier & refceyvre toutes 4 maneres des pleintes Sc quereles de touz noz lieges qi vorront fuir Sc fe plcitulre fibien pur nous come 4 pur lour mefmes devant nos ditz confeillers & officers de toutz maners de durefles dppreflions injuries 4 tortes Sc mefprifions queux northeast purront bonement eftre amendez northeast terminez par la cours de la commuite.

4 lay de la terre avant ufee Sc de ent donir Sc fair bone & due rernede Sc reco'verir fibien pur nous come 4 pur noz lieges fufditz & a toutes les choses avauntditz Sc chefcun de eux pleinement difeuter Sc finalment 4 terminer Sc de ent fair plain execution folonc ce qe lour, femblera meutz pur le honour & profit de 4 nous & de nostre eftat Sc redyntegration de droitz Sc profitz de nostre dit corone & mciiour governance:

4 de h paix & leis de nostre terre Sc reievement de nostre dit poepic Vcullantz auxi qe II diverfite on vari

4 ance

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

4 ance doppinion sourde ou aveigne entre noz ditz confcillers Sc officers.qe le juggcinent Sc oppinion de la ‘ greindre party eit force Sc teigne lieu comandantz 5c cliargeantz a toutz Prelatz Dues Conts Barons Southeast ‘ nefchall 'l'reforer Controller Sc touz autres officers de nostre hostel Justices de lun Bank & de mitre Sc 4 autres noz Justices qucconqes Barons Sc Chamberlcins de lefeheqer vifeontz efehetours mails bailliffs Sc ‘ touz autres noz officers ministres Sc leges queconqes qe a noz ditz confeilleis Sc officers en la manner ‘ avauntdite fount entendantz cbeiantz confeillantz & eidantz ft fovent & par manure come noz ditz 4 confcillers Sc officers lour ferront affavoir depar nous. En tefmoignance dc quele chofc npus avons salt 4 fair ceftes noz letters patentee Don fouz nostre grand seal a Weftra' le dys Sc noefifme jour de No 4 vembr' land nostre regne difme.'

Queles commi/fion Sc eftatut touchant mefme la commission fcmbla as ditz Communes eftre prejudi ciclx au Roy & fa corone Sc usurpation de fa rc. alie Sc roial poiare et qe les ditz Due de Glouceftre Sc Conte darundell envoierent une grante person pier de la terre en message a nostre dit Seignur le Roy qi de leur part luy difoit qe fi il northeast vodroit granter Sc affenter as ditz commission Sc eftatut il feuft en grant peril de fa vie Sc iffint fibien la dite cominiflion come le dit eftatut touchant mefme la commission feurent faitz par conftreint & compulsion Sc encontre la gree du Roy Sc fa volente dent les ditz Communes prierent a Roy qe les ditz commission Sc eftatut touchant mefme la commission ferroient ove touz les dependantz dicelles repelles & de tout adnullez come chose faittraitoiroufement Sc encontre fa regalie la corone Sc fa dignitee Sur quoi nostre Seignur le Roy de Iaflent de toutz les Seignurs espirituels Sc temporels Sc les procureurs de Clergy a la requefte des ditz Communes ft ad repellez le dit eftatut en ceste article & mefme la commission Sc touz les peines Sc depcndances dicelles Sc de tout adnullez pur touz jours pur les causes fufditz. Et outre ceo le Roy de Iaflent de touz les ditz Seignurs Sc Communes ad ordeine & eftablie qe null tiel commission nautre fembleable jammes northeast soit purchacez pursue northeast faite en temps advenir & celluy qe purchace pursue ou procure deftre faite ou purfuez afeune tide commission ou fembleable en temps advenir en prive ouen apert ou use jurisdiction ou poair par virtue dafeune tide commission 5c de cco soit duement convjcft en parliament soit adjugge pur traitour 5c ceo de haute traifon faite encontre le Roy Sc fa corone et de ceo le Roy cit la forfaiture de fez terres tenementz & possessions Sc touz autres.enheritementz a luy Sc fes heirs fibien tenuz de luy melmes come dautres.

Parliamentum de Anno secundo Henrici quinti Pars secunda.

De unione Juritim tt pof iefiionum co mitatus Hereford Ducatui Lane' f'ca

IT E M salt affavoir q' le Roy de fa c'teine Science & del assent des s'rs efp'udx & temp'elx & des co'es assemblez en ceft p'lement p' pleine aueftorite de mefme le p'jement declaraft gffitaft & ordeignaft: ent' aut's choses q' toutz les hono's chafteux Hundredes com'otes Maneirs t'res tenementz rev'fions an nuitees rentes Services sees avoei'ons Possessions Sc s'ies q'conqes fibien deins le roralme denglet're come es p'ties de Gales & es ■ aut's lieux dedeinz les s'ees Sc peufte du Roy queux foint defeenduz ou defeenderent enheritablement a Roy ap's la mort Dame Marie une des ffiles & Heirs Humfrey de Bohun nadgairs Count de Hereford Essex & Constable denglet're come a fitz Sc Heir meime cele Dame Marie ovefq; toutz les droitures lib'tees franchises Sc francs euftumes a mefme cele inheritance app'tenantz ou regardantz soient fev'ez de la Corone denglet're Sc. adjointz anncclez uniz .& encorperetz an Duchee le dit Roy de Lancaftre a mefme le Roy Sc a fes Heirs come a mefme le Duche iffint adjointz annedtez uniz & encorpor^tz p' petuelment a demurrerz Sc q'eftoutz les honours Chafteux Hundredes com'otes Manoirs t'r es t'ents & rev'fions fuiiilitz Sc les aut's cliofes q'conqes a la dite enheritance regardantz 5r, les homes & tenantz a yceil app'tenantz soient auxi entierment enfrancliifcz Sc p' autielx offic's tretez gurdez Sc gov'nez en toutz points come les Possessions a le dite Duchee .appurtenamz Sc les homes & tenantz a meime le Duchee regardantz font enfranchisez tretez gardez & gov'nez purtoutz jours & cco folont Ja form force & effect de les p'oles contenuz en une cedule mys en ceste p'lement Sc p' le Roy del assent des Srs avantujtz Sc p' l'audtorite p'dce ovefq; toutz clauses en yceil contenuz plcinement affermez dount le tenure cy enfuit Henricus dei gra' Rex Anglie Sc Francis 5c Dominus hib'nie om'ib'z ad quos p'fentes l're p'ven'int falt'm .Sciatis q'd cum Ducatus Lancaftr' ac q'm piura alia Com' Honores Oaftra Marftia Feod' possessiones Sc d'nia infra Regnum n'riirn Angl' Sc p'tes Wall' ac alibi cariffimp d'no & p'ri' n'ro cl'no Henr' nup' Regi Angl' detundto tarn p' moitern Celebris memory Henr' nup' Ducis Lancaftr' p'avi n'ri ac cariflimi d'ni Sc avi n'ri joh'is nup' Ducis Lancaftr' necnon c3rilfime d'ne Sc' Avie n're d'ne Blanchee nup' ux'is ejus filie & heredis p'd'ci p'avi n'ri jure hereditario an •t.eq'm ad Statum Sc dignitatem regalem rer' d'ns oin' fua ineffabili clemencia ip'um pre'in n'rum •mip'ime evocavit defeenderent 5c accederint in quib'z quidein Ducatu com'honorib'z Caftris man'ijs jpuiliifliqr.ib' Sc d'nijs div'fa lib'tates jura regalia conluetudines Sc franchefie d'eis p'genitorib' 5c an tecefforib' n'ris quedam vid'elt eis Sc heredib' de corporib' iuis exeuntib' et quedam iibi 5c Heredib' mafeulis de corpoiib' fnis exeuntib'ac quedam p'fato d'no 5c Avo n'ro ad' t'minu' Vite sue p' div'fas Cartas tarn d'ni E nup' Regis Angl' p'avi n'ri q'm d'ni ri'ci nup' Regis Angl' sc'di post conqueflu' fu'ant conceffa p'fatufq; Pater n'r nolens d'eam Hereditatem fuam aut lib'tates ejusdem occ'one af fump'cois regalis Status & dignitatis sue in aliquo mutari t'nsferri diininui feu derogari fet eandem Plercdkatem fuam in jurib' Sc lib'tati'o' fuis p'd'cis eifdem modo forma condi'coe & Statu quib' filii defeenderant & evenerunt aceciam cum oni'ib' 5c fingulis talib' lib'tatib' fuis p'd'cis ac alijs privileges .c.om'oditatib' 5c p'ftcuis quibufeunq; quib' p'd'cus d'ns 5c Avus n'r dum vixit earn ad t'minu' Vite file ex cori.ceffione p'd'ci ric'i nup' Regis hu'it Sc tenuit eidem p'ri n'ro Sc d'eis Heredib' fuis in Cartis

57

A P P END I IX

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

p'd'cis fpedficatis plenarie &- integre confervari continuari Sc he'ri volu'it ac p' cartam fuam ex c'ta fci encia fua de aflenfu p'liamenti fui Anno Regni fui primo tenti conceflerit declarav'it decrev'it & ordi nav'it p' fe & Heredib' fuis tam Ducatus suus Lancaftrie q'm univ'fa & lingula alia Com' Honores, Castra man'ia Feoda advoca'coes pofleffiones annuitates & d'riia queen nq; sibi ante ademp'coem dignitatis sue regie qualit'cunq; Sc ubicunq; jure Hereditario in d'nico s'vicio vel in rev'fione feu alias' qualit'cunq; defcenfa eideln p'ri n'ro & d'cis' Heredib' fuis in cartis p'd'cis specificatis in forma p'd'ca remaneant imp'p'm et q'd talit' Sc tali modo & p' tales ofrcia'r' Sc Miniftros in om'ib' deducartf & gub'nentr & p'traftenf sicut remanere deduci gub'nari &. p'traflari deberent fi p'd'cus Pater n'r.ad.cul men dignitatis regie aflumptus minime fuiflet ac infup' q'd talia '&■ hujufmodi lib'tates jura Regalia consuetudines & in Ducatu Com' Honorib' Caftris man'ijs feodis ac cet'is polteffionib' & d'nijs p'd'cis in om'ib' & p'om'ia imp'p'm he'antr exe'ceantr continuentr fiant Sc utantr Sc p' tales of ficiar' & Miniftros gub'nentr & exequanf que & qualia & p' quales Official' Sc Miniftros tam tempore d'ci d'ni Sc Avi n'ri q'm temporib' alior' p'genitor' Sc anteceffior' fuor' in eifdem Ducatu Com' Honorib' Caftris. man'ijs feodis ac alijs pofleffionib' & d'nijs p'd'cis uti Sc h'eri ac regie gub'nari confueverunt virtute cartar' inde conf'car' Volens ult'ius Sc concedens 'p'fatus Pater n'r ac p' fe & heredib''fuis ex c'ta Sciencia fua & aflenfu p'd'cis plenarie declaians q'd univ'fi Sc finguli Tenentes fui de Ducatu Com' Honorib' Caftris man'ijs feodis ac alijs pofleffionib' & d'nijs p'd'cis Sc Heredes fui adeo lib'i sint Sc in om'ib' tabs ac adeo lib'e et illefe c.ondi'cois tam in ingrcflib' fuis in pleredi tates 'fuas post Mortem anteceflor' fuor' q'm in tenuris fuis ac alias qualit'cunq; iicut efle potuiflent Sc debuiflent de Confuetudine vel de jure fi d'ca dignitas regia d'co p'ri n'ro nufq'm accidiflet d'ca af fump'coe. sue dignitatis regie aut eo q'd Ducatus Com' Honores Castra man'ia feoda advoca'coes pofleffiones d'nia & lib'tates p'd'ca in manu ip'ius p'ris n'ri adtunc extiterunt feu aliqua int'rup'coe ceflac'oe vel difcontinuanc'oe lib'tatu' p'd'car' feu aliquib' alijs oeconib' caufis colorib' vel impedi mentis quibufcunq; que idem Pater n'r in contrariu' p'd'car' voluntatis conceflionis & declaraco'is fuar' vigorem 'feu effc'm aliquem he're noluit in aliquo non obftantib' Proviso femp' q'd Tenentes ip'ius p'ris n'ri infra Com' Palatin' Lancaftr' Hereditates fuas in manu p'd'ci p'ris n'ri C d'cor' he rectum fuor' in d'cis Cartis specificator' post mortem anteceflor' fuor' feu alio modo feifend' Sc capi end' extra eandem manu' p'fati p'ris n'ri & d'cor' Heredum fuor' in cartis p'd'cis specificator' p' LI b'aco'em in Cancellar' Regalitatis ibidem h'end' p'fequantr ut eft moris & fu'it faciend' r'one rega litatis fup'd'ce & q'd p'rogativa fua quoad Maritagia & p'ficua Maritagior' Heredum alior' Tenentiu' fuor' ext' d'c'm Com' Palatin' feifend' & h'end' locu' h'eat & vigorem p'd'cus Pater n'r volu'it infup' & conceflerit p' fe Sc Heredib' fuis ex c'ta fciencia fua & aflenfu p'd'cis q'd univ'fa & singula be neficia eccli'aftica ad Hereditatem fuam p'd'cam fpedtancia p' fe Sc d'cos Heredes fuos in d'cis cartis fpe cificatos continue futuris temporib' co'nferantr Ita q'd Cancellar' vel Thef' Angl' p' tempore exiften' feu quivis alius Officiarius regius de collac'oe vel p'fentac'oe feu eciam de vifita'coe beneficior' h'mi r'one Officior' fuor' feu nullatenus intromittant in futur' Et ult'ius idem Pater n'r volu'it & conceflerit p' fe & Heredib' fuis ex c'ta Sciencia fua & de aflenfu p'd'cis q'd om'es Sc finguli Receptores feodarij Firmar' Ballivi Prepofiti Officiary ac quicunq; alij Servientes CC Miniftri p'fati. p'ris n'ri & d'cor' Heredum fuor' in d'cis Cartis specificator' p'd'cor' Ducatus Com' Honor' Caftror' man'ior? feodor' Pofleffionu' d'nior' Sc lib'tatu' de om'ib' Sc fingulis denarijs firmis Redditib' exitib' reven c'oib' Sc p'ficuis quibufcunq; ' de eifdem Ducatu Com" Honorib' Caftris man'ijs feodis Pofleffionib' d'nijs & lib'tatib' qualit'cunq; p'venientib' coram c'tis fpecialib' auditorib' Officiarijs Sc Miniftris p' ip'm p'rem n'rum & d'eoes Heredes fuos in cartis p'd'cis specificatos de tempore in tempus ad hoc limitand' & assignand' duntaxat & non coram Thef' Sc Baronib' de sc'cio regio computent Sc re fpondeant continue in futur' Ita q'd Thef' & Barones de sc'cio p'd'co dc aliquib' hms denarijs firmis redditib' exitib' revenc'oib' aut p'ficuis feu de aliquib' Ccmpolis vel ro'cinijs inde audiend' h'end' redden'd' vel t'minand' in futur' fe non intromittant ullo modo ac cum p'fatus p'avus n'r p'cartam fuam nup' conceflerit p' fe Sc Heredib' fuis p'd'cis Avio Sc Avie n'ris q'd ip'i & Heredis fui de cor porib' fuis p'ereati Sc om'es ho'mes fui de t'ris Sc feodis que fu'unt Renr' quondam Comitis Lancaftrie p'ris p'fati Henr' nup' Ducis p'avi n'ri Septimo die Maij Anno Regni d'ci d'ni p'avi n'ri fextodecimo imp'p'm sint quieti de Panagio Paflagio Picagio laftagio ftallagio tallagio cariagio pefagio picagio Sc t'ragio p'totvunregnu'& potestatem ip'ius d'ni p'avi n'ri Poftmodumq; p'fatus ric'us nup'rex p'cartam fuam conceflerit p'd'co Avo n'ro q'd ip'e ad totam vitani fuam h'eret om'es fines p' t'nfgreflione & alijs malef'cis quibufcunq; aceciam fines p' licencia concordandi Sc om'imodos alios fines redempc'oe's Sc am'ciamenta ex quacunq; Caiifa Sc p' quameunq; Caufam p'venient nec non Exitus forisf'cos Sc om'ib' her'ib' Sc tenentib' de Sc in t'ris Sc feodis p'd'ci Avi n'ri Sc de om'ib' infra eadem t'ras Sc feoda refidentib' q'mq'm ijdem ho'ies tenentes feu refidentes Miniftri ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i vel Heredum fuor' existent Et q'd idem Avus n'r ad totam vitam fuam h'eret quafeunq; forisf'curas annu' diem vallum Sc eftreppamentum Sc quicquid ad ip'm nup' Regem ric'm vel Heredes fuos p'tinere posset de Anno die vasto Sc eftreppamento forisf 'curis Sc Murdris infra t'ras Sc ffeoda p'd'ca in quibufcunq; Cur' fuis Sc Heredum fuor' five in quacunq; Cur' alt'ius conting'et q'd p'd'ci ho'ies tenentes feu refidentes fae'ent fines vel effent am'ciati vel Exitus forisfae'ent feu q'd p'd'ca Annus Dies Vallum Sc eftreppamentum forisf'cura vel Murdrum adjudicata eflent tam in p'fencia ip'ius Regis ric'i Sc Heredum l'uor' q'm in absencia fua & Heredum fuor' Sc tam coram ip'o & Heredib' fuis Sc in Cancellar' fua & Heredum fuor' ac coram Thef' Sc Baronib' de sc'c'io fuo & Heicdum l'uor' Sc coram Juftic' fuis Sc Heredum fuor' de co'i Banco necnon coram Senefcallo Sc Marcfcall' feu Coronatore hofpicij fui & Heredum fuor' vel cli'co Mercati qui p' tempore eflent Sc in alijs Cur' fuis Sc Heredum fuor' q'm coram APPEND. I J Juftic'

A j VP K N D I X

Ex. Rot. in 'fnrr. Lond.

Juftic' fuis itin'antib' ad co'ia pli'ta b ad pli'ta forefte Juftic' ad Affifa capien'd' b gaolas delib'ancf ac coram quibufcunq; alijs Juftic' b Miniftris fuis & Heredum fuor' tain in p'fcncia fua b Heredum fuorr q'm in Absencia fua b Heredum fuor' adeo piece b integre sicut idem nup' Rex ric'us ea h'eiet fi ilia p'fato Avo n'ro non conceftiflet Ita q'd p'd'cus Avus n'r p' manus Ballvor' b alior' miniftror' fuor' levare p'cip'e & h'ere posset fines redempc'oes & am'ciamenta ip'orum hb'iu' tenenciu' & refidenciu' de b in' t'ris b feodis p'd'cis exitus forist'bos & quicquid ad ip'rri nup' Regem ric'um vel Heredes fuos' p'tineic posset de Anno die vasto eftreppamento forisf'curis b Murdris de b in t'ris b feodis p'd'cis que coram d'cis Juftic' .itin'antib' ad co'ia pl'ita b ad pl'ita forefte ac coram p'd'cis fenefcallo & Marelcall' Coronatore vel cl'ico Mercati fieri feu adiudicari conting'it p' .extratftas cor'dum Juftic' itin'anciu' in itin'ib' fuis ac p'd'cor' fenefcalli Marefcall' Coronatoris b cl'ici in Scflionib' fuis, Ballivis b Miniftris p'd'ci Avi n'ri inde lib'and' Aceciam fines redemp'coes b Amerciament' de ho'ib' tenentib' & refidentib' p'd'cis ac exitus forisf'cos b om'ia que ad ip'm nup' Regem ric'm vel Heredes fuos p'tinere poflent de anno die Vasto b eftreppamento forisf'curis b Murdris de b in t'ris & feodis p'd'cis que coram ip'o velheredib' fuis Vel in Cancellar' fua & Heredum suor'feu coram Thes' b baronrtv fyis de sc'c'io b Heredum fuor' vel coram Juftic' ad Affifas capiend' b goalas delib'and' aut Juftic' b t'nfgrefliones b felonias ' audiend' b t'minand' aflign' feu coram alijs Juftic' Vel Miniftris fuis quibufcunq; b Heredum fuor' fieri vel adjudicari conting'it p' extradtas de sc'c'io fuo b Heredum fuor' Ballivis b Miniftris p'fati Avi n'ri p' Manus Vicecomitum in quor' Ballivis d'ea t're b feoda exift'ent inde lib'and' fine occ'one vel Impedimento ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i vel Heredum fuor' Juftic' Vicecomitu' Efcaetor' aut alior' mi niftror' fuor' et Heredum fuor' quor'cunq; Et q'd p'd'c'us Avus n'r ad totam vitam fuam p' fe b Miniftros fuos in om'ib' t'ris b feodis p'd'cis tarn in p'fencia ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i & Heredum fuor' q'm in absencia fua b Heredum fuor' fae'et &. h'erct altaiam b a ill tarn panis vini & c'vifie & Omnimodor' alior' viftualiu' qnor'cuncq; ac alior' ad Offic' cl'ici.de Mercato fuo b Heredum fuor' p'tinen' cum pu'nicoe eor'dem quociens & quando expediens foret et needle Aceciam h'eret b p'cip'ct' fines am'ciaiuenta b redemp'coes ac omimoda p'ficua inde p'veniencia Ita q'd cl'icus Mercati ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i & Heredum fuor' non ingrederet d'ea t'ras vel feoda p' aliquib' ad officiu' suum p'tinen tib' faciend' feu cxer'cend' Et q'd idem Avus n'r ad totam vitam fuani h'eret Cattalla felonu' b fugi tivor' tam felonu' de fe q'm alior' quor'cunq; ac utlagator' ex quacunq; causa omn' hoi'um' b tenen ciu' de b in t'ris b feodis p'd'cis necnon omn' refidenciu' infra cadetri t'ras & feoda1 q'mq'm ijdem ho'ies tenentes aut refidentes Miniftri ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i vel Heredum fuor' exift'ent Ita q'd fi aliquis ho'iu' b tenenciu' de &: in t'ris & feodis p'd'cis fdi aliquis refidenciu' in d'cis t'ris Sc feodis aut aliquis alius in eifdem t'ris b feodis p' aliquo fuo malef'co quocuriq; debeat vitam vel memb'm amltt'e feu fug'et b judicio flare nollet aut aliquam aliam t'nfgreffionem fae'et p' qua ip'e deberet p'dere Cattalla fua in quo loco Jufticia de eo fieri deberet five in Cur' ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i b Heredum luor' vel in alijs Cur' Cattalla ilia effent p'd'ci Avi n'ri Et liceret ei feu Miniftris fuis pon'e fe in feifina d'eor' Cattalloi'1 & eadem Cattalla ad opus p'd'ci Avi n'ri retinere fine occ'one vel Impedimento ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i, vel Hered' fuor' Vicecomitu' Efcaetor' aut alior' Ballivor' feu Miniftror' fuor' b Heredum fuor' quor'cunq; Et q'd p'fatus Avus n'r .ad totam vitam fuairi h'eret retorna omn' br'ium ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i & Heredum fuor' necnon sumonic'onu' extradlar' b p'ceptor' de sc'c'io fuo & sc'c'io Heredum fuor' ac extraeftar' b p'ceptor' Juftic' fuor' & Heredum fuor' itin'anciu' sin ad pl'ita forefte q'm ad co'ia pl'ita aut alior' Juftic' quor'cunq; necnon attacliiamenta tam de pl'itis Corone q'm alior' in omnib' t'ris & feodis p'd'cis Et q'd p'd'cus Avus n'r ad totam Vitam fuam p' fe b p' Ballivos b Miniftros fuos h'eret in eifdem t'ris b feodis execucoe'm eor'dem br'iu' sum'onicionu' extraclar' b p'ceptor' Ita q'd nullus Vicecomes Ballivus feu alius Magister ip'ius nup' Regis ric'i vel Heredum fuor' p'd'ca t'ras b feoda ingredereu p' aliquo Officio vel aliqua re Officiu' fuu' tangente faciend' nisi in def'm ip'ius Avi n'ri vel Miniftror' luo; ' Ac infup' idem nup' Rex ric'us p' eandem cartam fuam concefterit p' fe b d'cis he redib' fuis q'd fi Vicecomites vel Ballivi lib'tatu' hund'ror' feu Wapentachior' in aliquib' execu'coib' p' p'dco Avo n'ro p' b'ria feu Mandata fua vel Heredum fuor' feu aliquo alio modo faciend' negligentes efient vel remiffi p' quod conting'it ip'os am'ciari aut fines facere in sc'c'io vel in alijs Cur' fuis b Heredum fuor' li'mi fines b am'ciamenta efient p'fati avi n'ri & q'd levarenf ad opus ip'ius Avi n'ri p' Miniftros fuos fup'd'c'os durante Vita fua Et q'd p'd'cus Avus n'r ad totam Vitam fuam h'eret infra om'ia p'd'ca t'ras b feoda om'ioda Cattalla vocat Ways b stray deodanda Thefaur' inventum ac alia res vel Cattalla inventa et q'd ip'e p' fe b Miniftros fuos feifire b cap'e posset ad voluntatem fuam ad opus p'd'ci Avi n'ri Wayfs and Strays deodanda thefaur' inventum ac alia inventa fup'd'ca Et q'd p'd'cus Avus n'r ad; totam Vitam fuam h'eret quecunq; bona b Catalla Vocata mannop'a capta vel capienda cu' quacunq; p'fona infra t'ras b feoda p'd'ca ac p' eandem p'fonam coram quocunq; Judice de advocata fubfequent' q' Pater n'r ex c'ta Sciencia fua de aflenfu p'rliamenti fui p' Cartam fuam conceflerit declarav'it & ordinav'it p' fe b Heredib' fuis q'd tain in Ducatu fuo Lancafirie q'm in univ'fis b fingulis alijs Com' Honorib' man'ijs feodis pofieffionib' & d'nijs eidem p'ri n'ro ante adep'coem dignitatis sue regie qua lit'cunq; b ubicunq; jure hereditar' in d'nico Servicio vel rev'fione feu alias qualit'cunq; defeenfis talia & h'mi lib'tates jura regalia consuetudines b franchefie in om'ib' & p' om'ia imp'p'm h'eanri ex'ceanf con ‘tinuentr fiant b utantr b p' tales Officiarios b Miniftros gub'nentr b exequant'' que b qualia b p' quales Officiar' & Miniftros tam tempore d'ei d'ni b Avi n'ri q'm temporib' alior' p'genitor & Anteceflor fuor''in eifdem Ducatu Com' Honorib' Caftris man'ijs feodis'& alijs pofleffionib' b d'nijs p'd'cis uti b li'eri ac regi b gub'nari confueverint virtute cartaru' inde conf'car' p'ut in cartis p'd'cis plenius con tinet' b res autem conceftiones declara'coes decretum ordina'coem Voluntates lib'tates consuetudines b 8 Franchefias

59

, A P P E; N D J JC.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Franchefias p'd'ca ac om'ia alia & singula, in Cards p'd'cis contenta rata.h'entes..& grata, ea.p' nob! Sc he redib' n'ris quantum in nob' eft ex.gra* n'ra fp'iali ac ex c'ta Sciencia n'ra ac de alfenfu d'nor' sp'uatia* & temporaliu' necnon com'unitatis Regnf n?ri Angl' in p'fenti p'liamento n'rp exifteri' audioritate ejusdem p'liaitfenti acceptam* apprabam* concedims & confirmam5 iicut Cart pm'ce"f'onabilit'jteftan'p volen.tes ulriius & concedentes p' neb' & d'cis Heredib' n'ris de ailenfu Sc audoritare p'd'cis q'd lib'tates cpn.fuetu dines Sc franchefie p'd'ce & ear' fingvlle in om.'ib' Sc p' i omnia in p'p'm hefantf exe'ceantr cdritinuerip iiant Sc utgntur juxta tenerem cartar' p'd'car' fine occ'one vel impedimento n'ri vel Heredum n'rot' Juftie' Efcaetor' Vicecomitum aut alier' Ballivpr' vel Miniftrer' n'rer' feu Heredum n'ror'. quer'cunqj'et q\l sigil. lum p' Ducatu p'd'ce hadenus ufitatum ad em'ia Sc singula que fub. sigillo ille ante hec. teriippra data cencefia ada f'c'a five gefta fuerunt aut qualit'cunq; emanarunt locum h'eant Sc vigorem imp'p'm' absque 1 eclama'coe feu cont'di'coe aliquali aut impeti'coe inquieta'coe vel molefta'coe. n'ri.vel ^eredum n'ror' aut Juftie' Baronu* de sc'c'io n'ro Sc Heredum n'rorf vel alior' Officjar'. feu miniftrorfn'jdr' .vel Heredum n'ror' Corone quor'cunq; q'dq; h'mi Sigillum ex nunc in Ducatu illo p ' Negocijs ^; agendas, cjufcleqi •ducatus faciendis & e'xequendis he'atr & exe'ceap. imp'p'm Preterea cum dft'fa Honbres Castra;; Comota man'ia t're ten' rev'fiones Annuitates Feoda advoca'coes ac q'mplura alia poltcifiones' & D 'nia infra Regnu' n'r'm Angl' Sc parts Wall' p'did' ac alibi infra d'n'iu & potestatem n'ra que sue runt de.hereditate p'clare.memorie d'ne Marie unius filiar' Sc Heredum Humify de Boliun nup' co niitis Hereford Elfex Sc Northt' & Conftabularij Angl' Matris n're carifiime defunde cuius Heres nos Sums poll Mortem p'd'ci d'ni Sc pri's n'ri qui ea tenuit ad t'ruinu' vite sue p' legem Angl' nob' & he redib' n'ris jure Hereditario defeenderint & accederint ' Nos jam ex • c'ta Sciencia n'ra & de ailenfu Sc audoritate p'd'cis om'ia' Sc singula Honores Castra hundr'a com'ota man'ia Pras ten' redfiones Annuitates feoda advdeac'oes polfeffiones Sc d'nia p'd'ca d'ee Hereditatis n're Com' Hereford Elfex & Northt' cum fimsjurib' lib'tatib' franchefijs Sc lib'is confuetudinib' quibufeunq; a Corona n'ra Angl' tsnore' p'fencium feparam5 & ea p'd'co Ducatui n'ro' Lancaftrias adjungims anttedim3 unims incorporam* nob' Sc Heredib' n'ris eidem Ducatui fic adjunda annexa unita & incorporata imp'p'm ut p'd'ctn eft Remanfur' Aceciam' ut d'ea Hereditas n'ra p'd'cor' Com' Hereford Elfex Si Northt' inagnifi cencius infigniri & decorarf ac univ'fi & finguli ho'ies & tenentes Hereditatcs illius nec non refide'n tes infra eandem eo qpiecius honorificencius Sc t'nquillius ex nunc deduci gub'nari & p'tradari va leaned cet'iq; ligei n'ri corda alfumant hilariofa ad t'ras & ten' ejufdem.hereditatis n're indie's conflu'e & ibidem libencius p'manere quo varijs fu'int lib'tatib' Phchefijs & immunitatibus ex'n'ra lib'alitate fuffiilti ex cha Sciencia n'ra ac de alfenfu & audoritate p'd'cis Volunf ac tenore p'fenciu' concedim5 decla raui* & ordinam5 p' nob' & Heredib' n'ris q'tl in univ'fis & fingulis honorib? Caftris huridr'is com'otis man'ijs t'res ten' feodis d'nijs & alijs polfeffionib' p'd'ce Hereditatis n're Coin' Hereford Elfex & Northt' om'ia jsi singula lib'tates Consuetudines franchefie & jura regalia p'd'ca que nob' Sc Heredib' n'ris remanere, volumf in om'ib' & p' om'ia .& p' officiar'‘miniftros n'ros Ducatus Com' Honor'' caftror'.man'ior' hundr'or' com'otor' t'rar' ten', feodori djnior'. & aliar' polfeffionu' p'd'cor' jam conftitutos allign' & deputatos ac p' nos & Heredes n'ros de cet'o conftituendo& alfighahdds!& de putandos ex nunc, futuf temporib' adeo plene integre Si pacifice. k'.eahf • ercce'c'ieahf contimientr fiant & utaritr p'd'caq; Honores Castra hundr'a Comota man'ia' t're ten' feoda d'nia & alie polfefliones ejus dein Hereditatis n're Com' Hereford Elfex & Northt' regantr 'deducant' & gub'nentr eifdem modo & forma ac fub Sigillo p'd'c'o p'ut eadem Honores Castra hundr'a com'ota man'ia t're ten' feoda d'nia & alie poiteffiones p' hujufmodi Officiaf Miniftros Ducatus, p'd'c'.i ac fub eodem Sigillo melius Sc lib'ius regi deduci & gub'nari d'caq; ‘ lib'tates consuetudines f'nchefie &' jura regalia in Ducatu p'd'c'o ext' Com' Palatin'' Eancaftrie, h'eri exe'ceri continuari & fieri confueverunt Virtute Cartaf inde conf'car' q'dq' om'ia &, Singula d'eam hereditatemn'ram Com' Hereford Elfex & Northt1 conc'nencia que fub Sigillo p'd'c'o p'. nos data cohcelfa aft a flea Sive gfefta'fuerunt. feu qualit'cunq; emanarunt locum h'eant^ & vigorem imp'p'm modo quo fup'ius quoad p'd'c'um Ducatuth n'r'm Lancaftr' plenius eft declaratum et q'd om'es & Singuli ho'ies & Tenentes ejusdem hereditatis n're Com' Hereford Elfex & Northt' ac refidentes infra eandem lib'tatib'. f'nchefijs confuetudinib' Sc Juribus p'd'c'is & eor' quo'lt de cet'o plene & integre gaudeant & utantr imp'p'm line occ'one vel Impedimento n'ri vel Heredum n'ror' juft'ic' Efcaetor Vicecomitum aut aliori Ballivor' feu mi niftror' n'ror' vel Heredum. n'ror' quor'cunq; q'dq' univ'fa & singula beneficia eccl'iaftica ad d'eam Hereditatem n'ram Com' Hereford Elfex & Northt' fpeclantia p' nos Sc Heredes n'ros continue futnr' temporib' fub Sigillo p'd'c'o conferantr Ita q'd Cancellar' vel thef'.angl' p' tempore exiften' feu quivis alius Officiarius regius de collac'oe vel p'lentac'oe feu eciam de vifitac'oe beneficior' h'mi r'one alicujus tituli n'ri aut Officior' fuor' fe nullatenus intromittant in futur' Volentes infup' Sc ex c'ta Sciencia n'ra ac de alfenfu Sc audloritate p'd'c'is concedentes Sc declarantes p' p'fentes p' nob'|& Heredib' n'ris q'd om'ia Sc lingula Honores Castra hundr'a com'ota man'ia' t're ten' rev'fiones Annuitates feoda advocaco'es ac alia poflefiiones Sc d'nia que ad manus p'fati p'ris n'ri aut n'ras poll d'c'a' conceffionem declaraco'em decretu' '& ordinaco'em ip'ius p'ris n'ri de Ailenfu p'liamenti fui p'd'c'i fic Pea ut de Jure Ducatus p'd'c'i occ'one Efcaete forisf'cure recup'ac'o'is remanere aut de lcenfus five alt'ius tituli feu alias qualit'cunq; devenerunt' p'd'c'o Ducatui adjungantr annedlentr uni antr & incorporenf nob' & Heredib' n'ris ut p'd'c'm eft remanfur' Ac eciam q'd quandocunq; .Sc quocienfcunq; aliqua. alia Honores Castra hundr'a com'ota man'ia t're ten' rev'fiones Annuitates feoda advocaco'es aut alia polfelfiones Sc .d'nia quecunq; ubicunq; infra d'niuin & potestatem n'ra p'd'c'a tanq'm ad d'eas hereditates n'ras vel alt'am ear'dem p'tinencia ad manus n'ras feu Heredum n'ror' r'one juris n'ri aut occ'one h'mi' efcaete forisf'cure recup'ac'ois remanere aut delcenfus live alt'ius J I 2 ' 'tituli

6o

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in 1'urr. Lond.

tituli feu alias qualit'cunq; futuris temporib' deven'unt eo ip'o & q'm cicius Honores Castra Hundrra com'ota man'ia t're ten' rev'fiones Annuitates feoda advocaco'es ac alia pofiefliones vel d'nia ilia in manib' n'ris vel Heredum fuor' fic fu'int uni vel alt'i Hereditatu' n'ar' p'd'ear' ad quam dinofcunt' p'tinere fimi lit' adjunganf uniantu' Sc incorporentr nob' & Heredib' n'ris ut p'mittit' remanfur' et q'd tam ea om'ia & singula q'm alia fup'd'ca que poll conceffioncm declaraco'em decretum & ordinac'oetn ip'ius p'ris n'ri p'd'ca ad manus fuas five n'ras fic devenerunt feu import'urn ut p'd'cm eft deven'unt p' h'mi' Officiar' Sc miniftros n'ros vel Heredum n'ror' modoq; & forma fup'd'cis ac fub Sigillo p'd'co regantr Sc gub'nentr q'dq' lib'tates consuetudines franchefie & jura Regalia om'ia Sc lingula in eif dem plene & integre exce'ceantr continuentr fiant & utantr imp'p'm fine occ'one vel impedimento n'ri vel Heredum n'ror' Juftic' Vicecomitum Efcaetor' aut alior' Ballivor' feu miniftror' n'ror' vel here dum n'ror' quor'cunq; In cujus rei teftimoniu' has l'ras n'ras fieri fecim' patentes T. me ip'o apud Weftm' XIX die Novembr' Anno regni n'ri sc'do Les queux p'oles lieux en pleine p'lement le Roy "de laflent Sc audtorite fuis d'tes comanda son Chauncellor dent fair fair 1'res Patentz de foutz fonn g'nde Seal folont la continue de mefme la cediile en ov'te tefmoignance & affermance de fes decla racion g'nte Sc ordinance av'ntditz. i

• • \ t 9 I I i

Parliamentum de Anno iertio Henrici quintiparsfecunda.

De Ducatu Lans > AIT aflavoir q' les co'es denglt're aflemblez en ceste p'lement baillerent une Petition, en mefme'

scnefc*lisp US' ' Parliament en le form qeul'uit please air Roy n're Sr sov'ain de laflent des Srs espirituelx

JL & temporelx & de les co'es en cell p'fent Parliament' aflemblez p' audloritee de mefme la .Parliament d'acceptier approver ratifier granter & confermer voz l'res patfcntes p' vous faitz & grantez in v're Parliament tenuz a Weftmr land v're regne Second touchantz les lib'tees Cuftumes & franchises a ufiers avoirs & accuftumers deinz voz Heritages de v're Duche de Lancaftre & des Countees de Plereford Essex. &. & auters chases comprises en les dites l'res folont 1'effect tenure & p' port des mefmes les l'res en due form adjouftantz & en outre p' voz l'res ent Affairs grantantz pour vous & voz Heirs de laflent des ditz Srs & co'es de mefme cell p'lement & p' autoritee dicell p'lement pour v're greinde proffit de voz Heritages fuifditz & pour la meillour gov'nance dicellas & en confervacion & luftentacion de les avant d'ces lib'tees & Cuftumes & franchises les clauses Sc p'oles q' cy enfuyent Volentes infup' de aflenfu d'nor' sp'ualiu' & temporaliu' ac co'itatum regni n'ri Angl' in p'fenti p'liamenti n'ro exiftenciu' & audloritate ejusdem p'liamenti concedentes & declarantes p' nob' & Heredib' .n'ris q'd utqj Capitaliu' Senefcallor' n'ror' ac Heredum Sc aflign.tor' n'ror' he reditatum n'rar' p' te'pc exiften' in fingulis Com' d'ei regni n'ri infra Ballivam luam vel in quib' Officiu' suum fenefcalcie exe'cet feu exe'cere debeat in fingulis com'iflionib'cuftodum pacis ac justic' laberator' fervientem & artificum nec non Juftic' ad div'fa felonias t'nfgreffiones & malef'ca audi enda & t'minand' aflign' faciend' de tempofe in tempus aflignetr & n'oietr ult'

num'um hum'oi Cuftodum & Juftic' juxta formam Statuti inde editi prius limitator' Statuto p'd'co non obstante q'dq' nulle donac'oes conceffiones p'donac'oes remifiiones aut relaxaco'es que d'eas he reditates n'ras aut Honores Castra man'ia t'ras ten' redditus feoda advocac'ones lib'tates & franche fias ad eafdem Hereditates n'ras qualit'cunq; p'tinencia feu aliquam parcellam eor'dem aut Wardas Cuftodias Maritagia Relevia exitus fines am'ciamenta p'ficua & comoditates aut Officiarios vel Miniftros n'ros feu Heredum vel Aflignator' n'ror' Hereditatum .p'd'ear' five Honores Castra man'ia ter' ten' Redditus feoda advocac'ones lib'tates Sc franchefie ilia in manib' n'ris aut d'eor' Heredum vel Aflignator' n'ror' five in manib' alior' quor'cunq; ' ex concessione 'five feoffamento n'ri aut eor'dem Heredum vel Aflignator' n'ror' inde f'co feu faciendo ad t'minu' vite vel annor' aut in feodo feu alias qualit'cunq; ad opus n'rum feu Heredum vel Aflignator' n'ror' conc'nunt feu aliquo casu em'gente aut quovis quofies colore conc'nere pot'unt aut de d'eis Hereditatib' n'ris feu aliqua p'cella ear'dem in futur' em'gere aut in eifdem fieri vel oriri contig'int fub aliquo alio Sigillo n're Hereduin vel af fign' n'ror' p'd'cor' magno vel parvo p'tquam fub bigillo n'ro p' Ducatu p'd'co ut p'mittit1 ordinato vel ordinando duntaxat extunc. faciend' feu aliquo alio Sigillo aliqualit'

contig'int in futur' valida Sint aut effedlualia' quovis modo Immo cafla irrita reputenf

& he'ant1 imp'p'm La quele Peticion lieu ov'tement en cell p'lement & bien entendu fuift refpondu en le man'e qeufuit le Roy de laflent des S" efpeulx Sc temporelx efteantz en ceft p'lement & a le requefte des co'es avantditz le voet in toutz Pointz.

CAP. XI

The Citizens of London may take Apprentices according to their ancient Customs.

r P ITEM monstre fuift a nostre dit Seignur le Roy par les ditz Communes pur les Mair Aldermans &

bert/and Co ' Communes de la Citee de Loundres qe come entre autres fraunchifes libertees Sc cuftumes as eux par Aom of the CI mefme nostre Seignur le Roy Sc fes nobles Progenitours grauntez & confermez contenuz soit qe les ma uzens of tonne nere Sc form des apprentices prendre deinz la dite Citee auncientment ufez & continuez soient gardez & the taksngof observes Sc use soit par les cuftumes de mefme la Citee de dout temps dount memory northeast court continuez Apprentices. 8 - Sc ap

61

appendix.

Ex Rot. in Furr. Lond.

it approvez en icell qe chefcune person qi northeast feuft de villaine estate ou condition mais de frank estate & povoit mettre Juy mefmes son fitz ou file en apprentice a qiconqe frank homme de mefme la Citee pur apprendre son artifice ou meftier. Et qe femblablemcnt chefcun frank homme du dite Citee povoit prendre chefcune tile person fitz ou file en apprentice sanz empcfchement tanqe jatarde les ditz Mair Aldermannes & Communes font & ount este grevoufement vexez & inquietez par colour dune article deftatut salt a Weftm' lan du regne le Roy Henry le quart puis le conquest vij. reherceant par ge neralx parolles qe nulle homme northeast femme mette lour fitz ou file en apprentice deinz afcune citee he ville du Roialme sinon qil ait terre ou rent a le value de XX s. par an & ceo par tefmoign de fouz'les fcalx des Justices du pees northeast qe null receive apprentice au contrary fur grevous pain limitez en le dit eftatut.

Noftre Seignur le Roy considerant le graund areriflement qe par mye le dit article purroit turner a les Their old cu inhabitantz du dite Citee fils lerroient par icell reftreintz de lour ditz libertees & cuftumes et comment notwithstanding en le commencement de mefme leftatut eft contenuz qe la dite Citee de Loundres ait & enjoia toutz fes the statute o libertees fraunchifes & cuftumes quele eft contrary au dit article & auxi consideres les entiers affections 7 £?. 4-. C j7 & grandes natureffes faitz & monftrez a nostre dit Seignur le Roi en toutz fes bofoignes par les Cite ^ zeins du dite Citee de Loundres & pur eux le pluis encorager au tielx affections & naturefles en apres C n. del advis & afient fuifditz ad ordine par au&orite de Ceft parliament qe les ditz aunciens manner form & S El. C 4. cuftume des apprentices mettre & prendre ufez & continuez en la dite Citee de Loundres soit defore gardez & obfervez tanqil plerra a nostre dit Seignur le Roi faunz eftre pur ceo empefehez ou cncurrer la pain contenuz en le dit eftatut..

CAP. XIII

There shall not be excepted in the Protections of those that shall go with the King into

France, Assise of Novel dijjeifin.

ITEM pur ceo qe nostre treffoveraigne Seignur le Roy de laffent de son treflage counfeill fe purpose ove E X P, leide de Dieu de pafler en son Roialme de France mefme nostre dit treffoveraigne Seignur de ladvis des Seignursespirituelx & temporelx & auxi des Communes de ceft present parliament pur eviter les defhe ritaunces de toutz perfones qi fount ou ferrouut retenuz ovefqe nostre dit Seignur le Roi a demurrer en son service es parties de pardela ad ordine & purveu qen chefcune protection ovc le clause de Volumus affair pur qiconqe de mefmes les perfones soit en la clause dexception contenuz en icell omission de ceftes paroles Aflifis nove difleifine et qe toutz ceux protections soient allouables & allouez pur eux & chefcun de eux en toutz les Courtz du Roi & aillours ou tiel protection soit mys avaunt pur afeun tiele person en toutz plees daffifes fibien de novell diffeifine come de fresh force faunz afeuni difficulte. Purveu toutz foitz qe les juggementz a rendrez defore enavaunt en tielx aflifes arrannez ou arannerz northeast foint mye preju dicielx a afeuns des ditz perfones iffint demurantz en le service du Roy par dela come devaunt eft dit quont afeun chose en reversion ou en remaindre en terres ou tenementz dount tielx aflifes fount ou ferrount arrannez fils qount en reversion ou remaindre en tielx terres ou tenementz northeast foint nomez en mefmes' les aflifes mes qe eles foint envers eux tout voidez et qe ceft eftatuit endurera par deux ans profehein enfuant'z fi mefme nostre dit Seignur le Roi demurera par taunt de temps es ditz parties de pardela. Purveu auxi qe toutz les entrees faitz ou affairez apres le primer jour de ceft present parliament northeast soient comprifez en ceft. ordinaunce et qe null qi ad salt ou ferra autielx entrees apres le dit primer jour de parliament ait afeun benefice de mefme lordinaunce.

CAP. XVII

Woolls, Sells, tfc. shipped out of England, Wales, or Ireland, for any Place but Calais, shall be forfeited by the double, except by Merchants of Jean, Venice, C

ITEM come en le temps des nobles progenitour's nostre Seignur leroy pur la profperite profit & bien OB. 2h.6.c.4, du Roialme dengleterre & pur la sustentation de la ville de Caleys ordine soit par diverse eftatuits & ordinances qe leftaple ferroit entierment a la dit ville de Caleys & en null autre lieu doutre le'mter ceft affavoir qe toutz lez leins peaix lanutz quirs plumbe & eftain & tout autres merchandises paffantz hors du dit Roialme & hors des terres de Gales & dlrland deuftent entierment passer & al dit eftaple & a nuli autre lieu fur pain de forfaiture dicelles exceptz tielx merchandises qen lez ditz eftntuitz & ordinances font expreflez & forfprifez ficome en icelles eft contenuz plus au plain les queux eftatutz & ordinances lan seconde nostre Seignur le Roy qoreft feurent approvez affirmes & ordinez pur eftre duement executz Nientmeins fibien fouz colour des exceptions en lez ditz eftatuitz & ordinances contenuz come par colour dez licences par nostre dit Seignur le Roy as diverses perfones grauntez graundc quantitc des lains peaix lanuz quirs plumbe & eftain & plufours autres merchandifez ount eftee continuelment de temps en temps & unqore fount mefnez & conveiez hors du Roialme & des ditz terres de Gales & dlrland en Flaundres Holand Zeland & Braban & as autres parties nient refortantz au dit eftaple ficome ils deuftent fair pur queles causes nostre dit Seignur le Roy eft defraudes de fes cuftumes & fubfidics qe deuftent amounter as notables fummes a son encrefe fil ent fuift duement refponduz & content & outre la mynte du Roy a Caleys eft semblable deftre voide desolate & k auxi les comntodites des merchandises

du

62 APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in I'urr. Lond.

du dit Roialme pur lez ditz causes deins brief temps pur eftre graunderpent amcnufcz fi remedy northeast soil purveu cell party. Noftre Seignur le Roy considerant lez premifiez ft voillant en ceo cas purvoier de remedy de ladvis & afient fuifditz par audiorite du dit parliament ad ordine qe nulle pfrfone efkippe nc face efkipper defore enavaunt null matter des lains pealx lanuz quirs plumbe northeast eftain entier northeast founduz northeast ycelles mesne northeast conveie hors de nulles parties du dit Roialme northeast hors des terres de Gales northeast dlrland a nulles autres parties doutre le mere mes foulement a le dit eftaple a Caleys fur pain de forfaiture del double value de les merchandises enfy mefnez ou conveies as afeuns autres parties qe a la dit eftaple. a Caleys ft auxi fur pain demprisonement de son corps par lefpace de deux ans faunz bailie ou mainpris. Et celuy qi feiet efpier afeun person de cy enavaunt qi offende ou face afeunement le contrary dicele ordinance ft mefme loffenfe present au Treforer dengleterre pur le temps efteant ou fi tiel trefpafour confesse devaunt le Treforer ft Barons de lefeheqer autielx trelpaffez par luy faitz qadonqes soit il convidl par fa proper confelfion ft ait le prefentour pur son labour la tierce party del forfaiture de les marchaundjfes amefnez ou conveiez encountre ceft ordinance. Salvant toutz foitz qe lez marchauntz de Januc Venice Tufkan Lumbardie Florence ft Catheloigne puissent efkipper lains pealx lanutz quirs plumbe ft eftain en lour niefs galeys carrakes ft autres vefialx ft icclles amefner en lour pairs vers le West en manner ac cuftume devaunt ces heures. Savant auxi a lez burgeis del vile de Berewyk furtwedeles privileges ft benefices a eux devaunt ces hoeures grauntez ficome en diverse eftatuitz ent faitz il eft plenement contenuz ceft ordinance nient contrifteant.

cap. xvnr.

Certain Ordinances made for the Prices of Merchandises, and Maintenance of the Town

and Mint at Calais.

E X p. TTE M nostre Seignur le Roy considerant certeins articles enfuantz eftre conceux ft defirez fibien pur

Confirmed sir j[ ]a profperite ft bien de luy ft de son Roialme univerfell come pur le bone pollitique governance ft

rx H, C it. fupportation de son eftaple a Caleys par advis ft afient des Seignurs espirituelx ft temporelx ft auxi' des

Communes efteantz en ceft parliament par auflorite dicell ad graunte mefmes lez articles deftre gardez^ft obfervez a commencer al fell del Purification de nostre Dame profehein apres le commencement du dit parliament jefqe ai sell del Annunciation de nostre Dame adonqes profehein enfuant et de mefme'le

felt de Annunciation a durer tanqe al fyn del trois ans alors profehein enfuantz folonc la form

.qenfuyt.

En primes qe lordinance ft appointement jatarde salt en la dite eftaple a Caleis fur lez lains pealx lanutz ft eftain soient justement gardez ft obfervez en toutz ceftes cynk pointz enfuantz celtaitavoir qe la prise des ditz lains pealx lanutz ft eftain northeast soit abatuz mes augmentez ft mys au greindre encrefe ft avauntage.

Item qe lender paiment soit salt en main pur lez ditz lains pealx lanutz & eftain en ore ft argent faunz afeun fubtilite ou collusion...

qe la bullion soit port a le mynte a Caleys ceftafiavoir pur chefcun farplere des lains de quell le poys de fakke eft venduz pur xij. marcs vj. LI X marcs, V LI viij. rnarcs iiij. LI ft de les pealx lanutz folonc lafferant pur eftre forgez en le coigne du Roy.

Item qe chefcun homrae qi vende ou face vender afeuns lains ou pealx lanutz a la dite eftaple a Caleys face loial ft egall partition del money' de icell ovefqe eux qi ount lains ou pealx lanutz de mefme le pois dount ces lains ou pealx fount ft ovefqe queux il eft adjoyne ft aflociez de fair partition faunz fraud ou male engine.

Item qe a tout temps les marchauntz vendours facent acquitances a les merchauntz achatours pur eftre enfeales defoubz le seal a ceo ordinez deins leftaple fuifdit a lentent qe null merchaunt vendour nappre ftera dcrere a null merchaunt null manner de money par luy refeeu des lains northeast des pealx mes qe mefme la moneie puifie eftre apportez deins ie Roialme faunz fubtilite ou fraud.

CAP. XIX

If a Mariner shall receive into his Ship any Merchandises, or carry them to any other Place than to the Staple at Calais, the Goods and Ship shall be forfeited.

EXP. Y T E M pur taunt qe fovent foitz plufours mariners eftraunges des diverse parties de Flaundres Holand

JL Zeland & Braban cn diverse ports ft crikes du Roialme preignent en lour niefs ft vefiealx lains pealx lanutz & autres merchaundifes de leftaple lez queux fount truffez en toneux pipes barelles fakkes far delles ft autrement & icelles privement mufehent ft concelent cn lour vefialx defoubz le bois f'rument aveyfis fccole ft en autre manner ft enfiles carient as diverse parties doutre le mere a graunde prejudice du Roy en amenufant fes cuftumes ft subsides .a damage de toutz les lubgitz de son Roialme. Noftre Seignur

APPENDIX. 6 3

Ex .Rot. in Turr. Lond.

nur le Roy voillant efchuer lez ditz prejudices Sc encountre tielx fubtilitees purvoier de remedy ad or deigne par audtorite fuifdit qe null mariner eftraunge northeast null autre mariner qeft enfemblement possessour & maiftre dafcun nies ou veffell northeast preigne northeast refceive dedeins Engleterre Gales northeast Irland en son nies ou veffell null manner des lains pealx lanutz nautre merchaundife de leftaple northeast ycelles amefne hors du roi alme as afcuns autres parties doutre le mere mes foulement. a leftaple de Caleys lalvent tielx qi par lor dinance faite pafleront outre les eftroites de Marrok Sc ceo fur pain de forfaiture au Roi fibien de tielx niefs Sc biens enfi trovez defeiftifs come dez biens dez ditz mariners en mefmes les niefs ou vefl'elx efteantz.

Et qe le mair de leftaple pur le temps efteant ait poiar Sc audlofite de fair due ferche en cell party Sc lez niefs biens Sc mariners ft afcuns ent soient trovez defedtifs pur eftre prefentz Sc deliverez au counfeil du Roi eh Engleterre par just relation ent affair par le dit mair ou son depute luy aiantpur son regard la tierce party des forfaitures par luy prefentz Sc provez en manner fuifdit.

CAP. XX

No Merchant of Calais shall buy beyond the Sea any Merchandise of the Staple.

ITEM pur ceo qenoftre Seignur le Roy eft enfourmez qe certeins perfones continuelment enhabitantzexp, en la ville de Caleys ove merchauntz aliens de lour affinite Sc consent pur lour finguler lucre ymaginent par fubtielx mefnes damenufer la price del commodite de ceft Roialme lez queux devaunt cez heures ount eftez & unqore fount graundement ufez en taunt qe quant lez merchauntz aliens deufient avoir reparez au dit ville pur lains Sc pealx lanutz achater ils ounte este retournez Sc retrahez parmy lez ditz enhabitantz iffmt qe lez poveres hommes ount este leffez de lour biens Sc pur graund mefehief lour coviendroit de neceffite vendre lour biens as ditz enhabitantz de Caleys lez queux northeast voillent icelles achater finoun graundement deins lour price a graund areriffement des vendours Sc ameriufment del prise del commodite avauntdit Mefme nostre Seignur le Roy voillant fur ceo purveier de remedy pur la profit de luy & lavaile de son Roialme ad ordeigne par la dit auflorite qe defore enavaunt null merchaunt continuelment en habitant deins la dite ville de Caleys soit fuffrez dachater de pardela la mere null manner des lains pealx lanux quirz plumbe neftain northeast null autre merchandise aperteignant a leftaple fur pain de forfaiture dicell atant de foitz come il poet eftre provez.

cap. xxr.

A Repeal of all Licences granted to Men of newca/lle and Berwick, to carry Merchandises to other Places than to Calais. The Penalty for carrying of Merchandises of the Staple into Scotland.

ITEM pur taunt qe grant noise court parmye les hommes de Novechaftell Sc Berwyk qe fils ames E X pi neroient lour lains a leftaple a Caleys ils ferroient anientifez Sc deftrutz la ou la contrary eft verrai & poet eftre provez a ceo qe le Roy eft enfourmez qar le mair de leftaple Sc son compaignouns voillent doner as ditz hommes de Neuchaftell & Beriwyk pur la quantite de lour lains Sc pealx lanuz femblablement come le Roy un an ovec un autre ad este refponduz del cuftume Sc fubfidie dicell & a tant come ils ount este venduz en Flaundres ou en autres lieux ou ils repairent pur eftre paiez as refonables terms en or & argent pur eftre amefnez en ceft Roialme la ou null dener vient par eux a present. Mefme nostre Seignur le Roy considerant qe parmy les licences des ditz hommes de Neuchaftell Sc Berwyk graund arrerif ment avient a luy de fez cuftumes & subsidies Sc amefnufement del price del commoditee du Roialme ad ordeigne par audtorite fuifdit qe les ditz licences soient repell'ez. Et ft afeuny de male voloir vende ou carie afcuns lains pealx lanutz quirs plumbe ou afeun autre merchandise de leftaple en defraude du Roy ou arrerifment del commodite de son Roialme en Efeofe qil forfalte mefmes lez biens ovec le double value •

Sc son corps au prison par lefpace dun an.

CAP. XXV

The Mayor of the Staple of Calais shall continue two Years in his Office..

IT E M pur certeins trefgraundes Sc notables causes loneur de nostre Seignur le Roy Sc le commune EXP.

bien de tout son Roialme dengleterre concernentz ordinez eft par audtorite de ceft parliament qe le mair de leftaple de Caleis qoreft eftoife en son office de mair de rnefme leftaple jefqe a le fest de nostre Dame profehen avenir Sc del dit fest jefqe au fyn de deux ans alors profeheins enfuanta pleinement accompiiez afeun ftatut ou ordinance au contrary saint neint contrifteant.

C A B,

64

APPENDIX

CAP. XXVII

A Remedy for the Inhabitants of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, against: the com .monalty of the Forest of Dean, C to prevent future Robberies and Injuries in the Navigation on the Severn.

Ex Rot. Turr. in loncl

ITEM pur ceo qe les Communes du Roialme efteantz en ceft parliament al instance des foialx lieges du Roi les bailifs burgeys h la communalte de la ville de Teukefbury deinz le counte de Glouc' ount salt a nostre Seignur le Roi trelgrevous complcint en mefme le parliament qe la ou la dite ville eft adjoynant a le ryver de Siverne deinz le dit countee quel ryver eft commune a tout le poeple nostre dit Seignur le Roy pur carier recarier Sc amefner deins le ftreme du dit ryver en batelx trowes Sc autrement tout manner de merchandise Sc autres biens Sc chateux a Briftowe Sc a chefcun party adjoyant a mefme le ryver en quel ryver diverses perfones du dit ville de teukefbur.y fov.ent Sc ore tarde ount chargez lour propres veflealx Sc trowes ovec frument brees Sc autres bless biens a le value de '• LI Sc mefmes les veftelx Sc trowes enfy chargez ount conveiez en mefme le ryver vers la dite ville de Briftowe par les coftes del forest de Dene deins le dit countee adjoynant au dit ryver la ount venuz graunde multitude du poeple Sc routes des communes de mefme la forest Sc des liundredes de Bledeflowe Sc Wefebury ove graunde riote Sc force en manner de guerre ficome enemys deftrange terre Sc ove force ount difpoillez mefmes les perfones des ditz veftelx Sc priz de eux tout lour blees Sc biens deinz mefmes les veftelx Sc icelles perfones ount manaf fez deftre mortz fils fefoient afcun refiftence ou afcun fuite ou querele pur icell a graunde anientifment Sc empoverifienient des ditz perfones Sc oppression de tout la paiis la adjoynant. Et depuis mefme nostre Seignur le Roy par advys de son counfeill envoia fez letters de prive seal diredtz as diverses perfones du dit forest de fair proclamation qe null home du dit forest ferroit fy hardy de deftcurber en null manner son poeple pur pafler par le dit ryver ove toutz maners des blees biens Sc chateux northeast null autre manner de merchandise fur peyn de trefon Apres quell proclamation faite lez ditz trefpaflours venoient au dit ryver ove greindres routes Sc riotes qe unqes ils firent pardevaunt northeast faifantz point des dites letters de prive seal Sc la difpoilerount as diverses foitz viij. trowes de frument blees floure 8c autres diverses biens Sc les gentz de mefmes les trowes jetteroient outre borde Sc diverse de eux neierent Sc les haufters des ditz trowes decouperent Sc les pofleftburs des ditz biens Sc auxi les gentz dez ditz trowes manafierent qils northeast ferroient fy hardy pur carier null manner de vitaill parmy le dit ftreme defuis ou debas pur Seignur northeast pur dame et qils vendroient tout de trencher les ditz batelx fils venoient autrefoitz par les coftes du dit forefte pur quell riote Sc rebellion null person de dit ville de Teukefbury northeast de paiis adjoynant nose carier blees northeast autres biens en le dit ryver northeast purfuier pur remedy avoir pur tielx oppressions Sc grevez; a eux faitz pur taunt qe les ditz forest Sc liundredes fount paiis bien large Sc de raungeous poeple & bien pres adjoignantz a Gales Sc toutz lez communes de mefme les forest Sc hundredes dun affinite en malice Sc riote northeast faifantz .pojnt de la lay northeast de les officers Sc ministres dicell northeast chargeantz les procefle northeast reddure de la lay de terre en taunt qils northeast voillent obeier forfqe a lour proper volunte null ministre de la lay northeast execution dicell northeast les officers northeast ministres de la lay de dit counte nofettt en afcun manner venir en la dite forest pur executier afcun matier ou procefie du lay encountre la volunte Sc entent des communes dez forest St hundredes avauntditz. Noftre dit Seignur le Roi considerant les ditz mischiefs Sc les inconveniences qi fount femblablez du fuicr fur icelles 8c fur ceo voillant resister la malice de tielx trefpaflours St pur lez foialx lieges enfy grevez purvoir de haftif Sc coveuable remedy en cell party del advys Sc assent des Seignurs elpirituelx Sc temporelx en ceft parliament efteantz 5c a lefpecial request des dites Communes ad ordine par auiftoritee de mefme le parliament qen chefcun tiel cas avenir ou deinz ceft an darrein pafle eu ou cheie le viscount du dit countee oules baillifs de la ville de Glouceftre pur le temps eftpantz ou unde eux fur pain de forfaiture de XX LI pur eflre levez de lour terres biens Sc chateux al oeps du Roy face proclamation au dite ville de Glouceftre deins quartre jours profcheins apres la notification faite a eux ou a afcun de eux par les perfones enfy endamages ou par afcun autre en lour nouns dautielx injuries Sc trespasses faitz qe les ditz trefpaffours reftorent en mefme la ville de Glouceftre deinz XV jours apres la dite proclamation a les ditz parties enfy endammagez lour ditz blees Sc merchandises biens Sc chateux iffint prifez ou la verrai valu dicell ovefqe refonables amendes pur lour damffiages dautielx prises Apres quell proclamation fi lez ditz trefpaftours northeast reftorent lez ditz blees & merchandises biens Sc chateux ou la value dicelles a les parties enfi grevez en la form fuifdite ovefqe refonables amendes pur lour dammages northeast qe lez ditz trefpaflours northeast loient amefnez au prison du Roi a le chaftell de Glouc' pur lez ditz trespass par les officers des ditz forest Sc hundredes ou par les communaltees dicpls pur efiye demefnez en tiel cas par le Roy Sc foun counfeill qadonqes par consideration qe leftatut de Wincheftre mys pur la robberie dafcun person dona un action pur luy qeftrobbez encountre le hundrede deinz'la quell mefme la robberie eft saint folonc la fourme de mefme leftatut lez ditz communaltees soient chargez de mefmes les blees Sc merchandises biens Sc chateux iffint prifez ou de la verrai value dicelles a la party enfy grevez Sc pur eux fatisficr de lour dammages pur mefme la prise et qe les ditz parties enfy endammages Sc grevez puissent ayer lour general actions de dette envers les ditz communaltees des dites forest 8c hundredes de la sum de mon.eye a la quelle le value des blees merchandises biens Sc chateux iffint prifez sex tende ceo qe les dites communaltees northeast soient communaltes corporatz nient .contrifteant aiantz processes en tielx actions de dette par fummonces attachementz Sc distresses ficome il eft a avoir en un action df let a la commune lay Iffint qe fi les ditz communaltees facent defaute a la seconde diftrefie en tidx actions qadonqes la party qi fuera eit juggement de recoverer son dette envers les ditz communaltees

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

tees folonc son fuppofaill de Jour briefs en la fourme fuifdite ovefqe fes refonables dammages Sc expenses ex qiqe issue triable par enqueft en les ditz forest & aveigne apprendre en tielx actions qil soit trie par enqueft del corps du dit countee hors de mefmes les forest Sc hundredes et qe les biens & chateux de chefcun finguler person des dites communaltes pur le temps efteant soient cuz prifez Sc tenuz en lay tome les communes biens & chateux de mefmes les communaltes tochant le retourne fyrvice & toutz executions des briefs processes & en & de lez ditz actions - qe chefcun lmguler person dez ditz forest Sc communaltees aient poair par audtorite du dit parliament pur attacher & areftier les ditz trefpallburs par lour corps fibien deins la dite forest come dehors Sc pur eux enfy areftez commetter a la dite prison et qe le gardein de mefme la prisone fur pain de XL LI pur eflre levez de fez biens Sc chateux terres Si tene mentz al oeps du Roy fauvement guard chefcun person a son guard iftint commys jefqes au temps qe le Roi ou son counfeill ad ordine Si purveu lour deliverance de recorde. Et ft les biens ou chateux dafcun fmguler person ou perfones dez ditz forest ou hundredes efteantz nient coupables de tielx dif poliations aveigncnt pur eftre myz en execution par cause dalcuns tielx actions Sc juggementz qidonqes la dite person ou perfones enfy nient coupables efteantz lez biens ou chateux de queux enfy soient myz ea execution puifie ou puissent aver lour efpeciall atftions de dette ou trespass fur lour cas envers les ditz trefi paflours pur recoverer lour dammages fibien pur le value des bjens ou chateux iffint myz en execution come pur lour dammages Sc coftages qaveignent a eftre euz a cause de tielx actions de detie aiantz procefie en les ditz actions de dette ou trespass come il eft a avoir en les ditz actions de dette pur lez ditz perfones enfy endamagez & defpoillez.

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 9 Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1430.

CAP. I.

All Affiles anti Nift pruts shall be adjourned during this Parliament, until certain Days.

Ex Rot. in ‘turr. Londen

primez considere content en toutz les countees dengleterre les jours daflifes de Novell difteifine EX Pl de Nisi prius adonqcs feurent prefixez verifemblablement deftre tenuz durant le haute court du dit parliament en quel court de parliament plufours des lieges du Roi feurent par son commaundement des queux plufours feurent pleintifs & plufours defendantz en ycelles assises. &. prius h en les ditz assises & prius mefmes les plaintifs & defendantz feurent verifemblables deftre difheritez ft remedy northeast feuft purveu en cell party. Et pur taunt par advis Sc assent des ditz Seignurs espirituelx Sc temporelx Sc a la elpeciall request des ditz Communes qrdeigne eft par audtorite du dit parliament de proroger touz maners daffifes Sc Nisi prius devaunt prefixez tanqe a certein jour par le Chaunceller dengleterre pur le temps efteant apres le tierce jour de Marce le dit an ixme avenirs a limiteers et qe les ditz jours iftint par le dit Chaunceller a limitiers event relation en lay a les jours daffifes Sc Nisi prius adonqes iftint pre fixez tielment qe par ceft prorogation northeast soient ycelles assises Sc nisi prius tenuz ou reputez nounfuez northeast discontinuez. Et qe en chefcun des countez fuifditz soient proclamations faitz par les vifeuntz XV jours devaunt les ditz jours iftint par le dit Chaunceller a limitiers qe les pleintifs &: defendantz & toutz autres qont affairs en les ditz assises Sc Nisi prius poient garder lours jours a limitiers en les dues proclamations iftint affairs les quelles proclamations aient tffedf Sc force des attachementz fauna ce qe coviendra pur ceo afeuns autres novelx attachementziaire.

CAP. II

English Merchants may sell their Merchandise to Aliens, giving them only six Months Credit, notwithstanding the Statute of 8 Hen. 6. C 24.

ad. j m #

ITEM come en le parliament tenuz a Weftm' lan viijc nostre dit Seignur le Roi entre autres articles j X P.

contenuz soit pur efch.uer. la graunde perde qe diverses perfones de cell Roialme avoient euez Si feu ch. 7. f. rent semblables davoir pur lours appreftez faitz de lour merchandises as marchantz aliens qont enfuez ovefqe icelle Sc de jour en autre prifterent feintuaries ordinez fuift qe null Englois northeast vendroit re ferroit vendre delors en avaunt a null merchant alien null mailer de merchandise mes fou'ement pur pressed paie ment en moneye ou autrement en merchandise pur merchandise deftre paies & contentez en main fur pain de forfaiture dicell par cause dc quell ordinaunce les marchantz Englois nount mye venduz northeast poient vendre northeast outrer lour draps as.merchantz aliens parount nostre dit Seignur le Roi ad perduz .fes cuftumez queux duffoit avoir euez LI lez draps euflent este venduz come ils feuffenttc folient parde. vaunt et les merchauntez Englois les overers des draps & autres lieges nostre Seignur le Roi en plufours parties de son Roialme graundement anientifez & endamagez. Sur quoy a la supplication des ditz Communes Sc del advis & assent fuifdit eft ordeigne qe lez merchantz hnglois ])uiftent vendre lour draps as. merchauntz aliens pur pressed paiement en moneye ou autrement en merchandise pur merchandise deftre paiz Sc content en maine ou pur appreft de paiement affair en money ou en merchandise de vj. moys en APPEND. K vj.

66

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot: in Eurr. Lond.

vj. moys apres tielx achatez & bargayns faitz profcheins avenirs faunz pluis outre jour du paiement ent doner fur pain de forfaiture dicell lordinaunce avauntdite nient conftriteant. Et durera cede orciinaunce tanqe il plerra a nostre Seignur !e Roi. Purveu toutz foitz qe toutz autres articles en la dite ordinaunce fuite Ic dit an viij' contenuz eftoifent en lour force.

CAP. III '

The Proceedings against Owen Clendour, attainted of High Treason, shall] stand good, notwithstanding any Error, Misprision, sr. but shall not prejudice his Heirs.

p ITEM considerez les graundes infurrebtions rebellions & horribles trefons ymaginez & perpetrez par

X Owen Glcndourdy de Gales encountre la roiall magefte du ri Henri aiel a nostre Seignur le Roi qoreft dcunt il fuift enditez ficome il appiert en un enditement salt & perpetre devaunt Thomas nadgairs Count darundell Johan Burley & Thomas Lee par commission du dit Roi laiel a enquerrer ovefqe autres de toutz maners des trefons infurrebfions & enemes de mefme le Roi laiell come en la dite commission eft contenuz plus au plain. Et fur ceo le dit enditement de trefhautz & heynoufes trefons portez en le Bank du Roi a Weftm' & procefle ent fuez tanqe mefme le Owen apres proclamation salt en V coun teez fuift utlagez depuis en plain parliament tenuz a Weftm' lan quart de mefme le Roi laiel fuift ap pellez & nomes de recorde traitour au dit Roi laiell fibien par eftatuit come par letters patentes do'dit Roi laiell et pur la horribilite de festi plufours trefons y fuift ordeigne par eftatut en mefme le parliament qe null homme Englois mariez a aufcune femme Galeife del amiftee ou alliaunce du dit Owen traitour au Roi ferroit mys en office en Gales northeast en les marches et auxint considerez cement le dit Owen & fes adherentez feurent exceptez en plufours generalx graces & pardons grauntez par le dit Roi laiell a fez lieges as diverses temps pur cause des infurrebfions rebellions & horribles trefons defuifditz pur le bien 'de tout 1c roiajme & pur repreflion de toutz tielx horribles trefons defore a eftre compaflez del assent des seig nurs & Communes fuifditz ordinez eft & eftabliez par aubforite del dit present parliament qe toutz maners des enditementz iquifitions proceftes recordes jugementz ordenaunces & eftatutz faitz expreflez priez eux purfuez ou declarez envers le dit Owen soient affermez aubtorifez & eftabliez pur lay par aubtorite de ceft present parlemente avaunt dit & par mefme laueforite soient effebfuelx & fufficeantz en lay pur Her & concluder pur toutz jours toutz qi fount heirs ou del sank du dit Owen afeun defaute ou mefprifion cn cell party euez nient obftant ou afeun error en eferivant ou leflant del noun ou lieu ou lendorfement du dit commission ou de lachefle addant ou leflant pluis ou meyns qe covient ou afeun autre error ou defaute en les ditz enditementz inquifltions recordes ou jugementz nient contrifteant iflint qe ceste present ordinaunce northeast soit prejudicial a afeun des heirs ou del sank du dit Owen tanqe as afeuns terres taillez.

CAP. VII

No Sheriff, iec. of the County of Hereford shall extort Money, or do Wrong in his Turn,

by Colour of his Office.

r. X P. ITEM pur graundes mefehiefs & importables oppressions faitz de jour en autre a les loialx lieges du Revived for 3 X Roi deinz le counte de Hereford par encrochemeniz & extorfions faitz par les vifeountz del dit countee yyp6by pur le temps efteantz nadgairs commencez & torcenoufment continuez a cause qe les ditz vifeountz en

11 ' ' C lour toumes & autres lieux apres lour tournes tenuz & finez en les queux autres lieux ils nount poer northeast

aubforite par lour office de apprendre afeun enquerre ou enqueft preigr.ent diverses enquerres enqueftes dorfices & enditementz des labourers artificers & autres diverses choses ordeignez par eftatut deftre enquis devant iez justices h commissioners de la peas & en null manner atteignent northeast appartiegnent deftre enquis par tielx vifeountz en lour tournes northeast autrement northeast en autres lieux devaunt eux. Et les queux vif countz par force de tielx enquerres enqueftes doffice & enditementz nient duement northeast loyalment prifez devaunt les ditz vifeountz en lour tournes h aillours et pur le noun venue des ditz lieges as ditz tournes les ditz vifeountz pieignent torcioufement a lour oeps proper des diverse de mefines les lieges fynes LI amercymentz de X li' & autres graundes sums en graundes oppression anientiftment & deftrubhon des plufours poverez gentz des ditz lieges fi remedy northeast soit haftivement purveu en ceft party. Par confide raticn des queux mefehiefs ordeigne eft par audforite de ceft parliament qe null vifeont northeast south vifeont du dit countee de ceft jour cnavaunt par colour de son office preigne afeun enquerre enditement northeast enquelle doffice en son tourne qe northeast doit par la lay eftre pris en son tourne northeast qe il par colour de fondit office preigne afeun enquerre enquefte doffice ou enditement en afeun autre lieu apres le dit tourne tenuz & since ct northeast qil pieigr.e des afeuns des ditz lieges du Roi afeuns fines ou amercimentz pur afeun chose ou cause qe nappartient a son tourne ou office northeast afeune tiel heynoufe h grevoufe amerciement de afeun dez ditz lieges encountre refon pur noun venue au dit tourne ou a autre lieu ou pur autre cause par colour de son office fur pain de XI li' par luy appaiers a nostre Seignur le Roi fes heirs & fuccefiours a taunt de temps qe tiel vifeont ou south vifeont ent ou de afeun article dicellz soit duement convibl al suit du Roi de party greve qe sue fibicn pur ie Roi come pur luy mefme et qe la party qe sue en tiel caas eit la moitee del dk somme enfemblemcnt ove fes damages a double a son.propre ocps et, qe la party en ceft cas greve eit poer par mefme huciorite de fuer en cell party envers tielx vifeontz ou south vifeontz fi bien pur le Roy come pur luy mefme come devaunt eft dit. Et qe les justices dc la pees de mefme la 4 ■ counte

67

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turf. Lond.

counte pur le temps efteantz event poier Sc audtorite de enquerrer oier Sc terminer tielx mefprifions Sc offences fibien al fuite du Roi come de party qe voet fuer pur k Roi & pur luy mefme. Et durera cell ordinance pur trois ans profcheins enfuantz.

CAP. X

A Rehearsal and Confirmation of the Statute of 3 Henry 5. cap. 2. authorising certain Abbots and other Religious Persons to make their Attorneys.

ITEM come en le parliament tenuz a Weftm' le xvj. jour de Marce land regne le Roi Henri piere J P.

nostre seignurleroi qoreft tierce ordine eftoit un eftatut en la fourme qenfuit. * ITEM pur ceo™f ‘ qe plufours Abbes Priours & autres religioufes y soient dount afcuns fount del fundation nostre Steignpr difjuti'dt of' * le Roi r afcuns del fundation dautres Seignurs demurrantz fibien deins le counte deverwyk come en Jlbbyu C

* counte de Lancaftre dount afcuns ount possessions deins les wapentakes de Staynclif wapentak &

‘ Frendeles wapentak en Craven en le counte deverwik Sc afcuns nemy vers queux plufours gentz de ‘ jour en autre par procurement & abetement des bailiffs approvers des courtes des ditz wapentakes &

‘ des fenefehalx qi tiegnent plees es ditz courtz Sc des fermours des profitz Sc des revenuz des ditz courtz * feynent & procurent par eux & autres de lour covyne & assent diverse plees & pleintes de dette Sc tref ■

‘ & autres plees diverses es courtz des ditz wapentakes Sc lou mefmes les Abbes Sc Priours veig * nent es ditz courtz pur lour defendre de tielx torfioufes pleintes Sc plees Sc priont & proferont as fenef * chalx Sc baillifs des ditz courtz de fair lour attournees en tielx plees les ditz fenefcnall Sc baillifs les * refufent Sc northeast vuellent refeeiver tielx attournez des ditz Abbes & Priours de null plee de dette tref ‘ pas northeast autre plee. Et outre ceo mefme les seneschal & de lour aueftorite demesne amercient les ‘ ditz Abbes & priours pur chefcun pleinteal primer foitz pur chefcun des ditz pleintes X s. ou XX s. ou ‘ pluis a lourvolunte Sc trefgraunde damage & anientifment de les Abbes & Priours avauntditz & en i countre refon Sc la commune lay de la terre Si le Roy ad ordeine en remedy de les ditz grevaunces qe * toutz tielx Abbes & Priours & lour fucceflours Sc chefcun de eux enfi vexez es ditz courtz purront ‘ fair lour attornez ou attorne general ceftaitavoir chefcun de eux defouth la commune seal de fa meafon * pur gaigner Sc perdre en chefcun manner de plee de dette & trespass Sc en autre plee qeconqe moeve ou a 4 moever es ditz courtz & en toutz autres courtz deinz les wapentakes avauntditz. Et qe les fenefehalx * & baillifs des ditz courtes receivent les ditz attournez iflint faitz Sc nomez faunz afeun contradiction,

* Et ft mefmes les fenefehalx & baillifs refufent de refeeiver afeun ou afcuns tielx attournez ifiint faitz &

* nomez affairs ou a nomers qe adonqes les ditz fenefehalx A baillifs a chefcun foitz de tie! refuser de

* tielx attournez forfacent Sc encourgent la pain de X LI a Roi. Et qe les ditz Abbes & Priours ou

* lour fucceflours es ditz countees nen afeun de eux pur afeun nounfuite ou defaute northeast soient amerciez

* en null autre manner qe feculers perfones. Et qe ceste ordenaunce eftoife en fa force pur tout lan prof

* avenir & tanqe a le parliament mefme lan profeheinment enfuant.' Puis la termination de quell

eftatut pur ceo qil northeast fnift ordeigne a durer forfqe pur ccrtein temps ore determine Sc paste les mefehiefs

Sc grevaunces fuifditz remanent au present nient remediez & fabundent Sc encrefcent de jour en autre

pluis qe unqes northeast feurent. Et outre les ditz fenefehalx Sc baillifs northeast veullent ore refeeiver null autre plee

northeast refpounfe des ditz Abbes Sc priours en les ditz courtz forfqe tauntfoulment de gager lour lay al entent

qils deufient de neceflite apparoir devaunt eux en lour proper perfones a lour trefgraunde vexation Sc „ „

grevaunce. Pur quoy coniiderez les mefehiefs & grevaunces fuifditz pur la consolation & des

iitz Abbes Sc Priours Sc des autres religioufes defuifditz par advis & assent des Seignurs espirituelx &

temporelx fuifditz & auxi a la especial request des ditz Communes ordeignez eft qe dit eftatut salt le die

an tierce soit tenuz & obfervez come bone Sc effedhiell tanqe il plerra a nostre Seignur le Roi.

Statutes made at West mi niter, Anno 10 Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1432.

CAP. I.

Recognifances taken before the Mayor, cof. Calais shall be effectual in England.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

primerment come graunte soit a les mair Sc constablez del eftaple de Caleys par les chartres dcs no 9 bles progenitours du Roi nostre foverain Seignur Sc par luy confermes qils event poar de prendre sc recorder toutz les reconifaunces des dettes devaunt eux par qeconqs perfones tuitz et pur ceo qe graunde ambiguite fuift fi les reconifaunces devaunt. les ditz mair Sc constablez par dcla le mere faitz

temporelx Sc al cfpcciale requefte des ditz Communes ad oroine par au&urite de mefme le parle

K 2 me)tt

6b APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lorid.

me n t qe toutz Ies reconifaunces dez dcttes devaunt les ditz mair & coneftables de Caleys par dela le mere par qeconqes perfones faitz St affairs soient auxi eftecluelx St executories & dautiel force en toutz pointz deins le dit .Roialme St en mefrne la fourme executoriez come en les reconifaunces devaunt les ditz mairs St coneftablcz del eftaple de Wellin' ou devaunt afcuns autres mairs ou condlablez deftaple deins le dit Roialme faitz fount.

• CAP. V • K A

A Rehearsal of the Statute of 21 R. 2. C 18. touching the Maintenance of certain Place? ■ • • about Calais, - \ -

IT E M come par eflatuit salt lan xxj. le Roi Richard fcconde puis le conquell pur deux giraundes overaignes pluis necessaries de tout temps ellre fuilenuz & fupportez entour la ville de Caleys & les marches.illeoqes ceflaffavoir les bekcnes devaunt la port illeoqes St le lieu appelles Paradis qeft bien pres le folfes de mefrne la ville ordine fuift St eflable qe toutz _ manors des niefs du dit port accuftumes, de veriir hors dengleterre les bateux des peffoners foulement forfpifez portent ovefqe eux tout lour lastage, de bones peres covenablez pur la ftuffure de les bekenes fuifditz ent faifantz refonable deliverance de temps en temps a lour venu illeoqes au Treforer qi pur le temps y Terra ou as autres miniflres a ceo par luy ordinez fur la pain de deux deniers pur la poys de chefcun tonell et a tauntz qe les ditz niefs soient de portage et qe toutz maners des niefs au dit lieu de Paradys pur y reposer entrantz paieront a chefcun lour entree illeoqes iiij d. defterlings. Et fur ceo bien lour life fils voillent y demurer: par mi iiij jours ovefqe attauntz des; noetz adonqes profchein enfuantz faunz pluis ent paier pur lour dit entree. Et en cas q'ds demoergent pluis outre les iiij. jours St noetz fuifditz adonqes paient ils pur chefcun jour St noet i. d. et pur soul jour ob.' St pur le soul noet ob.' Et outre ceo qe null manner de pcrfone nc foi presume de null nies northeast bates per cable cord nautrement feriner & a les maerefme northeast les pores de les ditz bekenes northeast Paradys northeast le novell kave autrement appell Qwerf a la coll du dit port de Caleys fur la pain de XL d. a levers de la nies qi enfi ferra trove ferme. Et qe le dit Treforer qi pur le temps ferra ait plain poair par luy St fez deputees de lever St recevir les deniers de les peins fuifdites cncurruz & fourdantz & dont fair paiement folonc ceo qe le bofoigne luy ferra en fondit office par vieu & controllement controller nolire dit Seignur le Roi illeoqes. Le quell ellatuit entre autres chofez faitz en mefrne le parliament Euifl revokes & adnullez en le parliament tenuz a Weftm' lan du reigne le Roi Henry Aiel nolire Seignur le Roi qorell primer a trefgraunde damage & arrerifment des ditz overaignes St a trefgrevous & importables collages noilre dit Seignur le Roi fil northeast soit hallifment purveu de remedy. Et pur tant nofire dit Seignur le Roi del advis St alfent des ditz. Seignurs espirituelx & temporelx St auxi des ditz Communes ellantz en ceil parliament ad ordine St eflable qe le dit eflatuit salt le dit an xxj. soit de cy enavaunt ellatuit effedtucll St tenuz gardez & mys en due execution pur toutz jours folonc le tenor dicell.

CAP. VII

All Wool Is and Woollfells that shall be carried to any other Place than to Calais, final 1 be

forfeited to the King and the Finder:

IT E M come par ellatuit soit ordine qe toutz les lains pealx lanuz hides plumbe & eflain St diverses autres merchandises paffantz hors du Roialme dengleterre les terres dlrland St de Gales & Berwyk fur Twede deulfent repairer a lellaple de Caleys & a null place aillours de pardela le mere pur y eftre venduz defoubz la governaunce del mair St coneftables du dit eftaple fur certeins peines contenuz en le dit ellatuit les qeux pemes fount fy eafez & nient doutez qe plufours preignent en cuflume de carier & fount carier de jour en autre hors du Roialme & terres avauntditz par diverses mefnes & voies graunde fubllaunce des lains pealx lanuz hides St ellain St autres merchandises qe deulfent repaier au dite eftaple en Efcoce St en Flaundres Eloland Seland St Braban faunz cuflume ou autre charge ent paier. come eft paie pur les lains reparantz a Caleys St auxi pur les dites lains St merchandises enfi cariez as dites parties northeast revient afeunc moneye en cell Roialme northeast mefrne le Roialme eft afeunement encrefcez northeast le mynte a Caleys fuftenuz. Et enoultre mefrne les lains St merchandifez fount venduz en les dites parties a ft petit price & value qe ies merchauntz aliens fount ft graundement ftuffez dicelles qils northeast veignent mye a Caleys pur y achatcr 1 uns & pealx lanuz come ils feurent accitftumes de fair au graunde perde au Roy noilre Seignur St uni verfell damage de son Roialme St graunde anientifment del utteraunce des comoditees du dit Roialme reparantz St efteantz au dite ville de Caleys ficome mefine noilre Seignur le Roi ad conceu a la grevoule compleint a luy salt par les Marchantz St Communes du Roialme en cell present parliament. Noilre Seignur Je Roi considerant les grevoufez damages St perdes avauntditz St voillant pur taunt en purvoicr. de remedy del advis & assent des Seignurs & Communes avauntditz ad ordine qe la value de toutz tielx bienz enli trovez cariez ou a cariers a les ditz parties forfpris cetix lains & pealx lanuz qe par noilre dit Seignur le Roi fount ou ferrount licenciez ft afcuns y soient lb ent forfaitz des queux mefrne noilre Seignur le Roi avera lune moitee St la person qi qe soit qi ceo efpie trove & prove par 4a discretion del Treforer & Barons del Efcheqer lautre moitee et qe chefcuny ait poar par auclorite dc mefrne le parliament de fair autiel ferche en qeconqe lieu qe meitier ferra

Statutes

A IP PE N VD X X

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno n Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1433.

• '• V xar.l - •' : rt. ■

CAP. I.

They that dwell at the Stews in Southwark shall not be impanelled in Juries, nor keep any

Inn or Tavern but there.

Ex Rot. in Tiirr. Londen

le primes pur ceo qe nostre ditseignur le Roi a la grevous compleint a luy salt par fez ditz Com Ob. & munes en mefme le parliament ad conceu qe diverses perfones de graundfc1 po'verte sanz conscience •& ni ' tres dissolute governance ore & jatarde demurantz en le lieu fufpedtz appellez lez Stuwes en le burgh de Suthewerk en le. counte de surr'fibien'par recettement dez communes femmes larons homicidoures & avoutreys come par murdres & prive robberies fibien par eux mefmes come par autres illoqes lferbeigiez sanz pite loialte & bone conscience illoqes faitz ount fodenerhent devenuz as graundes richpes par lez queux ount' purchases graundes vivers dez terres & tenementz as .graundes anhuclx values & a cause de lour fufficiaunte' de franice tenementz enfi jrurcliafez ils ount eftez retoumez par lewfcoufttde dit counte & autres bailiffs'es enqueues fibien pur felony & trespass pa'rentre le Robot la parte '& parte & parte come en assises autres 'plees de terre devaunt le Juges de Roi eufez Courtes St devaunt'les senefcha'll & marei chall de tonne Hoftell parount diverfez dillieritaunces & injurioufez condempnations dez plufou'res diverfez lieges de Roi ount este euez & piufours murdours Scnotoirs larons ount eflcz savez & murdours & robberies conielez & nient punez et consent mefmes les perfones fufpeclz eux enhabiterit en communes hoftries & tavernes en le haut chemyn de dit burgh illoqes recettantz larons communes femmes & autres mesfaifours en femblabje manner come ils fefoient en le dit fufpefl lieu deftuwes. Noftre dit Seignur le Roi considerez lez premes' & qe tielx gentz sanz conscience fount enfamez & northeast poient de refone eftre en tenduz ablez de porter tefmoignaunce de verite la ou verite ferroit enquires! ad brdene & eftable qe fi af cune tiel person II rctournc par afeune tiel viscount baillife ou autre miniftte de'roi en le dit counte de Surr' ou par afeune ministre devaunt lez Senefchall & Marefchall del Hoftiell 'du Roi que fibien pur !e Roi come pur le parte a tout temps de ceo enavaunt il poet eftre chalange & la chalange en ceft parte alowez a cause avauntdit. Et auxi pur efehuer murdres robberies & avoutrees que purront verifemblable ment aveigner ordeigne eft qe null tiel qui enli ad deinurez a lez ditz eftuwes soient fuffrez de tenere af cune commune holtrie northeast taverne en afeune autre lieu deinz Le dit burgh de Suthwerk mais foulemeiit as ditz eftuwes Et qe lez justices du pees en mefme le counte event poiair denquerer de tous ceux qui tieg nent hoftries tavernes & de eux punjr par fyn & raunceon & par enprisonement.de lour corps folonqe'ia discretion dez ditz justices.

CAP. VII

The Statute of 9 H. 6. C 7. which reftraineth the Sheriff of the County of Hereford to take Money by Extortion, C revived for Three Years.

ITEM come en le parliament tenuz a Weftm' le Vendredie prochein devaunt le fest de feint Hjllar lari r. xps du reigne le Roi quoreft noefime pur lez graundes mefehefs et emportablez oppressions faitz as fez leges de counte de Hereford par encrochementz & extortions faitz par lez vifeountz del dit countee pur le tempz efteantz nadgairs commencez & torcioufment continuz a cause qe lez ditz vifeountz en loures turnes et lieus apres loures turnes tenuz & finiz en lez quex autres lieus ils nount poair northeast audiorite'par Jour office de prendre afeune enquerre ou enqueft pregnerrent diverses enqueftes doffice & enditementz dez labourers artificers & autres diverfez choses ordenez par eftatuit deftre enquiz devaunt.lez justices & missioner de la pees & qui en null manner atteignent northeast appertiegnent deftre enquiz par ceux vifeountes ■ en lour turnes nautrement northeast en autre lieu 'devaunt eux.' Et lez quex vifeountes par force de tielx en querris enqueftis doffice & enditementz nient duement northeast loialment priz devaunt lez ditz vifeountz en lour turnes & aillours & pur le noun venue dez ditz lieges as ditz: turnes lez ditz vifeountz pregnent torcenoufement a lour proper opfe dez diverfez mefmes lez lieges fynes & amerciamentz dez X LI & autres graundes sums en graunde oppression anientifment & destruction dez plufours poverez gentz de diverfez liegez ft remedy northeast ferroit haftement purvcu en ceste parte. Par eonfideration dez queux ordene fuift par audiorite de dit parliament qe null viscount northeast fubvifeount de) dit countee del dit Vendredy en. avaunt par colour de son office preignerent afeune enquerre enqueft doffice ou afeune enditement en son turn qe northeast doit par la; lay deftre priz en son turn northeast quil par colour de fondit office pregne fafcune en "• enqueft: doffice ou enditement en aicunc autre lieu apres son' turn tenuz & finee northeast qil pregne dez afeune dez ditz lieges de Roi afeuns fines ou amerciamentz. pur afcunc chose ou cause que northeast appertient" a son tourne ou office northeast afeun tie] heynohs & grevous amerciamentz dafeune dez.ditz lieges encountie: refone pur noun venire a dir tourne ou a autre lieu ou pur autre cause par colour de son office fur la pain de XL LI par ]ui appaiers au poi fez heires & fuccelloures a taunt dez foitz qe tie! viscount ou foubvif count entoil afeune article diceil (oit duement convidl al luite de Roi ou de parte greve que sue fibien pur le Roi come pur luy mefme et qe la parte que sue en tie! cause eit Ja moite del dit fomrne enfemblement ovefqe fez damages au double a son proper oeps et qe la parte en ceft cas greve eit poiar de mefme lauc torite de fuer en cell party envers tielx viscount & foubvifeounte fibien pur le Roi come pur luy mefme come devaunt eft dit. Et qe lez justices du la pees de mefme le counte pur le temps efteantz event poiair denquerer oier & terminer tielx mefpreffions & offences fibien al fuite de Roi come de parte qui voet fuer purse Roi & pur lui mefme. Et dureroit ceste ordenance pur trois ans lors profehein eniuantz. Le Roi

eoniiderant

/

o

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond, - • „ -•/

■ > .i ■

considerant la dit ordenaunce desire profitable pur luy & son poeple del dit counte ad ordene par audloritg de cell parliament qe la dit ordenance eftoife en fa force & effect & pur trois anz profehein enfuantz.

CAP. XII

..«• L i *!! Afi i I u1 1

What Wax chandlers fhalltake for theif Work of Wax.

' .1

REP. ITEM nofire Seignur le Roi ad entendu par la compleinl dez fez ditz communes qe lez wax chaunde jl lers ea diverfez parts d Engle ter re vendent chaundels ymages figures & autres overaignes de. cere faitz pur oblations folonc laflferant dune LI de cere a deux f. & pluis lou une livere de cere ire vault, oultre vj. d. ifilnt qils gaignent en chefcune livere de cere enfi overee xviij. d. & pluis par ount plufours gentz fount, defraudez de lour bon entent & devotion fuppofantz tiels cliaundelx ymagez figures i autres overeignes eftre de relbnable value folonc qils paiount pur icelle lou ils fount de null ou de petit value Et pur tant le Roi nostre Seignur voillant au tielx difeeites ordener remedy covenable ad ordene& eftable qe nul person vende ou rnette a vendre afeuns tiels chaundelx ymages figures ou autres overaignes de eere a pluis haut price forfque foulement folonc laflferant del price de iij. d. pluis en lc pois dune LI outre ceo qe le commune price dune LI de cere pleine eft entre merchant & merchant al temps de tiel vende ou tiel met rre a vende fur pain de forfaiture de tielx chaundelx ymages figures & autres overaignes de cere enfy myz a vendre & del value diceux qui ferrount venduz encountre la fourme diceft eftatuit & de fair fyn a Roi fils, soient ent duement atteintez ou soit trove par examination ou due ferche par pois ou en autre ma nere qiis ount venduz ou myz a vende afeunes tielx chaundelx ymages figures ou overaignes de cere en jutll cs of the ccuntre la fourme diceft eftatuit. Et qe lez justices de peas en chefcun counte ou ils font justices aient V eacc, Mayors, pair denquerer oier & terminer tous choses faitz encountre cell eftatuit. Et qe fibien chefcune justice de mineandpi?." Peas en counte ou il eft justice come mairs bailifs' deins citces & burghs fenefehalx des Seignurs deins airh offenders, les franchies les Seignurs aienf poiair & audlorite dexaminere & fcrclier fibien par pois de tiels chaundelx ymages figures & autres overaignes de cere come en autre manner par lour discretion tous ceux qui riens rerront en temps avenir encountre ceft eftatuit & de punir ceux qui par tiel examination ou ferche ferrount Rep. ?.i Jac. i. coupabjez trovez en la fourme fuifdit. Purveu qe ceft eftatuit northeast fe extende as heroes affairs pur lez c-2'8, noblez trefpafiantz.

. ' C ap. xm.

A Confirmation for three Years of the Stat. of 8 Hen. 6. C 18. That Wool, V brought

to Calais fiiall be sold for ready Money.

EXP. T T E M nostre Seignur le Roy pur le bien de luy & de son Roialme de lavys & assent dez ditz Seig

JL nurs & al efpeciale request dez fez ditz Communes ad ordene qe le bone ordenance' & eftatuit salt lan viij. de son reigne ceftaflavoir qe lez laines pealx lanuz & eftain repairantz & veignantz a leftaple de Gales soient venduz pur preste moneye a eftre paiez en main et qe le bullion soit port en son mynte illoqes ces laflavoir qe chefcune farplere de lane venduz pur xij. marez le fakke & outre vj. LI de bullion & de chefcune farplere de lane venduz debas xij. marez V LI de bullion. Et qe loial & due partition soit salt accordant al ordenance illoqes a present endure del fell del Annunciation de notre Dame profehein avenir tanqe al fyn dc trois ans profehein enfuantz. Savant toutz foitz au Roi poiar & audlorite de modifier mefme leftatuit quant luy plerra par advis de son counfeill folonque ceo qe rneulx luy femblera pur le profet de luy & de son Roialme.

CAP. XIV

It shall be Felony to ship or carry any Merchandises of the Staple in Creeks, during three

Years.

3 X p. ITEM come lez cuflumes & fubfidees grauntez amollre trefioverain Seignur le Roi fount aloignez &

J. foubftraclz fibien a cause de non due ferche salt en lez portes & crikes deins le Roialme dengleterre come par autres fubtils ymaginations h diverses perfones cariantz merchandises del eftaple de Gales coun tre la fourtne dl ellatuitz ent purveuz & ordenez. Noftre Seignur le Roy par advis & audlorite fuifdit ad ordene & dtable qe null fur pain de felony emporte carle nelkippe northeast face emporter carier nelkipper afeunes tielx merchandises del eilaple en afeuns crikes dedeins son Roialme dengleterre countre lordi rnnee fuifdite. Et durra ceft eftatuit tanqe al fyn de trois ans profehein & nemye outre.

Statutes

A P Pt E • N D I X

7*

■statutes made at Westminster, Anno 14 Hen, VI andhnv.o Dom. 1435.

1 »»

! ...; *

'■■ 1!, • ■ V - ' CAP, II

» '!... » j >•

Woolls and Sells shall not be exported but to Calais. Special Exceptions in Favour of the King, and his Council, and the Merchants of Venice., Jean, C

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

ITEM pur cco qe la graunde quantite & substance des lains crefcuz en Engleterre par le trois ans Ob.

passes eft eskippes & en graunde jupardee & doubte venuz a la ville de Caleys pur ye eftre venduz Hi (>' r "J' pur pressed moneye dount y coviendra lez marchantz vendours receiver fur cheicun farpler une certein de bullion pur eftre amefhes a la mente le Roy a Caleys les queux pressed moneye Sc bullion apres qil soit forgee & coigne & receu par les ditz marchantz vendours doit duement Sc egalment eftre diftributz & departies a chefcuny felonc soil affirant pur eftre envoiez en ceft Roialme pur lencrece & univerfell bien dicell par virtue des certeins eftatutz faitz in le parliament tenuz a Weftm' lan oeptifme nostre dit seig nur le Roi Sc renovellez en le parliament tenuz land son regne unfzifme les queux eftatutz fount ftreite ment obfervez & gardez Sc coment par tielx pepfones qt par noun due mefnes eskippent lains en crikes Sc autres fufpecioufes places & auxi en diverse portes du Roialme & les carient as autres lieux qe a Caleys & outre coment par tielx perfones qi en derogation del bien univerfell du Roialme en destruction de la bone ordinance de partition & abeiflement de la price des lains purchacent licences pur lour .finguler availle pur eskipper lains a caleys pur y eftre venduz devaunt toutz autres lains illeoqes efteantz & northeast fount mye tenuz de garder la prise northeast de receiver null bullion northeast de fair partition northeast tii ftribution de lour moneye en manner come toutz les marchantz dengleterre illeoqes repairantz fount ftreitement liez de fair par les eftatutz defuifditz les ditz marchantz par les mefnes & licences auaunt ditz fount en point deftre deftruites la dite eftaple eftre difle veres & ideftruitez, & par consequence la dite ville de Caleys qe par la dite eftaple ad tanqe en cea eftre graundement maintenuz & enforcez eft semblable deftre defuitz Sc deperduz & le dit 'Roialme en commune deftre.graundement anientifez & lefuz ftcome mefme nostre Seignur le Roi ad conceu par la grevous compleint a luy salt en mefme ceft parliament par les Communes dicell.' Et voillant pur ceonoftre dit Seignur le Roi en ceo cas purvoir de re medie par advis des ditz Seignurs espirituelx & temporelx & a la supplication des ditz Communes ad or dine en mefme le parliament qe null tiel licence qe fount cy prejudicielx & contrarious a la commune Sc univerfell bien de fa Roialme & de fes ditz marchantz destruction du dite ville & del dite ordinance de partition & de la' prise des lains soit en afeun manner grauntes & qe chcfcun homme qi eskippe ou face eskipper afeuns lains ou pealx lanuz pur icelles carier outre le mere en afeune manner repaire ovefqe icelles a Caleys & illoeqes discharge & vende les ditz lains & pealx lanuz folonc le tenor des ditz eftatutz & folonc les bones reule & ordinances du dit eftaple en maintenance & sustentation dice]] relevement Sc. encrece du dite ville de^caleys & pur le bien public de ceft son Roialme dengleterre. Savant toutz foitz au Roi poiar & auftorite de modifier meftne leftatut qaunt luy plerra par advis de son confeill folonc ceo qe meulx luy femblera pur le profit de luy & de son Roialme. Savant auxi a les marchantz ds Jeane Venice Tuskayne Lumbardie Florence & Cateloyne & a les burgeys de Berwyk fur Twede les libertees a eux grauntz par eftatitt pardevant Sc a toutz autres liges du Roy la benefice des licences a cux grauntez depar le Roi del advis de son counfeijl, L ' :. T *

CAP. V

Merchandises of the Staple shipped in Creeks shall be forfeited.

•\» ■

ITEM monstre fuift a nostre dit Seignur le Roi par les ccmmur.es de mefme le parliament qe com 03'.

bcin qe par Cause de non due ferche salt deins les portez Sc crikes deiris le Roialme fur diverses perfones qi par fubtiles ymagination & mefnes eskippent lains Sc pealx lanuz Sc diverses autres marchnndifes qe deveroient repairer a leftaple de Caleys & les carient & amefnent en diverses autres parties doutre le mere fannz cuftume paier encountre le tenor des eftatutz ent faitz CC ordines par les queux mefnes les cuftumes & subsidies grauntz a Roi fount graundement am'enufes & futtretz ordine fuift par le Roi & les Seignurs espirituelx &: temporelx Sc les Communes en le parliament tenuz a Weftm' lain unfzifme nostre Seignur le Roi qoreft qe null fur pain de felony carieroit northeast eskipperoit null tiel merchandise de leftaple en afeuns crikes deins le dit Roialme encountre lordinance avauntdite nientlemclns diverses' perio'nes nei antz afeun paoure du dit efiatuit cufiumablemen't eskippent fibidh en les portz come en Ics crikes fuifditz par nieht duez mefnes notable substance des lains pealx'lanuz & dautres merchandises' dc leftaple & les. carient en Flaundres Holand Zeland Braband & Normamfye faun'z afeun cuftume paiez pur icell et en outre diverses perfones eskippent cuflumablement lains & pealx lanuz en diverse portz du Roialme les queux fount cokettes Sc cuftumes pur aler a Caleys & northeast vtignent my illeoqes mes icelles sains Sc pealx lanuz carient en les autres parties defuifditz au contrnrie de leftatut ent ordinez par les queux mefnes nient.verraics le Roi eft graundement endamage & dtfraude de fes cuftumes & subsidies le elite eftaple deins brief temps ‘en point deftre toutoutrement deftrui'tz la Ville de Caleys ^ftpoverez Sc anientifez Sc

74 A P P E' N D r, [ X

Ex Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

r * t T t., s r

lc Roialme nient encrefcez. Noftre Seignur le Roi confidcrant les prenufies ad ordine par audlorite fuifdite qe tout lez Jains pealx lanuz & toutz autres merchandises qe par eftatuit deuflcnt repairer au dit cilaple trovez en afcuns crikes eskippes au contrary du dite ordinaunce soient forfaitz et enoutre qe chef cun person qiqe soient qi a afcun temps eskippe ou face eskipper afcun manor des lains pealx lanuz ou afcun autre mercliandife pur aler a leftaple fuifdite & northeast veignent mye illeoqes forfacent a taunt des biens come les lains pealx lanutz & autres merchandises enfi par eux cskippez & c.ariez as autres lieux qe a Caleys fe amountent par extent folonc lour verrai value.' Exceptz les mefcliandifes qe fount pur eftre exceptes pur puller par licence du Roi as autres lieux refervez toutz foitz au Roi la entier moitee de toutz tielx for laitures qe fount cokettes Sc cuftumes pur aler a Caleys Sc northeast veignent my illeoqes come defuis eft dit Sc a ceux qi trovent Sc feifent les ditz merchandises lautre moitee sanz afcun diminution ou impediment. Jit LI afcun person mette afcuns lains pealx lanutz ou afcune _ autre merchandise de leftaple en afcun lieu fufpecioufe adjoignant a les coftes del eawe en qiqe lieu qe il soit & endentufe enrfait parentre luy Sc le niair bail lists ou coneftable de la ville en la quell tielx lains pealx lanutz. Sc autres merchandises de leftaple soient enfy mys qe adonqes mefmes les lains pealx lanutz & merchandises soient forfaitz et qe le Roi ait lune moitee de toutz tielx forfaitures Sc le Seignur, de.la ville ou tielx merchandises soient iilint mys Sc celuy qi les trovera & feifera lautre moitee parentre eux egalment departiz. Et qe chefcun home iih. 6. C 14. air poair par audforite fuifdite de .fair. ferche en chefcun lieu fur tielx biens de leftaple enfy caries ou eskippes ou mys pur eftre eskippes come devaunt eft dit faunz empediment ou deftourbance dafcune person • • ' • u.. •

. • -. C a p. VIII • :, ■ ■ ' :.

No Merchant shall ship any Merchandises of the Staple, but at Wharves assigned, C

/.tercli, indites laid in secret Places by the ty.lter nde to be transported, shall be loileit edo

B

% H. 6. C 17., 4 H. 6. C 5. 4 Ed. 4. C 2.

ITEM nostre Seignur le Roy pur remoever Sc efchuer les greindres dilloialtees & damages qucuxjour ntment fount a luy faitz'en retrahaunt les cuftutnes Sc subsidies & leftaple de Caleys en impediment du vcnde des lains Sc pealx lanutz par tielx qi eskippent lains & pealx en diverfcs privee portes crikes Sc autres lieux fufpedlz deinz 'icefte Roialme icellez embleantz amefnantz cariantz nient cuftumes as diverfcs parties dela & neffiy 'a Caleys ad ordeinee par audtofhe fuifdit qe de Cy jour enavaunt null manner per' lone eskippe northeast face eskipper lains peaulx'lanutz naurres'merchandifes perteiriantz a leftaple en null lieu deinz icefte Roialme forfqe foulement a les keys Sc ftathes cfteantz en' les'ports aftignes par ftatuit ou les poi es du Roi Sc son beem fount affiz. Et qe chefcun maiftre des niefs & veflealx es.queux tiel lains pealx lanutz & merchandises fount mvs trovent fufficeant feurte a les cuftumers de les portz'ou ils eskippent pur carier lez ditz lains. pealx lanutz' Sc merchandises a leftaple du Caleys Sc a porter certification dil loeqes qi 1 ad ifiint salt. Salvant toutz foitz a les merchauntz de Jeane Venice Tuskayne Lumbardie Florence Sc Cateloyne Sc ales burgeys de Berwyk les libertees a eux grauntez par eftatuit pardevaunt.

• - ' ■

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 18 Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1439.

'- CAP. IV

No Merchant Alien shall sell any Merchandises in England to. another Merchant Alien. Mayors, idc. of Cities and Towns to execute this Act.

Ex Rot. in Enrr. Lond..

ITEM come graundes damages Sc perdes de jour en autre aveignont au Roy Sc a son people ‘aunt J. paimy les vendes & achates qe Its merchauntz aliens Sc eftraungiers facent a lour propie voluute & LI btrte faunz afcun notice governance Sc furvieu dafeun de 1'oialx lieges du Roy come par tie's vendes & achates quels ils facent ensemble de toutz maners marchandises chelcun de' eux ovefqe autre et auxi par les covyns Sc compaflementz qils facent dempeirer Sc abaticr le price Sc value de routz maners mer chaundiles diceft noble Roialme & encrecer Sc enchauncer le price dc toutz lours proper merchandiies pa rount mefmes les merchauntz aliens graundement fount eririchez & les fubgitzdu Roy marchauntz deinz feins diccll Roialme grevoufment empoverez & graunde trefour par mefines les aliens amefne hors de yeeft Roia'me les cuftumes Sc subsidies a Roy pur eux deus par les causes fuifditz graundement fuftreitz Sc la uavye du dit Roialme graundement amenufez &.anientifez et cone par diverse eftatuitz devaunt cez htures faitz soit erdeignez qe cti chefcun citee ville Sc port .du mere dengleterre ou les merchauntz al ens Sc eftiaungiers fount ou ferront repairantz soient assignez a mefmes les merchauntz fufficeantz hosts par les rnair VI countz ou baillifs des ditz citees villes & portes du mere et qe Ics ditz merchauntz aliens & eftraungiers northeast soient demurauntz en autre lieu sinon ovefqe les ditz hosts enfy assigniers les queux eftatuitz northeast fount assez covenablez & fufficeantz remedies encountre les dammages Sc inconvenientz fuifditz. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy voillant encontre mefmes les dammages Sc inconvenientz purvoir de remedy en ceft parte ad ordeigne par lauiforite deftiifdit qe defore enavaunt null merchaunt alien ou estrange vende null manner merchandise a autre merchaunt alien ou eftraiingicr fur peyne de forfaiiurc de mefmes les

merchandises

73

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond.

merchandises et qe toutz merchauntz aliens & eftraungiers defore enavaunt venantz ou demurauntz a xnarchandier deinz afcun citee ville ou burgh ou port en Engleterre soient foubz furveu de certeins gentz appelliers hosts ou furveiours a eux par les mairs viscountz ou ballifs de mefmes les citees villes ou burghs ou portez par la manner enfuant afligniers. Et qe chefcun tiel merchaunt alien veignant all afcun des ditz citees villes burghs ou portez a marchandier dedeins trois jours procheins apres fondit venue foi offre en person devaunt le mair viscount ou baillif de mefme la citee ville burgh ou port au qi il vlent pur avoir host a luy assigne. Et qe les mairs viscountz ou baillifs de chefcun des ditz citees villes burghs ou portez dedeins quatre jours procheins apres qils event notice del venue ou efteaunce dafcuns tielx merchauntez aflignent a mefmes les merchauntz aliens fufficeantz hosts qi soient bons & crediblez persons natifs Engloys expertz en le salt de merchandise & excerceauntz tielx merchandises quels les merchauntz aliens defoubz lour furvieu efteauntz pur le temps ufent et qe mefme les hosts furvei ent & soient privez as toutz les merchandises qe les ditz merchauntz difchargerount a afcun port ou lieu de ceft Roialme ou portent ou ferront portier hors dicell & as toutz les venduz achates Sc contraries des merchandises qils ferront deins les ditz portz & lieux. Et qe chefcun tiel merchaunt qi amefne ou face amefner defore enavaunt afcuns merchandises Sc les difchargera deinz afcun port ou lieu de dit Roialme les mette a vendre par furvieu des ditz hosts Sc face plain emploiement de toutz mefmes les merchandises forfpris toutz maners draps door dargent Sc de foi dedeins oept moys procheins. apres la. venue dicelles merchaundifes a afcun port falutz ou lieu de discharge de dit Roialme lour refonable expenses & dedudz ceftaflavoir mefmes les merchandises vendent pur autres merchandises de dit Roialme ou les vendent pur money & ove mefme le moneye achatent deins le temps fuifdit autres merchaundifes crefceantz Sc faitz deins mefme le Roialme fur peyne de forfaire tout le dit moneye deins le dit term nient emploiez et qebien life as ditz merchauntz aliens & eftraungiers apres le ditz oept moys de tranfportier hors le dit Roialme toutz les ditz merchaundifes deins mefme le term come dit eft nient venduz faunz afcuns cuftumes ou subsidies ent appaiers. Et ft les ditz merchauntz aliens apres les ditz oept moys vendent afcuns des ditz merchaundifes deins iceft Roialme qe adonqes soient forfaitz. Et ferra chefcun des ditz hosts register Sc efcrier en un livre de temps en temps toutz les ditz merchaundifes qe les ditz merchauntz aliens averount Sc refceiverount et toutz les vendes achates contradz Sc emploiementz qils ferront par son fcien & furvieu & le transcript ent portera ou ferra porter devaunt les Treforer & Barons del Efcheqer du Roy deux foitz par an ceftaftavoir al comencement des terms de Pafqe Sc feint Michell et northeast soient mefmes les hosts lour executours heires ou terretenauntz par colour de tiel transcript northeast afcun autre chose concernant le dit occupation de host artez dacomptier deins le dit efcheqer northeast autrement charge. Et prendra le dit host pur son labour en ceo cas de chefcun tiel merchaunt eftraunger ij. d. pur chefcun xxs. en value de toutz maners merchaundifes iffint par les ditz merchauntz aliens venduz ou achatez. Et ferra chefcun tie! host en fa primer admiftion al dit occupation jurrez devaunt les mairs viscountz Sc baillifs par queux il ferra assigne a icell occupation del bien Sc loialment user & exercier mefme loccupation. Et fi! soit trove difloial ou defcdif a contrary qil soit oufte del dit occupation par les ditz mairs viscountz Sc baillifs fi fovent come semble a eux boifignable & autre par eux mys en son lieu & outre ceo puniz folonc son demerite par discretions des mefmes les mairs viscountz & bailliffs. Et fi afcun merchaunt alien Sc eftraunger northeast luy offre de prendre tiel host ou apres qe luy soit assigne host come dit eft refuse deftre south furvieu Sc governance de tiel host en le manner •fuifdit soit pris & areftuz par les ditz mairs viscountz ou baillifs Sc mys en prison la pur demurer faunz eftre leste au bailie ou mainprife jefqe il eit trove fufficeant fcurte deftre south la governance de tiel host Sc luy fair prive as toutz les vendes achates & contradz de fez merchandises come deftiis eft dit. Et face mefme le merchaunt alien en ceo casfyn & raunfon a la volume le Roy. Et fi afcun tiel merchaunt alien, face afcun achate ou vende ou contrade de merchandise faunz la furvieu de fondit host ou taire le ciit host prive as toutz les ditz merchaundifes vendes achates ou contrades come devaunt eft dit forfera la value de mefmes les biens achates ou venduz ou la somme ou la value de ceo dount la contract eft salt. Et fi afcun tiel mair viscount ou baillif voluntierment less afcun tiel merchaunt eftre faunz host en la ■•fourme fuifdit aler a large faunz luy arefter Sc mettre en prison & en la fourme fuifdit forfera mefme lp mair viscount ou baillif a Roy XX LI pur chefcun merchaunt alien iffint fuffre voluntierment daler a large nient areftuz & pur chefcun tiel merchaunt alien Sc eftraungier a qi tiel host en la fourme fuifdit ndft assigne. Et fi afcun home qeft par tiel mair viscount ou baillif assigne pur eftre host a afcun tiel marchaunt alien Sc eftraunge refuse deftre tiel host paiera a Roy chefcun foitz qil iffint refuse deftre holt X LI Et chefcun merchaunt alien Sc eftraunger qe non employ le dit moneye deinz le ditz oept moys come eft dit ou qe vende fez ditz merchaundifes en Engleterre apres mefmes les oept moys & ent devaunt afcun des Jugges du Roy soit duement convict par son examination ou autrement a fuite du Roy ou al fuite dafeun de fes lieges qi voet fuer pur le Roy Sc pur luy mefmes en iceux deux cases avauntditz donqe eneourge mefme le merchaunt alien & eftraunge la peyne & forfaiture fuifditz Sc eit celuy qi ferra le dit fuite la quart party des ditz forfaitures Sc le Roy les trois autres parties. Et qe ceft ad Sc ordenaune'e ■comence a tener lieu al fest de Pafqe prochein avenir Sc dureta tanqe al fyn de sept ans alors prochein en luantz. Et qe parentre cy Sc le dit fest de Pafqe certeins commissions delbuth le graunde seal du Roy re iiearlauntz tout mefme le ad & ordenaunce soient faitz Sc fcvcralment diredz as mairs viscountz ou baillifs de chefcun citee ville burgh & port du dit Roialme ou tielx merchauntz aliens Sc eftraungiers iount ou ferrount demurantz ou repairantz chargeantz eftroitement mefmes les mairs viscountz Sc baillifs qi fount ou qi pur le temps ferrount de publier & mettre tout la dit ad Sc ordenaunce en du execution. Purview toutz foitz qe les merchauntz del Hanse dalmaigne Sc toutz autres merchauntz defouth 1c cbeifautne du Roy nc soient eomprifez deinz ceft ad Sc ordenaunce iffint tout temps qe par ceft provision Sc ordi append. L nance

74

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in ‘turr. Lond.

nance null prejudice soit done ou salt a afcun aliance ou true salt par le Roy ou afcuu de fez nobles progenitours devaunt ceft temps.

CAP. XV

It sham be Felony to carry Wool or Woollfels to any other Place than to Calais, having

such which pass the Straights of Marrock.

F. X p. ITEM le Roy entendant content diverfez persons per diverses fotiels imaginations de difceit carient 3 Inst. 95. amefnent & emportent lains & pealx lanuz hors de ceft Roialme as aultres lieux qe al eftaple de Caley3

en difceyvant le Roy de fez cuftumes & subsidies & destruction del dit eftaple de Caleys ad ordeigne par laudtorite defuifdit qe null person de quel condition qil soit northeast carie ou face carier afcuns lainz ou pealx lanuz cuftumables hors de ceft Roialme as autres lieux qe al eftaple de Caleys faunz especial licence du Roy fur peyne de felony et ft afcun person defore enavaunt face a contrary de ceft ordi naunce & ent soit convidte ou atteint qil soit ajuge pur felon et qe fibien commissioners aflignez come les justices en chefcun countee ou tiels lains pealx lanuz soient iflint hors cariez event power & auctorite par mefme lordenaunce denquerrer de les premises & oier & terminer. Purveu toutz foiet qe les laines qe passent les ftreites de Marrock northeast soient acunement comprifez deinz ceft ordenaunce.

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 20 Hen. VI and Anno Dora. 1441.

CAP. III

It Hull be High Treason for Weljhmen to take and carry away engujhmen, or their Goods

into Wales, or there to withhold them.

Confirmed for T V E M pur ceo qe a la grevoufe compleint salt au Roy par les communes du les countes de Hereford three Years by A Glouc' & Salop' les queux countees fount adjoignantz as marches de Gales & les, countees de so-17 H. 6. C 4. mers' Ceftr' & Briftowe monstre eft a mefme nostre Seignur le Roy qe come autre foitz en temps le noble Roy Henry Aiel nostre Seignur le Roy qoreft lan seconde de son regne pur les graundes opprellions h extortions qe ceux de Gales & des marches fierount de jour en autre as gentz demurauntz en les ditz countees de Hereford Glouc' Salop' en pris amefner & emporter de lour chivalx beftis & autres lours biens & chateux hors de mefmes les countees en les ditz marches & tiels biens chivalx & chateux illeoqes reteignauntz tanqe gree a eux soit salt a lour voluntee ordeigne fuift & eftablie qe ft afcuns chivalx beftes biens ou chateux soient prifez deins mefmes les countees & chases ou amefnez hors des ditz countees en Galeys ou en les marches du Galys qe adonqs les viscounts du mefmes les countees ou mairs & bailliffs des citees & burghs ou bailliffs des fraunchiles lou tielx prifez fount faitz maundent lour letters defoubz lour fealx as governors ou as fenefchalles des Seignours ou tielx mauxfai fours fount refeantz qils delive rent tielx diftrcffes enn prifez deins viij. jours apres le receite des ditz letters et fils northeast facent qe les parties enfy grevez preignent qeconqe person biens ou chateux veignauntz hors des ditz feignuries ou tielx maux faifours fount releauntz & eux reteigner tanqe qils fount restores a lour biens enfy prises ovefqe lours damages collages & expenfis le quel eftatuit nelt mye remedy fufficiant a cause qe les ditz mauxfaifours fount veignauntz afcun foitz en un Seignourie & afcun foitz en autre & ount null lieu a demurer en certeine & auxi preignent a pluis graunde noumbre des gentz de ditz countes vergnauntz en Galys & en les marches de Galys & hors des ditz countees & eux reteignent tanqe gree a eux soit salt a lour volunte & auxi fovent foitz les parties grevez northeast aufent fair execution del dit eftatuit pur doubt du mort & pluifours autres mefchiefs & inconvenients qe de ceo enfuer' iflint qe les ditz mauxfaifours fount pluis beaudes de prendre chacer amefner & emporter les gentz des didtz contees lour chivalx beftes biens & chateux hors des ditz countes en Galys & en les marches du Galys qil fuerount devaunt le dit eftatuit a perpetuel destruction & des ditz communes sinon qe hasty remedy ent soit salt. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy voillant encountre tielx mischiefs & purvoier de remedy en ceft party ad ordeigne par laucloritc defuifditz qe fi afcuns gentz des ditz countees lour biens ou chateux soient a tort prifez en les ditz countees par afcun Galois & hors des ditz countes en Gales ou en les ditz marches de Gales enchafez amefnez emportez ou reteignez soient tielx prifez ou pris & reteigneuers lours abbettours & recet tours en Galys eiantz conifauntz de tielx meffaitz fuifditz adjugge graunde treason & de ceo soit salt de luy come de traitour a nostre Seignur le Roy Si qe les justices du peas en lour leflions en les ditz countes event poier denquerer oier & terminer des toutz tielx meffaifours lour abbettours & recettours & de fair proceffe envers tielx enditees par deux Capias & exigent chefcun capias contenaunt lefpace de deux moys a moyns parentre le date de chefcun capias Si le jour de retourne de ycell Sc qe mention soit salt en les ditz briefs de Capias qe les vifeountz des ditz countees pur le temps efteauntz facent proclamer en lour countees qe tielx enditez comparount devaunt les ditz justices en lour sessions a refpounder de les matiers contcnuz en les ditz enditementis. Purvoy toutz foitz qe les Seignories marchers de queux tielx mesfaifours lour abbettours & recettours tevnaunt terres Si tenementz event le forfet de ceux & les sei gnoures marcheours ks forfetours de lours biens & chateux deins lours Seignuries troves apres ceo qils loient at.eintz de malefaitz fuifditz. Et qe ceft ordinaunce foi endure tanqe al syne de fiz ans.

APPENDIX,

75

CAP. XII

A Reformation of the Partition of Money ariflng by the Sale of Woolls and Woollfels by the Mayor and Constable of Calais ordered for seven Years.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ITEM come par lordinance de partition salt fur laines & peak lanutz en Ieftaple a Caleys Sc par le long EXT.

[French removed.]

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 23 Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1444.

CAP. IV

Welshmen indicted of Treason or Felony, that do repair into Herefordshire, flrall be apprehended and imprisoned, or else pursued by Hue and Cry, and a Forfeiture of those which do not pursue them.

[French removed.]

L 2 et

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond.

[French removed.]

CAP. XVII

No new Impositions shall be laid upon them which buy Wines in Gafcoyn or Guyen, by any of the king's Officers in those Parts, upon Pain of Forfeiture of Twenty. Pounds, and treble Damages.

[French removed.]


Statutes made at St. Edmundfbury, Anno 25 Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1447.

All Statutes made against Weljbmen confirmed. All Grants of Markets and Fairs to any Weljbman shall be void. The king's Villains in North Wales shall be constrained to such Labour as they have done before.

Ex Rot. hi Turr. Lond. m. 7.

[French removed.]

APPENDIX.

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 27 Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1448.

CAP. II

No Licence shall be available to carry Woolls, Sells, or Tin, to any Place out the Realm, but to Calais.

Ex Rot. in Turn. Lond.

[French removed.]

CAP. IV

A Rehearsal and Confirmation for Three Years of the Statute of 20 Hen. 6. cap. 3. provided against Weljhmen that take any Englishmen, their Goods and Chatties, and carry them into Wales.

[French removed.]

CAP. VI.

The king's Pardon granted to all Priests, as well. Secular as Religious, of several Of..! '• fences. Forfeitures, CI

[Latin removed.]

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 28 Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1449.

CAP. IV

felony.for any Welsh or Lancashire Man to take other Men, their Goods or Chatties, under Colour of Distress, where they have no Cause.

[French removed.]

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno Hen. VI and Anno Dom. 1450.

CAP. I.

John Cade attainted of Treason, and his Lands, Tenements,

his Blood corrupt. -

C given to the King, and

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond. m. 6.

[French removed.]

Statute's inade at Reaiding, Anno 31 Hen. VI aid Anno Dom. 1452.

CAP. I.

John Cade shall be adjudged a Traitor, and all Indidlments and Acts done by his Authority shall be void.

Ex Rot. in tturr. Lond. m. 5.

f Rj > N primes qe come le plus abhominable tyranne horrible odious h erraunt faulx traitour Johan

B "4 Cade appellant & nommant foi mefme afeune foitz Mortymer aucune foitz Capteyn du Kent 1c JL — af quel .noun same ades & feetes fount a removeier hors la langage & memory de chefcun foiall Crillian home perpetualment faufement & traiteroufment purpofant & ymaginaunt la perpetuell destruction del person du dit Roy & finall subversion de ceft noble reame preignant fur luy poiar roiall & coillant a luy le people du Roy en graunde nombre par faulx fubtiel ymaginoufe langage & feduciouf ment list commotion rebellion & insurrection foubz colour de justice & des leyes du dit Roy robbant tuant & defpoillant graunte party de son foiall people. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy les premises. ovefqe plufours autres queux furent pluis odious a remembrier considerant par advis & assent des seig jiurs avauntditz & a la request dez ditz Communes & par audorite defuifditz ad ordeigne Sc eftablie qe le dit Johan Cade soit repute ewe nomme & declare faulx traitour au nostre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy et qe toutz fez tirannye ades feetes & faux opynions soient voides cafies adnulles anientifez et ou ftez de remembraunce perpetuelment. Et qe toutz enditementez & lez dependauntez ent ewes & faitz lubz la poiar de fa tyranny enfement soient voides adnulles caflez repellez & tenuz pur null et qe le sang de nully soit ent defou'le northeast corrupte mes par laudorite du dit parliament cleere & declare perpetuelment. Et toutz enditementz e, n temps avenir en semblable case foubz poiar de tiranny rebellion & commotion euez soient de null recorde northeast effede mes voides en lay. Et toutz lez petitions bailies au dit Roy en son darrejn parliament tenuz a Wellin' le fifme jour de Novembre land son reigne xxixc encountre fa entent par luy nient agrcez soient prifez & rebotez en oblivion hors de remembraunce caftez voides adnullez Sc anientifez perpetuelment come chose purpose encountre Dieu Sc conscience encountre fa regalie estate Sc pre emynence Sc auxi dishonourable & refonable.

8 CAP.

Si

APPENDIX.

CA P. II

The Penalties for those who shall disobey the king's Writs, cor not appear before his

Council when warned by Proclamation.

Ex Rot. in Tim. Lond.

ITEM pur ceo qe le Roy nostre foverayn Seignur devatint ceft temps fur certeyns suggestions & faitz auxibien a luy come a les Seignurs de son counfelll fur diverses perfones de ceft son reame pur graundes riottes extorfions opprefiions Sc grevous offences par eux faitz encountre fa peas & leys as diverses de son liege poeple ad done en eommaundement auxibien par fes briefs defoubz son graunde feall come par fes letters de prive feall dapparoer devaunt luy en fa Chaunceric ou devaunt luy & fondit Counfeill as certeins jours en mefmes les briefs ou letters contenuz a refpondre de les premises les queux commaundementz fount Sc plufours foitz ount eftez difobeicz en contempt du Roy nostre foverayn Seignur et a graunde damage & delaie de fes ditz compleignauntz en cell party. Noftre dit Seignur lc Roy conliderant les premises par laucforite fuifdit ad ordeigne enadle Sc eftablie qe ft afeun tiel brief' ou letters de prive feall en apres soient diredfez a afeune person dapparoier devaunt luy ou son dii, Counfeiil come devaunt eft dit illeoqes a refpoundre a afeun de les premises et donqes mefme la person refuse de reeevoir tiel brief ou letters ou les despise ou absente luy .ou luy retreite pur cell cause Sc northeast veigne Sc guard le jour dapparaunce done a luy par le dit brief ou letters de prive feall et ceo duement certilic Sc entendue a son Counfeill qe adonqes le Chaunceller dengleterre pur le temps efteant eit poiar par la dit audlorite de fair fere brief ou briefs de proclamation deftre dire&ez a le viscount del counte ou la person enft refufantde reeevoir tielx briefs ou letters ou les defpifant ou abfentant ou retraiant ltiy pur cell cause eft demurraunt ou converfaunt ou en le counte profehein adjoignaunt et a les vifeountez de loun dres pur le temps efteantz donaunt a les ditz vifeountez several ment en eommaundement par le mefme qils fur peyne de forfeiture de CC li.' faeent overt proclamation en la (heretown de mefme le counte Sc en la dit Citee par trois several x jours immediantz apres le dit brief ou briefs soit ou soient a eux deliveres qe tiel person a qe tie] brief ou letters de prive feall ferrount diredlez come devaunt eft reherfee appierge devaunt le Counfeill du Roy ou devaunt le Chaunceller dengleterre pur le temps efteant dedcins une mois profehein apres le dit darrein jour del proclamation. Et retournent le dit brief oil briefs de proclamation devaunt le Roy en fa Chauneerie dedeins sept jours profehein apres le dit tierce jour de proclamation fur la dit peyne de CC li.' Et fil face defaulte & nappierge mye deyns le dit moys le dit brief ou btiefs duement proclamez en le dit lheretowne Sc Citee et le Counfeill du Roy verrament appris Sc eer tifie h dit proclamation en tie] fourme execute qe donqes ft tiel person soit del estate de Seignur come Due Marques Count Viscount ou Baron perde Sc forface toutz offices sees annuitees Sc autres possessions qe il ou afeun home a son oeps ad del done ou graunte du Roy nostre foverayn Seignur ou dafeun'de fes progenitours faitz a luy ou afeun de fes aunceftres. Et qe donqes le dit Chaunceller pur le temps efteant face fere autre brief ou briefs de proclamation deftre direclez a les ditz vifeountz de les ditz counteez & Citee pur le temps efteantz affair overt proclamation Sc retourne de mefme le brief ou briefs Sc fur mef me la peyne come devant eft fpeeifie Sc ordeigne fur le dit primer brief de proclamation et ft] face defaulte St nappierge mye al jour a luy limyte par le dit darrein brief ou briefs de proclamation qe donqz il perde & forface Ion estate noun de Seignur & lieu en pariement. Purveu qe la forfeiture de les offices sees annuitees Sc autres profleffions & auxi de les ditz estate noun de Seignur Sc lieu extende foulement mes pur term de vie de luy ou de ceux qi par audforite de ceft ale forfacerount lez ditz offices lees annuitees pofteflions ftatc noun & lieu ou afeun deux en fourme avauntdit. Et ft afeun Seignur dafeun de les ditz eftatez de Due Marques Count Viscount ou Baron nient eiant afeune ehofe du graunte du Roy ou dafeun de fez ditz progenitours difobeie come defuis apres la dit proclamation en manner & fourme avaunt ditz faitez retournez Sc certiftez forface pur term de fa vie au Roy nostre foverayne Seignur son noun & state de Seignur Sc lieu en pariement et auxi toutz lez terres Sc tenenrentes queux il ad ou afeun autre a son ceps ad et qe ehefcun autre person defoubs leftate de Seignur eiant lieflode ou al oeps de qel afeune autre person ou perfones ad ou ount afeune lifiode LI nappierge my deins le mois apres la proclamation salt par virtue del primer brief ou briefs face syne folonc la discretion des deux chief justices de son bank & de son commune bank pur le temps efteantez. Et qe ehefcun auire person eiant nulie lieflode northeast nul! autre person a son oeps enfi faisant defaulte soit inys hors de protection du. Roy. Purvieu toutz foitz qe ft alcun du liege poeple du Roy nominee en les ditz briefs ou letters northeast soit dedeins ceft son reame al temps dafeun des ditz briefs deliverez Sc retournez northeast absent luy dedeins le dit Roialme er aussi qe afeun person ou perfones anapres encountre qel ou quelx tielx briefs de proclamation ferront agardes soit on foment ft grevoufment vexes ou troubles par infirmite ou malady ou autrement tielx perfones soient irr.pri fones lanz fraud ou rna'e engyne ou qe eux soient ft enfebles par age qe eux northeast purrount my labourer en lour proper perfones enfi qe tiel demurraunee hors du Roiame feblenes ou malady emprisonement ou debilite dage fufficialment & duement proves par just Sc indifferent examination devaunt les Seignurs du Counfeill du Roy northeast soient pas endamages par ceste acte. Purveu aussi qe null maticr determinable par la lay de ceft Roialme soit par la dit adle determine en autre fourme qe folonc le cours de mefme la lay en les Courtes du Roy eiantz determination de mefme la lay. Ceft adle a commence] Sc prendre effeeft le primer jour de May lan du reigne du dit Pvoy xxxij' de toutz difobeifauncez afaires apres mefme primer jour et de null difobeifaunee devaunt cell jour salt et dendurer pur term de sept ans. Et qe ceft present acfte foitproelayme par le viscount de ehefcun counte de ceft terreen chefeun ville merehie dedeins mefme le counte devaunt le fest de Natlvite de Seint Johan Baptist en le dit an xxxijri APPEND. M CAP.

e j: p.

L lnft. S;.

82

APPENDIX.

CAP. III

A Remedy for several Extortions committed by the Officers of the Exchequer.

Ex Rot. in Tnrr. Lond.

r. X r. ITEM quod cum diverfi officiarii in Seaccario Domini Regis percipiant feoda Sc vadia de Rege pro fe J. & clericis fuis pro executione officiorum ftiorum in Scaccario predido eo non obstante didi officiarii & eorum clerici de vicecomitibus efcaetoribus ac omnibus aliis computantibus in dido Scaccario niagna Sc exceffiva dona feoda & regarda pro executione officiorum fuorum capiun.t contra omnein rationem Sc con fcientiam Sc officia fua pro deliberatione didorum computantium exequi nolunt quousque ipfi hujufmodi exceffiva feoda regarda & dona habeant que caufant vicecomites efcaetores & alios computantes exceffiva feoda dona & regarda de populo Domini Regis extorquere pro officiorum fuorum executione in comitati bus ubi officia fua exiftunt fic quod exceffiva captio cedit ad grave dampnum & deftrudionem omnium die lorum computantium nec non populi predidi Ac etiam cum diverfis officiariis in dido Scaccario rations feodorum & vadiorum que percipiunt de Rege placita tam inter ipsum Regem et partem quam inter partem & partem nec non pardonationes brevia allocationum judicia & alias infertiones absque feodis donis live regardis inferere pertineat iidem officiarii & eorum quilibet non obftantibus feodis & vadiis fuis pre didis aliquod placitum licet contineat nisi medietatem unius rotuli inferere nolunt nisi ipfi pro dida infer tione viginti & sex folidos & odo denarios viginti folidos vel trefdecim ■ folidos & quatuor denarios ad minus habeant ac pro infertione allocationis cujuflibet pardonationis five brevis quam vel quod ipfi aut ali quis ipforum inferit aut inferunt cujufcunque brevitatis fit decern folidos et ulterius principalis clericus quorumlibet didorum officiariorum capit pro labour fuo tantum de partibus ac computantibus predidis quantum attingit ad tertiam partem de eo quod magister suus percepit que bona & regarda quorundam computantium ad fummam viginti marcarum quorundam decern librarum decern mercarum ad minus attingunt ad grave dampnum oppreffionem & adnichilationem populi predidi Ac etiam cum diverfc commissiones lpeciales diverfis juftitiariis pads & aliis in quolibet ccmitatu Anglie pro deliberatione felo num Sc aliis caufis sint direde quarum commissionum virtute jufiitiarii fic assignati aliquo tempore fedent & ddiberant felones Si aliquando hujufmodi commiffio non deliberatur & eo non obstante quidam didorum officiariorum virtute officiorum fuorum volunt facere diftridionem versus hujufmodi commissionarios rctornabilem ad certum diem ad commissionem fuam cum omnibus exitibus forisfadis retornand' ad quern diem licet quidam commissionarii compareant Sc pro eorum excufatione sacramentum preftent prout lex vult quod ipfi juxta formam commissionis sederunt & deliberaverunt vel aliter quod nulla hujufmodi commiffio ad eorum manus devenit in quo casu ipfi in lege exonerantur Adhuc eo non obstante officiarii predidi novas diftridior.es versus didos commissionarios feribere volunt ad diftringend' ipfos & fic infinite quousque commissionarii predidi finem cum ipfis ad voluntatem fuam fecerint. pre fatus Dominus Rex premifla considerans de aflenfu Dominorum spiritualium Sc temporalium ac ad fpecia lcm requifitionem Communitatis predidc nec non audoritate ejusdem parliamenti ordinavit & ftabilivit quod quilibet officiarius in dido Scaccario qui aliqua feoda five vadia de Rege pro executione officii fui percipit quod ipfi & eorum quilibet omnes computantes in dido Scaccario in hoc quod officio fuo pertinet tempo: C congruo deliberent et quod ipfi nec eorum aliquis nec aliquis clericorum fuorum capiant nec capiat aliqua dona feoda regarda promiflum vel fecuritatem pro aliqua re quam ipfi facient in officio luo predido pro aliquibus computantibus except is didis vadiis Sc feodis que ipse percipit de Rege pro executione ejusdem officii. Salvo Temper quod quilibet didorum officiariorum quibus pertinet ratione officiorum fuorum ad inferend' placita pardonationes brevia allocationis & judicia percipere posit pro infertione placiti pardonationis brevis recordi five judicii quod vel que continet medietatem rotuli juxta longitudinem Sc latitudinem in dido Scaccario ab antique ufitatas duos folidos & non plus Sc pro illo placito pardonatione brevi recordo vel judicio quod vel que continet rotulum integrum quatuor folidos Sc non plus & pro illo placito pardonatione brevi recordo five judicio quod vel que continet minus medie tate rotuli viginti denarios Sc pro illo placito pardonatione brevi recordo five judicio quod vel que continet plus juxta afferantiam five quantitatein. Et quod nullus didorum officiariorum nec clericorum fuorum percipiat aliqua feoda neque vadia nec aliquod aliud proficuum de aliquibus colledoribus decimaruin quintarum decimarum deinceps prefato Domino Red conceflarum five concedendarum et quod hujufmodi officiarii in dido Scaccario qui habent potestatem feribendi ratione officiorum fuorum diftric tiones versus juftitiarios pads Domini Regis five aliquos alios commissionarios ad extradas fuas deferend' quod ipse nec aliquis clericorum fuorum postquam didi jufiitiarii five commissionarii debitam excufa tionem prout fuperius recitatur fecerint aut extradas fuas in curia detulerint nullam novam difiridionem neque alium procefium versus didos juftitiarios five commissionarios qui fc fic excufarunt aut extradas fuas detulerunt facient neque faciet. Et fi aliquis didorum officiariorum aut aliquis clericorum fuorum in contrarium alicujus articulorum fuperius rccitatorum faciet quod tunc ipfi & eorum quilibet perdent & perdet viginti libras totiens quotiens ipfi inventi fuerint inde defedivi & prefatus Dominus Rex unam medietatem didarum viginti librarum fic forisfadarum habebit et hujuimodi persona vel person que prosequi velint vel velit alteram medietatem ac feda ilia enpiatur teneatur & deterrninetur per adior.eni debiti coram Baronibus didi Scaccarii aut aliter coram juftitiariis de communi Banco versus aliquas of ficiarios five clericos didi Scaccarii qui faciunt vel percipiunt in contrarium ordinationis predide aliquo privilegio five confuetudine didi Scaccarii non obstante. Et quod idem proceflus habeatur in eadem ac tione coram didis Juftitiariis prout habetur in adionc debiti super obligatione ad coinmunem legem pre

fccuta

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Tun. Lond.

fecuta excepto Temper quod nullus officiarius qui habet aliquod officium in hereditate in feodo in Scaccario predidto precludatur ad percipiendum feoda que ab antique fuerunt legitime officio fuo debita & pertinentia & plus Salvo Temper quod dicti officiarii Domini Regis & eorum clerici rationabile regardum percipere poflunt pro Tcrutiniis & copiis per iptos fadtis in dicto Scaccario de aliquo recordo ad fectam alicujus ligei Domini Regis ordinatione predidta non obstante. Voluit tamen prefatus Dominus Rex quod de avitamento consilii Tui talis diredtio capiatur in' hac parte inter iftud tempus et Teftum Sancti Michaelis proximo futurum qualis videbitur rationabilis & aliter ordinatio predidta stet in fuo robore pro terinino quinque annorum.

CAP. IV

No Person brewing Ale or Beer in Kent to be sold, shall, during five Years, make above an

Hundred Quarters of Malt to his own Use.

ITEM prefatus Dominus Rex de avitamento didtorum Dominorum lpiritualium & temporalium ac ad E X P.

requititionem Communitatis predidte necnon audtoritate parliamenti predicti ordinavit & ftabilivit quod nulla persona que in comitatu Kane' cerviliam aut aleam vendend' communiter pandoxatur aliquod braleum in domo fua aut aliquo alio loco ad ufum suum ad cuftus Sc expenfas fuos ultra centum quarteria in anno faciat nec fieri faciat Tub pena forisfaciendi fummam decern librarum quolibet anno quo ipsa lie facit aut fiere facit ultra didta centum quarteria unam medietatem prefato Domino Regi Si alteram medietatem ipfi vel ipfis qui in hac parte profequetur vel profequentur. Et quod ordinatio predidta capiet elfedtum primo die Junii proximo futuro Sc perdurabit per quinque annos tunc proximo fequentes.

CAP. V

No wrought Silk belonging to the Mystery of Silkwomen shall be brought into this Realm by

the Way of Merchandise, during five Years.

ITEM cum prefato Domino Regi in parliamento predidto per gravem queremoniam fericatricum Sc fila EXP.

tricum miftere & occupationis operis ferici infra Civitatem London' oftenfum suit qualiter diverfi lum bardi & alii alienigene didtam mifteram Sc omnes hujufmodi virtuofas occupationes mulierum in regno predidto deftruere feipfos ditare Sc hujufmodi occupationes in aliis terris augere imaginantes fericum operatum filatum ribanas Sc torques falfo & fraudulenter operata cindtoria omniaque alia eafdem ir.ifte ram Sc occupationem concernentia in regnum predidtum adduxenint ac indies rdducere conabantur aliquod fericum bonum inoperatum prout alias ante ea tempora adducere confueverunt nullatenus deferentes in didtarum mifterarum & occupationum deftructionem ' finalem nisi per regiam majestatem uberius & ce lerius reformaretur. Pro cujus reformatione idem Dominus Rex audtoritate fupradidta voluit ordinavit & fhbilivit quod fi aliquis Lumbardus aut aliqua alia persona extranea five indigena adducat five adduci cau fet per viam mcrcandife aliquod fericum operatum filatum ribanas torques cindtoria de fcrico aut aliquam aliam rem tangentem five concernentem mifteram fericatricum cindtoriis que veniunt de Janua tantum modo except is in aliquem portum five locum regni predidii de ultra mare quod eadem operatum feri cum filatum ribane torques cindtoria & alie res fic addudta & operata eafdem mifteras concernentia sint forisfadta. Ac etiam quod quilibet Lumbardus &: quelibet alia persona extranea live indigena qui in contrarium iftius ordinationis fecerit totiens quotiens ipse fic feccrit viginti libras forisfaciat unam medieta te'm inde levandam & habendam ad ufum expenfarum hofpitii dicti Domini Regis & habcat ipse alteram niedietatem qui. proinde prosequi velit et quod liceat cuilibet person ligeorum dicti Domini Regis habere & manutenere adtioncm five adtiones de debito quolibet tempore tarn pro eadem forisfudtura viginti librarum quam pro re ilia fic forisfadta ac proceft'um inde dc utlagaria nec non omnem aliuin proeef sum prout in adtione dc debito ad communem legem et quod inde nulla protedtio neque eflon' fit allo cabilis et quod Major dicte Civitatis pro tempore exiftens habeat audtoritatem alfignandi duos tres vel quatuor homines ejusdem Civitates fufficientes & credibiles personas juxta diferetionem fuam supra LI brush jurandas ad debitum ferutinium infra didtam Civitatem A libertatein ejusdem faciendum totiens quotiens expediens videbitur de omnibus rebus habitis five fadtis in contrarium premillorum ac inde faci end' debitam relationem Majori & Aldermannis'didte Civitatis pro tempore exifteutibus pro pleniori infor matione prefato Domino Regi ac ipfis qui proinde prosequi velint. Et quod .ordinatio predidta incipiat tensre suum robur & elfedtum ad fcftum Pafche proximo futurum & perdurabit pro quinque annis extunc prox' fequentibus.

CAP. VI •,

Certain Privileges granted to the Abbot of Fountain in the County of York.

T F. M cum in dicto parliamento per Abbatem & Conventum monasterii beat Marie de Founteyns in EXP, comitatu Eborum lamentabiliter extiterit intimatum de eo quod cum ipfi Sc eorum predeceflbres de tempore non modico contra confcientiam absque causa per adtiones fidtas graviter implacitati & vexati sue rint & adtunc indies exifterent in diverfis curiis wapentachiorum & aliis curiis baromim ad numerum viginti & ultra infra didtum comitatum Eborum & comitatum Cumberl' ac in comitatu civitatis Eborum infra quos comitatus substantia pofleffionum dicti monasterii jacens exiftit tam per procurationem 5c excitatio

M z nexn

84

APPENDIX.

E: < Ret. in Turn. Lond.

nem ballivorum fenefcallorum Sc officiariorum didarum curiarum nec non fhmariorum curiarum wapen tachiornm & curiarum baronum predidarum pro eorum fingulari Iucro & proficuo quam per alias malitio fas & male difpofitas personas querelas versus ipfos albatem Sc Conventual fingentes & in diverfis didis curiis wapentachiorum & curiis baronum affirmantes ad quandam unam curiam trefeentas querelas feparales aut plures. Et quamvis communis Lex Anglie exigat quod quelibet persona implacitata pro aliqua causa in qua ipsa ad legem luam vadiand' eft admittib'ilis quod eadem persona fie implacitata legem fuam vadiaret per attornatum suum fufficientem audoritatem ad hoc habentem et eo non obstante predecefiores predicli nunc Abbatis ac alii Abbates & Priores in didis comitatibus nullo modo recipi poffent per hujufmodi bal livos lenefcallos Sc officiarios ad vadiand' legem fuam per eorum attornatum in hujufmodi curiis & wapen tachiis quousque pro illo inconvenienti Sc queremonia in ea parte habita audoritate parliamenti nuper ex titerit ordinatum quod omnes Abbates Sc Priores Sc alii religiofi Anglie Sc successores fui in hujufmodi cafi bus per attornates fuos generales vel generaletn in quolibet hundredo five wapentachio infra regnum Anglie quilibet eorum fub ipfomm com muni sigillo feparatim placitarent'in hujufmodi curia talia pla cita qualia client in lege placitanda & in lege allocanda et quod quilibet fenefcallus vel ballivus pro tempore exiftens infra didas curias hujufmodi attornatos reciperct absque amerciatione hujufmodi Abbatum pri orum & rcligioforum feu eorum alicujus fub pena forisfadure decem iibrarum. Attamen eo non obstante cum dictus Abbas per attornatum iuum legem fuam vadiaret in querelis predidis in hujufmodi curiis feparalibus tunc predidi ballivi fenefcalli Sc officiarii multotiens pro eorum fingulari lucro Ac per co vinam habitam inter ipfos Sc dictum malitioftun populum didas querelas affirmantem prefixerunt pre iato Abbati unum diem ad legem fuam faciend' in unaquaque, didarum feparalium curiarum et wapentachiorum simul ad unum diem Sc ad feparalia loca unoqucque exiftente tam remote ab altero quod predidus abbas nullo modo cornparere & venire poterat ad legem fuam faciend' in propria persona fua prout lex requirit et fic ipse ex causa ilia in diverfis didis curiis Sc wapentachiis fepe in didis que relis extitit condempnatus & in diverfis ipforum amerciatus qviodam anno in centum marcis Sc quo dam anno in majori Sc ad minus in quadraginta libris ubi nec per legem neque per confcientiam causa actionis unquam habita suit qui quidem labores vexationes Sc cuftus de verifimili effent continuand' & augend' in dide domes ac Abbatis & Conventus predid' dampna importabilia nili aliqod remedium in ea parte gratiofum in dido pariiamento pro eodem inonafterio providcretur. Prefatus Dominus Rex premiffa considerans de avifamento affenfu & audoritate predidis conceflit ordinavit & ftabilivit quod idem Abbas & successores fui contra quos aliqua querela five loquela eft vel in futurum erit capta vel attemptata in aliqua dida curia live wapentachio per eorum attornatum vel attornatos legem fuam vadiare poterunt de materiis in qualibet hujufmodi querela contends five continendis ubi lex ipfos fic facere permittit. Et quod ipfi lege fua fic vadiata didam legem five leges facere poffunt per eommonachum ejusdem loci cum aliis perfonis secum ad numerum sex personarum vel aliter per aliam personam assignatam & deputatam per ab batein domus predide pro tempore exiftentem fub communi sigillo didi monasterii de Founteyns cum sex perfonis secum ad didas leges faciend' pro abbate ejusdem domus et quod ballivi fenefcalli & officiarii didorum wapentachiorum & curiarum pro tempore exiftentis admittant permittant Sc recipiant didas leges in forma fupradida fiend as quod omnes leges predide fic vadiate Sc fade sint ita effectuales Sc hujufmodi vigoris in lege ac fi dictus Abbas vel fucoeffores fui ipfas feciffet vel feciffent in propriis perfonis fuis juxta curium communis legis terre. Et ulterius adoritate predida ordinavit quod fi aliquis ballivus fenefcallus five officiarius didarum curiarum aut wapentachiorum didam legem in forma predida fieri admittere nolit aut aliter aliquo modo difobediat vel non obfervet intentionem premiflorum ex parte fua fuperius recitatorum fiend'aut cmittat vel ex parte fua faciat contrarium ad aliquod iftorum premiflorum tunc idem ballivus fenefcallus vel cfficiarius'fic offendens pro quolibet tempore quo ipsum contrarium facere five in aliquo premifforum fuperius recitatorum ex parte fua fiend' offendere contigerit viginti libras forisfa ciat. Et unufquifque in hoc casu prosequi volens pofiit habere breve de debito & declarare super ordina tione predida et habeat ipse pro labour fuo unam medietatem Sc prefatus Dominus Rex alteram medietatem earundem viginti Iibrarum.

Ex Rotulo parlmne?iti Anno imo Edwardi 4 "N 17°*

EMORAND' q'd Die Mercurij Quarto Die Movembr' Anno Regni Regis edv/ardi quarti post Conqueftum pritno coram d'no Rege in Camera depi&a infra palacium Suu5 Weftm' Regali Solio Refidente p'fentib' eciam q'm plurib' p'latis procerib' et Coib' Regni Angl' pariiamentu' tunc ibidem sum'onitu*

Auftoritate Regia convocatis ven'abilis pater Georgius ep'us Exon' Cancel Iar' Angl' cau fam summonic'ois Parliamenti predicti de Mandato ip'ius d'rii Regis notabiliter declara vit a lilt mens pro fuo Themate Bonas Facies Vias valde Studia v'ra Jcremie Septimo.

ITEM

APPENDIX.

t {

Ex rotin Tttrr. Lond.

ITEM quedam Cedula fortnam Actus in Southeast continens Exhibita suit prefato d'no Regi in prefenti Parliamento Tub eo .qui Sequitur Tenore Verborum.

FOR aftvroclie as Henry late King Henry the Sixth ayenil the Honoure and trowrh that owe to be Stablilhed in ev'y x'epen Prynce' diflimiling with the Right Noble and Famous Prynce Richard Due of York to whom it lyked at the great and Special Infcaunce of the same Henry and of the Lords sp'uelx and Tetnporelx and Comyns of the Reame of Englond Solcmpnely to him made and for the tender and natural! Zele arid Affeccion that lie bare unto the comyn vele good Pollitique and Reftfull gov'naunce thereof to take his Viage from the Cite of London toward the North Parties of the said Reame to reprefte Subdue and Refill the Unleefull and inordynat com'ocion and Riotte there bigoune to the subv'fion of the said co'en Wele Pollitique and reftfull gov'naunce nathelcs procured Stered and Excited ayenft his promise and the form of the Convencion and Concorde made be tweene hem of and uppon the Right and Title of the said Coroune Roiall Power Diguite Eitate p'e mynence and Possession of the said Reame the Murdre of the same Due And where the said Henry Ufurpour diffimilyng the Deflruccion of other Lords and Perfones of the same Reame by iris Writts called to assist him to attend uppon his p'fcne to refifte and reprefte another Commccion of People by his Affente and Will Gadered and Waged not oonlie in the North parties but alio cute of Scotlond comyng from the same parties with Margarete late called Queen of Englond and her Son Edward late called Prynce of Wales entendyng to the Extreme Deflruccion of the said Reame namely of the South parties thereof wherof Experience iheweth the clerenes respect had to the Spoile by theym of Godds Chirch of chaleltes croftes of Sylver Boxes for the Sacrament and other onourmeuts longyrig thereunto of defouling and Ravishing Religious Wymmen Weddowes and Maydens of unmanly amt obhemynable entretyng of Wyminen beying in the naturall Labour and Bataile of Travailyng of Child by the meyne thereof Piteously difperaged heven Sorowyng the Lost therby of the Souls that ihuld have been of the Felanfhip of Christendom and of the Blifie of Heven not abhorryng of unmanly unnaturall and beeftly Cruelte to drawe Wymmen beyng in Childebedd from their Bedds naked and to Spoile hem of all her Goods a piteous defolacion The same Henry Atftour Fadlour and provokour of the leid com mocion and affentyng of Covyne with the said Margarete Henry Due of som'fet and Henry late Erie of northumb'lond in a Batailie to be hewed unto him & offered of Fraudulent Dissimulation in a feid beside the toune.of St. Albounes the xvij. Day of Fever' last past not joining his p'fone & blode to the defence tuicion and Salvacion of the same Lords and p'fones com'en to assist him by his audlorite and com'aundement like a victorious and a Noble Captainc but like a difleyvable Coward ayenft Princely and Knyghtlee Duetee fodenly Privately and Shamefully refused theym Suiferyng and Procuryng to dit feivably thefucion of their Blode and horrible Murdre and deth not havyng thereof Sorowe Pittte or Companion Adheryng to the said Margaret and to the said Due of som'kt and other Lords and p'fone's that com'itted the said orrible and cruell murdre of the said Due of York and of the Fries of Rutland and Salefbury and also of the said people in the said felde beside the said Toune of Seint Albounes Yevyng therefore to the said Due and other amftyng theym therein a Special] Laude and Thanke from thensfoitii appliyng to theym and to their outrageous unlefull and unlawfull Riotts and mifgov'naunce aft'that Sufferyng wilfully thoo worthy and good Knyghtes William Lord Bouville and Sir Thomas Kiryeil for the Prowefie of Knyhthode approved in their p'fones called to the Order of the Gaiter and William Gower Squier the beerer of oon' of his baners whom to be made feith and affurans under Kynges Word Procedyng from his Mouth to keep and defend theym there from all Hurte Joupardie and p'ell to be murdred and aft' that Tyrannyoufiy heded with great violence withoute Proceffe of Law or any Pittee contrary to his feid feith promyffe abhomynable in the lieryng of all x'pcn Prynces Forafmoch also as Henry Due of som'fett p'pofyng ymaginyng and compaffyng of Extreme and infaciate Malice and Violence to diftroy the right Noble and famous Prynce of wurthy Memory Richard late Due of York Fader to our Liege & sov'ayne Lord King Edward the fourth and in his Life v'ry King in right of the Reame of Englond finguler p'teslour Lover & Defenfour of the good gov'naunce Polhcie com'yn Wele Peas and Tranquillite thereof and also Thomas Courteney late Erie of Devonshire Henry late Erie of northumb'lond Thomas Lord Roos John late Lord Nevill John Whelpdale late of Lychefeld Clerk pjiilip Lews late of Thourefby in the Counte of Lincoln Clerk Bawdewyn Fulforth Knyght Alexander flooy Knyght Nicholas Latymer Knyght James Lotterell Knyght Edmund Mountford Knyght Thornas Fyndern Knyght Henry Lews Knyght John Heron of the Forde Knyght Richard Tunftall Knyght Henry be lyngham Knyght Robert Whityngham Knyght William Grymmcfby late of London hire Squier Thomas Tunftall late of Thurland in the Shire of Lancaflcr Squier Symond Hammes Knyght Thomas Dalton, late of Lilbourne in the Counte of noithumb'iond Gentilman James Dalton late or the same Gehtilman George Dalton late of the same Gentilman John Clapam late of Skipton in Craven in Ycrkfhire Yoman Andrew i rollop late of Guyfues Squier Antony Notehill Knyght John Roti kr late of Howke III the Counte of Dorset Squier Gawen Lamplcwgh late of Warkeworth in the Shire of Northurnb'lond Gentilman Edmund Fyfh late of York Tayllcour Thomas Fryfell late of the same Smyth John smoth yng late of the same Yecman John Caterall late cf Braton in the Counte of York Gentilman Thomas Barton late cf Helmeftcy in the Counte of York Gentilman William Typpes late of Southduffeld in the • Counte of York Yemen Henry clyff the Elder late of Lokyngton in the Counte of York Yoman'' rob't Tomlynfon late cf Helagh in the Counte of York Yoman and Thomas Barton late of York ma son at Wakefield in the Shire of York on Tvwefday the XXX Day of Decembr' last past with great

deipite:

85

Cortviccjo quo r'dari d'r.cr et altar au&or; ta: e Partianunri*

86

appendix.

Ex Rot. in 1‘nrr. Lond.

despite & violence Horrible & unmanly Tyrannye murdred the said right noble Prynce Due of York ana where also Henry Due of excetv Henry Due of som'fet Thomas Courteney late Erie of Devonshire Henry late Erie of Northumberlond William Viscount Beaumont Thomas Lord Roos John late Lord Clyfford Leo late Lord Wellas John late Lord Nevill Thomas Grey Knight Lord Rugemond Grey Randolph late Lord Dacre Humfrey Dacre Knyght John Morton late p'son of Blokefwortli in the Shire of Dorfct Clerk Rauff Makerell late p'son of Ryleby in the Shire of Suff' Clerk Thomas Mannyng late of Newe Wyndefore in Berklhire Clerk John Whelpdale late of Lychefeld in the Counte of Stafford Clerk John Nayler late of London Squyer John Preston late of Wakefeld in the Shire of York Preeft Philip Wentworth Knyght John Fortefcu Knyght William Tailboys Knyght Edmund Mountford Knyght Thomas Trelham Knyght William Vaux Knyght Edmund Hampden Knyght Thomas P'yndern Knyght John Courteney Knyght Henry Lews Knyght Nicholas Latymer Knyght Waltier Nuthill Jate of Ryfton in Holdernes in the Shire of York Squier John Heron of the Forde knyght Richard Tunftall Knyght John Ormond otherwise called John Botillier Knyght William Mylle Knyght Symonde Hammes Knyght William Holand Knyght called the Ballard of Exceftr' William Jolep' late of London Squier Everard Dykby late of Stokedry in the Shire of Ruthlond Squier John Myrfyn late of Southwerk in the Shire of Surr' Squier Thomas Philip late of Dertyngton in Devonshire Squier Thomas Brampton late of Guyfues Squier Giles Seyntlowe late of London Squier Thomas Claymond the said Thomas Tunftall Squier Thomas Crawford late of Caleys Squier John Aldeley late of Guyfnes Squire John Lenche of Wyche in the Shire of Worceftre Squier Thomas Ormond otherwise called Thomas Botillier Knyght rob't Bellyngeham late of Burnallliede in the Shire of weftm'lond Squier 'I'homas Everyngham late of Newhall in the Shire of Leyceffr' Knyght John Penycoek late of Waybrigge in the County of Suit' Squier William Grymmelby late of Grymmefby in the Shire of Lincoln Squier Henry Roos late of Rokyngham in the Shire of Northampton Knyght Thomas Danyell late of Ryfing in the Shire of Norf' Squier John Bon late of the same

Gentilman Richard Kirkeby late of Kirkeby Ireleth in the Shire of Lancaftr' Gentilman William Ackworth late of Luton in the Shire of Bed' Squier William Weynsford late of London Squier Richard Study late of Lambehith in the Counte of Surr' Squier Thomas Stanley late of Carlile Gentilman 'Thomas Litley late of London Grocer John Maydenwell late of Kyrton in Lyndfey in the Counte if Lincoln Gentilman Edward Ellesmere late of London Squier John Daufon late of. Weftmynller in the Shire of Midd' Yoman Henry Spencer late of the same Yoman John Smothyng late of York Yoman John Beaumont late of Godby in the Shire of Leyc' Gentilman Henry Beaumont late of the same Gentilman Roger Wharton otherwise called Roger of the Hall late of Burghe in the Shire of weftm'lond Groine John Jolkyn late of Braughyng in the Shire of Hertf' Squier Richard Lytefter the Yonger late of Wakefeld Yoman Thomas Carr late of Weftmynfter Yoman Robert bol lyng late of Bollyng in the Shire of York Gentilman Robert Hatetale late of Barleburgh in the same Shire Yoman Richard Everyngham late of Pontfreyt in the same Shire Squier Richard Fulnaby of Gentilman Laurence Hyll late of Moche Wycombe in the

Counte of Buk' Yoman Rauff Chemok late of Thorley in the County of Lancaftr' Gentilman Richard Gaitford of Eftretford in Cley in the Shire of Notyngh' Gentilman John Chapman late of Wymbourne Mynfter in Dorsetshire Yoman and Richard Cokerell late of York Marchaunt on Sonday callid comynly Palme Sonday the xxjx day of March the first Year of his Reigne in a feid bitwene the Tounes of Shirbourne in Elmett and Tadcaftr' in the said Shire of York called Saxton feeld and Tawton feeld in the Shire of York' accompanyed with the Frenlhmen and Scotts the Kynges Ennemyes falsely and traitorously ayenft their feith and Liegeaunce there Rered Werre ayenft the same King Edward their Right wise true and naturall Liege Lord p'pofyng there and then to have diftroyed him and deposed him of his Roiall Estate Coroune and Dignite and then and there, to that Entcnt faifely and traiteroully meved bataille ayenft his feid Astate fttedyng therein the Blode of a great nombre of his Subgetts In the which Bataille it pleased Almyghty God to yeve unto him of the mysteries of his inyght and Grace the Vidtorie of his Ennemyes and Rebels and to subdue and avoyde the fedle of their fals and traitorous p'pofe And where also the said Henry late called King Henry the Sixth Margarete his Wyf late called Queen of Englond and Eward her Son late called Pryncc of Wales And also Henry Due of Exceftr' Henrv Due or som'fet Thomas Lord Roos tito mas Grey Knyght Lord Rugemond Grey in the Fell of St. Mare Evangelist last past purpofyng and ymagynyng the Dcftruccion of our feid sov'eine Lord King Edward to depose him of his Roiall Astate and Dignity procured of James King of Scotts and of his Subgetts then Ennemyes of our feid sov'ayne Lord their ayde Afiiftence and armed Power to Entre uppon the same our sov'ayhe Lord into his feid Reame to put him from the Reigne thereof and to diitroy him and to that Entcnt convened with the same James King of Scotts and ayenft their feith and Liegeaunce delyv'ed to him to his Pofleftion and Obeifaunce in the said Sell the Toune and Cartel] of Berwyk of our feid Liege Lords then beyng their right wifle true and naturall Liege Lord to that End and Effect that the said King of Seottr. foo then possessed of the said Toune and Castle the Key of the Eftmarehes of Englond lhulcl thciby have Entre to Execute the unjust untrue and malicious p'pofe and Entente of the same Henry Margaret and Edward and foralinoch also as the feide aiargarete and also Henry Due of exceft'r Henry Due of som'fet Jasper Erie of Pembroke Tames late Erie of Wiltelhire Robert Lord Hungerford Thomas Mannyng Clerk John Laxe late p'lbnne of Walton in the Shire of scm'fett Clerk Henry Lews Knyght Robert Whittyngham Knyght John Ormond otherwise called John Botillier Knyght frere Rob. Galley ot the Order of the Freres p'chours and Thomas Comewaile Squier

have

§7

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

have ayenft their feith and Ligeaunce dyv's times sith the fourth days of March last past ftured laboured and p'voked the Ennemyes of oure feid sov'eine Lord King Edward the fourth of owteward lands to Entre into his feid Reame with great Bataills to Rere Werre ayenft his Astate within the said. Reame to conquere the same from his Possession and obeyfaunce to depose hytn of Roiall Astate Corounes and Dignitc and to destroy his most Noble p'fone and Subgctts And where also the same Margarete and Edward her Sonn and also the said Henry Due of Exeftr' Thomas Grey Lord Rugernond Grey Humfrey Dacre Knyght Edmund Hampden Knyght rob't Whytingham Knyght Henry Bellingham Knyght and Richard Tunftal! Knyght adheryng to the Scotts Enemies of oure leid sov'ayne Lord King Edward the fourth convened with the same Scotts procuryng defiryng and wagyng theym to Entre into his feid Reame to make there Werre ayenft his Roiall Magefte bringyng the same Scotts and Ennemyes to his Cite of Carlile befegyng and Environnyng it brennyng the Subarbes thereof deftroiyng the Houses habitacions and lands of his Subgetts nyghe therunto in man'e of Conqueftc p'pofyng ayenft their feith and Liegeaunce to have delyvered the said Cite the Key of the West Marches of Englond into the Possession and obeyfaunce of the said King of Scotts and to have spoiled the Coroune of Englond therof as they didde of the said Town of Berwyk And ov'e That where the said Henry late called King of Englond the Sixth and also Thomas Lord Roos Thomas Grey Lord Rugernond Grey Humfrey Dacre Knyght John Fortefcu Knyght William Tailboys Knyght Edmund Mountford Knyght Thomas Neveill late of Brauncepeth in the Byfhopryke of Durham Clerk Humfrey Nevill late of the same Squier and Thomas Elwyke late of Caleys Squier the xxvj day of Juyne last past at Ryton & Brauncepath in the Bifhopryke of durh'm with Standardes & Gytons unrolled Rered Werre ayenft our feid Lord King Edward purpofyng to have deposed him of his Roiall Astate Coroune S: Dignite ayenft their feith & Liegeaunce And torafmoche alfoe as Henry Due of Exeeftre j.afpcr Erie of Pembroke & Thomas Fitzherry late of Hertford Squire at a place called Tutehill besides the Towns of Carnarvan in Wales on Friday next aft' the Fest of Tranllacion of Seint Edward last past rered Werre ayenft the same our sov'ayne Lord purpofyng then & there to have proceded to his Deftruccion of fals and cruell violence ayenft their feyth & Liegeaunce It be declared & adjuged by the assent & of the Lords sp'uelx & Temporelx & com'yns beyng in this present Parliament and by Auclo — trite of the same that the said Henry late called King Henry the Sixth for the .Confideracions of the great haynoufe & detestable malice offences afore fpecifyed by him committed ayenft his feith & liegeaunce to oure feid Liege Lord King Edward the fourth his true right wiffe and natural! Liege Lord offended and hurte unjuftely & unlawfully the Roiall Magefte of our feid sov'ayne Lord And that it be Ordeyned & ftablisfhed by the said Advis Assent & that the same Henry forfet unto the same oure Liege Lord King Edward the fourth & to the said Coroune of Englond all Caftelfes man's lordfhip's Townes tounefhip's Honours Lands ten'tes Rentes Services fee fermes Knyghtes sees Advoufons Hereditaments and Poffelfions with their appurten'nces which lie or any other to his Use had the third day of March last past beyng of the Duchie of Lancaftr' or that were any Parcell or Membre of the same Duchie or therunto unyed or annexed in the first Yereof the Reigne of Henry late called King Henry the fist or at any time lith And that it be ordeyned and ftablisfhed by the said Advis Assent and Aufforite that the same man's Caftelles lordfhip's Honours Tounes Tounefhips Lands ten'tes Rents s'vices see fermes Knyghtes sees Advoufons Heredytaments & Pofl'effons with their appurten'nces in Englond Wales & Calleis & the Marches therof .make and from the said fourth Day of March be the said Duchie of Lancaftr' Cor'pcrat and be caked the Duchie of Lancaftr' and that oure feid sov'ayne Lord King Edward the fourth have sease take hold enjoy and enherit all the same Manoirs Caftelles & other p'mifles with their app'tenncez by the same name of Duchie lro all other his Enheritauncez separate fro the said fourth day March to him and to his Heires Kyngs of Englond perpetually and that the Counte of Lancaftr' be a Counte Palatyne and that oure Liege and sov'ayne Lord King Edward the fourth and his Ileires have as Parcell of the said Duchie the same County of Lancaftr' a County Palatyne and a Seal Chaunceller Juges and Officers there for the same and all manner lib'tees Cuftumes Laws Roiall and Fraunchifes in the same Counte Palatyne lawfully and Right wisely used And ov'e that another Seal called the Seal of the Duchie of Lancaftr' and a. Chaunceller for the kepyng therof Officers and Counceillours for the gidyng and gov'naunce of the same Duchie and of the p'ticuler Officers Ministers tenn'tes and inh'itaunts therof in as great ample and large form as Henry callyng himfilf King Henry the fist at any time therin had used or enjoyed lawfully and that by the same Audtorite the said Officers and Ministers and also the tenn'tez and inh'itauntz of and in the same Duchie have use Exercise and enjoy such and all lib'tees Fraunchifes privilegs and Cuftumes as the Officers Ministers tenn'tes and inh'itaunts of the same Duchie had used exc'cifed or enjoyed lawfully in the time of the same Henry callyng himfilf King Henry the syst And that also in the same Duchie be used had and occupied all such Freedoms lib'.ees Franchiies Cuftumes Privilegs and Jurifdiccions as were used therin lawfully afore the said iiij day of March and that the Officers Ministres tenn'tes and inh'itaunts of or in the said Duchie be Entreated and Demeaned accordyng to the same Fredomes lib'tees Fraunchifes Cuftumes Privileges and Jurifdiccions and not'dif treyned arted or compelled to the cont'ry in any wise And Moreover that it be Ordeyned Demed and Declared by the said Assent Advis and Auclorite that the said Margaret for the Confideracions of her Tranfgrelfions and Offences afore specified comitted a yenli: her feith and Liegeaunce to the same oure sov'ayne and Liege Lord King Edward stand and be by the said Advis Assent and Auclorite convicted and attainted of High Treason And that the same Margarete and also the said edv/akd her Son be unabled and taken held demed and reputed unablcs and rinvvorthy to have occupie hold en

83

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in tmvlond.

heritor Joy any State name of Dignite p'emynence or Possessions within the Reame of Englond afore fiid in Ireland or Wales in Caleys or in the Adarches therof in France or Guyenne And also That the same Margarete and Edward her Son forfeit to our feid Liege Lord King Edward the fourth all. Caftelles man's Lordfliipps Honoures Lands and Tenements with their app'ten'c's Goodes and Catelles which they or either of tiieym or any other to their or either of their life had within the said. Reame or in Wales aforesaid the said iiijth day of March And alio that the said Henry Due of som'fet Thomas Courteney late Erie of Devonfnire Henry late Erie of Northumberlond Thomas Lord Roos John late Lord Clyfford and John late Lord Nevill be unabled forever from hensforth to have hold Enherit or Joy any name of Dignite Estate or p'emynence within the same Reame in Irlond or Wales or in Caleys or in the Marches thereof and that their Hcires be unable to Cleyme or have by. theyni any such name Estate or Preemynencc And that they and also John Whelpdale Clerk Philip Lovvys Clerk Bawdewyn Fulforth Knyght Alexander Body Knyght Nicholas Latymcr Knyght James Lolerell Knyght Edmund Mountford Knyght Thomas Fyndern Knyght Henry Lowes Knyght John Heron of the Ford Knyght Richard Tunftall Knyght Henry Belyngeham Knyght. Thomas Fyndern Knyght Robert Whityngham Knyght William Grymmelby late Squier Thomas Tunftall Squier sy tnona Hamnies Knyght Thomas Dalton Gentilman Gawen Lamplew Gentilman Edmund Fish though niaj F'uzell John Emochyng Yeomen John Caterall Thomas Barton late of Helmefley William Fyppes Henry clyff rob't Tomlynfori & Thomas Barton of York Mason for their Traitours cruell and horrible Muvdre of the said Right Noble Prynce Due of York, afore declared stand & Convybted and Attaynted of High Treason and forfeit to the King and his heires all the Caftelx mail's Lordships Lands ten'tes Rentes s'vices Sees Advoufons Hereditaments and Possessions with their app'ten'ncez which they or any of theym aforefeyd attaynted or any other p'fone or p'fones Feoffees to the use or behofe of any of the said p'fones so attaynted had the same day lawful Cause of Entre within Englond Irlond or Wales or the Marches therof oute of the lib'te of the Bisthoprvke of durh'm that is to fey bitwene the wat's of Tyne and Teefe and in the Places called Northamihire and Bedelyntonfhire within the Counte of northumb'lond in the which lib'tee & Places the Bithop of Durham and his p'dcceftours of time that noo mind is have had Roial Right & Forfeiture of Werre in the Right of the Chirch Cathedrall of Seint Cuthbert of durh'm as by Concord of Parliament in time of the Noble Progenitours of oure feid sov'ayne Lord King Edward the fourth it hath bene Assented And also it is Ordeyned and Eftablisfhed in this present Parliament by th'avis & assent of the Lords sp'uell & Temporell & com'yns of this Reame in the same Parliament assembled that all man's Lands ten'tes Rentes Reversions Possessions and other Inheritements of which any p'fone or p'foacs aforenamed by this p'lente Able Attaynte were seized or had any Astate Title Right int'efle or Possession fool by theym self cr joyntly with other the xxjx Day of the said Month of Decemhr' To the Use Profttte or behofe of any p'fone or p'fones by this present Able not Attaynted be not forfeited nor forfeitable in any wise to the King nor to his Heires nor to the said Bishop nor to his Succefiburs nor feiffble into any of their Hands by this p'fent Able but utterly be Excepted and forprized out of the same and that ail such Estate Title Right int'efte and Possession which any of the said p'fone or p'fones by this Able Atteynted had the said xxjx Day in any man's Londes ten'tes Rentes Poflelftons and other inherite inents to the Use p'nttc or behofe of any p'fone or p'fones by this Able not atteynted grewe come and be to every of the same p'fone or p'fones by this ate not Atteynted and to their Heires and in the lame p'fone or p'fones and their Heres be veiled and they therin be Entitled in such Wise form and rnsn' of Estate Title Right and Possession as the said p'lone and p'fones by tills Able Atteynted or rny of theym were seized Entitled or poflefied of or in the same Manoirs Lands ten'tes Rentes possessions or other Inheritements or any of theym to the Use p'fttte or behofe of any of. the said p'fories not Attaynted by this Able And that all such Estate Title Right Interesse and Possession which any of the said Perfones by this Able Atteynted had the said XXIX Day in any alan's Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions or other Inheritements joyntly with any other p'ione or p'fones by this A<51e not Attaynted To the Use p'fitte or behofe of any p'fone or p'fones by this same Able not Attaynted growe come and be to the same p'fone or p'fones with whom any of the said p'fones in man'e' afore leid attaynted had such joynt Astate Right Title Interesse or Possession the said XXIX Day and in theym to be veiled and they therin fooly without ny of the said p'fones foo Attaynted Entitled seized & And that it bee leefuil to every p'fone cr p'fones by this Able not Attaynted to whose Use any of the said p'foncs in the form aforesaid attaynted had any Estate Right Title int'efle or Possession in any man's Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions or other Inheritements to Enter into the same into whos Potrdfion soever They be seized or come as vvell uppon the Possession of the King oure sov'ayne Lord as uppon the Pofteifton of any other p'fone or p'fones by this Abt not Attaynted and theym have and Enjoye accordyng to the Right Title int'dte'& Possession which any p'lbne or. p'fones by this Able Atteynted had in the same the said XXIX Day to the Use p'iittc or behofe of theym or of any of theym aforesaid by this Acte not Attaynted And also that it be leefuil to every p'fone or p'fones by this Able not Attaynted with whom eny of the said p'fones in manner aforesaid by this Able Atteynted hadde any joynte astate Right Title Interesse or Polfeflion in any man's Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions or other Inheritements the said XXIX Day To the Use Profttte or behofe of eny p'fonc or p'fones by this Able not Attaynted to enter into the same man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and oilier Inheritements into v.hoos Possession foev'r they be seized or come as well uppon the of the

King oure sov'ayne Lord as uppon the Possession of any other p'fone or p'fones by this Able not at taynted'and the same man's Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements in theym be

veiled

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

veiled and they therein fooly withoute any of the said p'fones foo Attaynted entitled seized and possessed favying to every of the Kynges Lieges and their Heires other then been Attaynted by this Acte Sc their Heires clayming any Inheritaunce by theym or any of theym foo Attaynted their Right Title and int'effe of and in all such man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and all other Inheritements of which any of the said p'fons foo attaynted was seized by theymfilf or joyntly with other in man'e aforesaid or in any otherwise to the Use and behofe of any other p'fone or p'fones not Atteynted by this A die the said XXIX Day. And Moreover it is Ordeyned and Established by the said Advis Assent and auc torite that every of the Wyfes of every of the said Person or p'fones now lyvyng by this A etc Atteynted and every such Woman as was the Wyf of eny of the said p'fones now Dede by this Adle Atteynted which Wyfes or other Wymrnen were born under the Obeyfaunce of the Coroune of Englond in any Place oute of the Reame of France and of the Duchie of Normandy or Pome outc of this Reame and lawfully bigoten by any Englislhman after the Deth of theire Hulbondes frely enjoy have and poffede all their own inheritaunc's to theym and to their Heires other than been Attaynted by this at and all mann'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements Wherof they or any of theym the said XXIX Day of Decembr' in any wise were Seifed or Possessed in their own Right State or Possession or joyntly with any of their feid Husbondes or with eny other p'son or p'fones or of which any p'fone or p'lones were Seifed to the Use of eny of the said Wymmen after the form and man'e and in like Etfate as they or any of theym were entitled in the same the said XXIX Day and that duryng their Aftates hit be not feifible into the Kynges hands nor the King to be Answered of any Issues and Profittes therof the same Aftates duryng by reason of this Able And that it be lewfull to every of the said Wyfes Sc Wymmen and to every of their Heires by yis Able not Attaynted to Entre into the same man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Poflefliohs & other Inheritements into whos Possession foev'r they be feafed or come as well uppon ye Poffeftion of the King o'r sov'ayne Lord as uppon the Possession of any o'r p'fone or p'fones by this Able not Atteynted Sc theym Sc ev'ry of theym hold Sc enjoy to theym and to their Heires by this Act not Atteynted According to their Title Sc int'efle in the same Savyng to ev'ry of the Kynges Lieges and their Heires other than such as been Attaynted by this Adle and their Heires enclayming any Inheritaunce by theym or any of theym foo attaynted or other havyng any Tytle Right or int'efle in any of the same man'rs Londes ten'tes and Poflefiions or other Inheritance to the Use of any of theym foo attaynted the Title Right and int'effe of the same Lieges and their heires of and in all such man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and all other Inheritements of which eny of the said p'fones foe Attaynted was seized by theymfilf or joyntly with other the said XXIX Day And also it is Ordeyned and Established by the said Advis Assent and Audiorite that yf any of the said p'fones by this Acte Atteynted have made any Estate Feoffement or dilcontynuance of any Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements whereof they or any of theym were Seifed or Possessed in the Right of any of their Wyfes at the time of such Aftates Feotments or discontynuance made to eny p'fone or p'fones in eny. wise that the said Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements be not comprised in this Adle. but utterly be excepted forprifed oute of the same And that the Right & Title of every of the said^ Wyfes of Sc in all such londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements be Sc rest'in ev'ry of the said Wyfes and they to be at her Accions Sc recov'ees of the same Sc every Parcel! therof Ac; cordying to the Course of the Comyn Law of Englond this Adle or any other Adle or any other Adle or orden'nce in this present Parliament made or to be made notwithstanding And that the said Henry. Due of Exceftr' Henry Due of som'fet Thomas Courteney late Eric of Devonshire Henry late Erie of Nprthumberlond Jasper Erie' of Pembroke James late Erie of Wiltelhire William Vicecount Beaumont Thomas Lord Roos .John late Lord Welles John late Lord Nevill Thomas Grey Lord ruget;. mond Grey and Randolph late Lord Dacre for their Traitours Offences and Traiifgreflions above fpe eifted comytted ayenft the Astate Coroune and Dignite of oure feid sov'ayne and Liege Lord King; Edward the fourth ayenft their feith and Liegeaunce be unabled ever from hensforth to havd hold enherit or Joy any name of Dignite Estate or p'emynence within Englond Irelond or Wales of Caleys or in the Marches thereof And that their Heires be unable to Cleyme or have by theym any fuclf name Astate or p'emynence And that they and also the said John Moreton Clerk Rauff Makerell Clerk Thomas Mannyng Clerk John Whelpdale Clerk John Nayler Squier John Moreton Preeft: Robert Ellfeild then of John Lax Clerk Philip Lowys Clerk Humphrey Dacre Knyght

Philip Wentworth Knyght John Fortefcu Knyght William Tailboys Knyght Edmund Mountford Knyght Thomas Trefham Knyght William Vaux Knyght; Edmund Hampden Knyght Thomas Fyndern Knyght John Courteney Knyght Henry Lews Knyght Nicholas Latymer Knyght Walter Notchill Squier Thomas Claymond John Ormond otherwise called John Botillier Knyght William Mille Knyght William Holand otherwise called the Ballard of Exceftr' Knyght Thomas Entrynghnm Knyght Henry Roos Knyght Humfrey Nevill Squier William Jolep Squier ev'rard Dvgby Squier John Myrfyn Squier Thomas Phelip Squier Thomas Brampton Squier Gyles Seyntlowe Squier jtohn Akleley Squier Thomas Crawford Squier John Lenche Squier Thomas Brymound Knyght Robert Bellyngeham Squier Thomas Danyell Squier William Waynesford Squier Edward Ellesmere Squier John Jolkyn Squier Richard Everyngham Squier Thomas Cornwayll Squier Thomas Elwyke Squier Thomas Fitzherry Squier John Penycock John Doubiggyng Gentilman Richard Kyrkeby gentil man John Beaumont Gentilman Henry Beaumont Gentilman Robert Bellyng Richard Fulnaby Raulph Chernok John Maydenwell Gentilman Thomas Litley Grocer William Ackewcrth Richard Stucley Roger Wharton John Daufon Yoman Henrv Spencer Yoman Richard liteftr'yoman Thomas Carre Yoman APPEND. N rob't

go

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Ttirr. Lond.

rob't Hadlcale Yoman John Chapman Yoman Laurence Hyll Yoman Richard Gayteford and Richard Cokerell for their Traitours offences and Transgressions afore declared corti'itted and doon ayenft the said Astate Coroune and Dignite of oure feid sov'rayne Lord King Edward thejfcurth Hand and be convycted of High Treason and forfeit all the Caftelles man'ors Londes Lordlhipps ten'tes Rentes s'viccs pees ad voulons Hereditaments and Possessions with their app'ten'c's which they or any of theym had of Estate of Enheritaunceor eny other to their or eny of their Use hadde the said iiijth Day of March or into which they or any of theym aforesaid attaynted or any other p'fone or p'fones Feoffees To the Use or behofe of any of the said p'fones loo attaynted had the same iiij[h Day of March lawful Cause of Entre withinenglond ir lond or Wales or Caleys or in the Marches therof oute of the lib'tee of the Bislhoprike of durh'in that is to fey betwene the Water of Tyne and Teefe and in the Places called Northamfhire and Bedlyntonlhire within the Counte of northumb'lond in the which lib'tee and Places the Bishop' of durh'm and his p'edeceffours of time that noo mind is have had Roiall Right and Forfeiture of Werre in the Right of the Chirch Cathedrall of Seynt Cuthbert of Durham as by Concorde Parliament in time of the noble Progenitours of oure feid sov'ayne Lord King Edward the fourth hit hath been assented and over that it be Ordeyned Graunted and Stablished by the said Advis Assent and Audorite that every p'fone by any Acte made in this present Parliament Atteynted of Treason Ayenft our feid Liege and sov'ayne Lord forfett to the Reverende Fader in God Laurence now Bisfhop of durh'm and to his Succeffours in the Right of Chirch Cathedrall of Seint Cuthbert of durh'm All the man'rs Londes ten'tes and other Possessions and Hereditaments with their Appurtetinces which they or any other to their or any of their Use have within the said lib'tee that is to fey bitwixt the said Waters of Tyne and Teefe within the leid Places called Northamfhire & Bedclyngtonfhire the said iiijth Day of March And also it is Ordeyned and Established in this p'fent Parliament by thavis and Assent of the Lords sp'uell and Temporell and com'yns of this Reame in the same Parliament assembled that all man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes rev'fions Possessions and other Inheritements of which any p'fone or p'fones aforenamed by this present Acte attaynted were seized or had any Astate Title Right Interesse or Possession Sool by theymfilf or Joyntly with other the fourth Day of the said Month of March to the Use Profitte or behofe of eny p'fone or p'fones by this p'fente Acte not Atteynted be not forfeited nor forfeitable in any wise to the King nor to his Heires nor to the said Bishop' nor to his Successors nor feifible into any of their Hands by this present Acte but utterly be excepted and foreprifed oute of the same And that all such Estate Title Right Interesse and Possession which any of the said p'fone or p'fones by this Acte attaynted had the. feid iiijth Day in any mann'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements to the Use Profitte or Behofe of any p'fone or p'fones by this Acte not attaynted growe come and be to Every of the same Person or p'fones by this Acte not Attaynted and to their Heires And in the same p'fone or p'fones and their Heires be veiled and they therin be Entitled in such wise fourme and mannere of Estate Title Right and Possession as the said p'lone or p'fones by this Acte atteynted or any of theym were seized in titled or possessed off or in the same man'rs Londes ten'tes Pefleffons or other Inheritements or any of theym To the Use Profitte or behoefe of any of the said p'fones not Attaynted by this Acte And that all such Estate Title Right Interesse and Possessions or other Inheritements joyntly with any other p'fone or p'fones by this Acte not Attaynted To the Use Profitte or behofe of eny p'son or p'fones by this same Acte not attaynted growe come and be to the same p'fone or p'fones with whom eny of the said p'fones in manner aforesaid Atteynted had such joynt Estate Right Title Interesse or Possession the said fourth Day and in theym be veiled and they therin fooly withoute any of the said p'fones foo Attaynted Entitled Seifed or Possessed and that it be leefull to every p'fone or p'fones by this Acte not Atteynted to whole Use any of the said p'fones in the form aforesaid Attaynted had any Estate Right Title Interesse or Possession in any man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions or other Inheritements to Entre into the into whose Possession soever they be seized or come afwell upon the Possession of the King oure sov'rayne Lord as uppon the Possession of any other p'fone or p'fones bv this Acte not Attaynted and theym have and Enjoye Accordyng to the Right Title Interesse and Possession which any p'fone or p'fones by this Act Attaynted had in the same the said fourth Day to ye Use profktte or behofe of yeym Or any of yeym aforesaid by yis Acte not Attaynted And also that it be leeful to every p'fone or p'fones by this Acte not Attaynted with whom any of the said p'fones in man'r aforesaid by this Adlc Attaynted had any joynt Astate Right Title Interesse or Possession in any man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions or other Inheritements the said iiij!h Day To the Use Profitt or behofe of eny p'fone or p'fones by yis Acte not Attaynted to Entre into ye same man'rs Londes ten'tez Rentez Possessions and o'r Inheritementz into whose Possession soever they be feafed or come as well uppon the Poflsffion of ye King our Soverayn Lord as uppon ye Possession of any o'r p'fone or p'fones by yis Acte not Attaynted And ye same man'rs Londes ten'tez Rentez polr'leons & o'r Inheritements in yeym be veiled yey Vdm Toly w't'out eny of the said p'fones so Attaynted Entitled & Possessed Savyng to every of the Kyngs Lieges and their Heires other then been Attaynted by this Acte and their Heires claiming any Inheritance by tjieym or any of theym foo Attaynted their Right Title & int'relfe of and in all such man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and all other Inheritements of which any of the said p'fones foo Attaynted was feilid by theymfilf or joyntly with other in man're aforesaid or in any otherwise to the Use C behofe of any other p'lone or p'jones not atteynted by this Acte the said fourth day And moreover it is Ordeyned and Eftabliihed by the said Advis Assent and Audtorite that ev'ry of the Wyfes of every of the said p'fone or p'fones now Iyvyng by this Adle Atteynted and every such Woman as was the Wyf of any of the said p!fones now dede by this Acte Attaynted whych Wyfes or other Wym

mcn

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Londj

men were born under the Obeifaunce of the Coroune of Englond in any place out of the Reame of France and of the Duchie of Normandie or born oute of this Reame and lawfully bigot ten by any Englislhmam after the Deth of their Husbondes frely enjoy have and poffede all their own Inheritauncez to theym and to their Heires other then been Attaynted by this Acte And all man'rs Londes C Tentez Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements whereof they or any of theym the said Fourth Day of March in any wise were seized or possessed in their own Right State or Possession or joyntly with any of their feid Husbondes or with any other p'fone or Perfones or of which any p'fone or p'fones were seized to the Use of any of the said Wymmen aft' the form and mannere and in like Astate as they or 'any of theym were Entitled in the same the said fourth Day and that duryng their A hates hit be not feifible into the Kynges hands nor the King to be Answered of any Ifliiez and Profittez therof the same Estates duryng by reason of this Acte And that it bee leefull to every of the .said Wyfes or and Wymmen and to every of theire Heires by this Ache not Attaynted to Entre into the same man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes possessions and other Inheritements into whos Possession soever they he seized or come as well uppon the Possession of the King oure sov'rayne Lord as uppon the Possession of any' other p'fone or p'fones by this Acte not Attaynted And theym and every of theym Hold and Enjoy to theym and to theyr heires by this Acte not Attaynted Accordyng to their Title and Interesse .in, the same Savyng to every of the Kynges Lieges and their Heires other than such as been Attaynted by this acte and their Heires enclaymyng any Inheritaunce by theym or any oftheym foo attaynted or other having any Title Right or Interesse in any of the same man'rs Londes ten'tes and Possessions or other Inheritaunce To the Use of any of theym foo Attaynted The Title Right and int'reffe of the same Lieges and their Heires of and in all such man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and all other Inheritements of which any of the said p'rfones foo Attaynted was seized by theymfilf or Joyntly with other the said fourth Day And also it is Ordeyned and Established by the said Advis Assent and Audiorite that yf any.of the said p'fones by this A die Atteynted have made eny Astate Feoffement or difcontynu ance of any Londes ten'tes Rents Possessions and other Inheritements wlierof they or any of theym were seized or possessed in the Right of any of their Wyfes at the time of such Estates Feoffments or Difcontinuanccs made to any p'fone or p'fones in any Wise that the said Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements be not comprised in this Acte but utterly be excepted and forprifed oute of the same and that the Right and Title ot ev'ry of the said Wyfes of and in all such Londes ten'tes Rentes Possessions and other Inheritements be and rest in ev'ry of the said Wyfes .and they to bee at her Accions and recov'ees of the'same and ev'ry parcell therof accordyng to the Cours of the com'.yn Law of Englond this Acte or any other Acte or Ordenaunce in this p'fent Parliament made or to be made not with ftandyng Savyng to every of the Kynges Lieges and his Heires other than the p'fones by this Act Attaynted and their Heires such Right and Title as he had to his own use and not to the Use of any of theym in man're aforesaid Attaynted or any of their heires attaynted by this Acte to any of the said Caftelles man'rs Londes ten'tes Rentes Services and other Premises aforesaid or into any Parcell therof Savyng also to all the Kynges Lieges and to their Heires and to ev'iy of theym other than such as been attaynted by, this Act and their heirs clayming by difcent by any or theym in man're aforesaid Attaynted such Title Right int'refle and Possession as they or any of theym have or the said XXIX Day of December or the said fourth day of March had in the Premises or any Parcell therof the said Duchie of lancaft'r and every Parcell and Membre therof Excepted other than they or any of theym have or the said XXIX Day or the said fourth day of March had in the Premises or any Parcell therof To the use and behofe of the said 'p'fones in man're aforesaid attaynted or any of theym or to the Use of the Heires of any of theym foo Attaynted. And also it is Ordeyned moreov'r by the said Advis Assent and Audtorite .that all Obligacions made of Statute m'rchaunt Statute of the Staple or otherwise suer tees & Reconyfaunces made to any of the said p'fones in the form aforesaid Attaynted To the ufo and behpfe of any of the Kynges Lieges other than any of theym in the form aforesaid Attaynted or to the Use or behofe of the Executors or Administrators of any p'fone now dede not Attaynted by this Acte be available to theym to whose Use Profitte or behofe the same Obligacions Suertees and Reconyfaunces were made and that no Right nor Duetee .growe to the King by reason of any such Obligacions Suertees or Reconyzaunces but that they to whose use profitte or behofe the same Obligacions Suertees or Reconyfaunces were made have and p'fue in their own names to their own Profitte and Avail! in all and every the Kyngs Courts all Accions Execucions and recov'rees though they bee not named in the lame in such man're and form as though the same Obligacions Suertees and Reconyfaunces weremade to theymfilf and yf anyobligacyons Suertees or Reconyfaunces were made to any of the said p'fones foo at raynted and to any other p'fone or p'fones by this Acte Attaynted To the Use or behoofe of the same other p'fones or any of the Kynges Lieges not named in this Adle that than all Accions Recoverees Suites and Execucions be hadde uppon such Obligacions Suertees and Reconyfauncez oonly by the said other p'fone or p'fones named in the same not Attaynted by this Acte or by their Executours or Admynyftratours withouten narnyng in the said Sutes Accions and Execucions any of the p'fones in the form aforesaid Attaynted and that noo man'r Right nor Duete growe to the King by reason of the said Obligacions Suertees or Reconyfauncez Savyng to every of the Kynges Lieges bounden in any of the said Obligacions Suertees and Reconyfaunces their Heires Executours & Admyniflratours and terreten'ntes and every of theym all manner Accions Sutes Plees and Discharges touchyng the same Obligacions Suertees and Reconnyzancez as they or any of theym had the first day of this p'fent Parliament Savyng also to every of the Kynges Lieges and to their heires not Attaynted and to the heyresof ev'ry their Right Title

■N 2 • roflefliun

92

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

Possession and lawful Entre or Entrees in and to all Caftells Honoures man'rs Londes ten'tes advou fons and all other p'miffes in man're aforesaid forfeited and every of theym of which they or any of theym were lawfully seized and possessed & the said p'fone or p'fones in man're aforesaid Attaynted or any of theym unlawfully' diffeifed and put oute Also it is Ordeyned by the said Advis Assent and auc torite that the King oure sov'rayne Lord make under his l'res Patentes sufficient & Alignments uppon the same Londes and Lyvelood of the Lord Hungerford and Moleyns that John Say John mer vyn Gregory Webby and other wherein they had State for the Payment and contentac'on of such Somes oh Money as to eny Marchaunt or Marchauntez or other p'fone or p'fones of this Londe Stondyng under the Kynges Obeyfaunce or his save Conduct been due by the said Lord Hungerford for eny payments made afore this time for his Fynaunce and also ccclviij'1. xvjs. iijd. Ob' yet owing of the jdette of the said Robert Son of Waulter yf the said some can be proved due. Quaqudem Cedula Coibz' Regni angl'in eodem parliamento exifien' Tranfportata suit Cui ijdem co'es Affenfum suum p'buerunt Sub hijs Verbis A Ceft Aft les c'oez fount Aflentuz quibus quidem Cedula et affens'm in Parliamento p'diifto Leftis Auditis et Plenius Intellects de Avifamento et Affenfu Dominor' Spualiu' et Tetnporalium in Ditfto Parliamento, exiften' Refpondebatur Sub hijs Verbis Le Roy Le Voet Provided alwey that this p'fent Able of Atteyndre Extend not northeast Stretch northeast hurt northeast be p'judiciall to John Newburgh in the Shire of Dorset Gentilman nor to his Heires of to or for the Manner of Sutton Poyntz with the appur teun'cez in the said Shire of Dorset nor any part thereof northeast of to or for the Hundred of Colyfordeftr' nor of to or for any part thereof nor of to or for any Lands and tene'nts with in Sutton Poyntz above feid nor of to or for any part therof nor of to or for the Right Title Entre or Possession of the' feid Johr. the which he hath or had to or yn the said ma'ner Hundred Lands & ten'tes & every Parcel thereof 'i'lie which ma'nor Hundred Lands and Tenements James late Erie of Wiltefhire had by Syne refid in the Court of Henry late y called King Henry the Sixth King of Englond in Debe in not of Right to the said James and to the Heires of his Body begoten and for defaulte of such Issue the Remayndre therof to the feyd John Newburgh and to his heires in fee for ev'more.

Ex Rotulo Parliament' de Anno r'ni Regis Edwardi quartiprimo.

ITEM Quedam Cedula formam Attus in Southeast continens Exhibita suit p'fato d'no Regi in Prefenti Parliamento fub eo qui Sequitur Tenore verbor' Forafmoche as Henry late King Henry the Sixth ayenft the Honoure, C

tancsjtr'l, TT be Declared and adjuged by the th'affent and advis of the Lords fp'uely and Temporely Dutbe, ip"' I and Comyns beyng in this present p'lement and by audiorite of the same that the said JL Henry late called Kmg Henry the Sixth for the Confideracions of the great haynoufe and detestable matters and offences afore fpecifyed by him comytted ayenft his feith and Liegeaunce to oure feid Liege Lord King Edward the fourth his true right wise and naturall Liege Lord offended and hurte unjuftely and unlawfully the Roiall Magefte of our said sov'ayne Lord and that yt be Ordayned and Stablished by the said Advis assent and audlorite that the same Henry forfeit unto the same our Liege Lord King Edward the fourth and to the said Coroune of Englond all Caftelys man'rs Lordships Touncs toune ships Honours Lands Tenements Rentes Services Feefermes Knyghtes Sees Advoufans Hereditaments and Peffeffions with their appurten'ces which he or any other to his Use had the Third Day of March last past beyng of lhe Duchie of Lancaftr' or that were any parcell or Mernbre of the same Duchie or thereunto unyed or an'exed in the first Year of the Reigne of Henry late called King Henry the fist or at any time Sith And that it be Ordeyned and Stablished by the said Advys assent and audloritie that the same man'rs Caftelles Lordships Honoures Tounes Tounefhips Lands ten'tes Rentes s'vices See Farmes Knyghtes Sees Advoufons Heredytaments and possessions with their Appurtenances in England Wales and Caleis and the Marches therof make and from the said fourth Day of March be the said Duchie of Lancaftr' Corporat and be called the Duchie of Lancaftr' and that oure said sov'ayne Lord. King Edward the fourth have sease take hold Enjoy and Enherit all the same Manoirs Caftelles and other Premises with their appurten'nces by the same Name of Duchie fro' all other his Enheritauncez separate fro' the said fourthe Day of March to him and to his Heires Kings of Englond p'petuelly and that the Counte of Lancaftr' be a Counte Palatyne and that oure Liege ana Soverayne Lord King Edward the fourth and his Heires have as parcell of the said Duchie the same County of Lancaftr' a Counte Palatyne and a Seal Chaunceller Juges & Officers there for the same and all inan're Libertees Cuftumes Laws Roiall and franchises in the same County Palatyne lawfully and rightwifely used and ov'r that ano' Seal called the Seal of the Duchie of Lancaftr' & a Chaunceller for the Kepyng therof Officers and Counceillours for the gidyng and Governaunce of the same Duchie and of the p'ticuler Officers Ministres ten'ntes and inh'itauntes therof in as great ample and large form as Henry callyng hymfelf Kyrag Henry the fist at any time therein had used or Enjoyed lawfully and that by the same au<5iori.te the said Officers and Ministres and also the ten'ntes & inh'itaunts of and in the same Duchie Rave use extreife & Enjoy such and all lib'tees fraunchifees Privileges & Cuftumes as the Officers Ministres

APPENDIX, 93

Rx Rot. in Turr. Lond.

niftres Tennantes and inh'itaunts of the same Duchie had used Exercised or enjoyed lawfully in the time of the same Henry callyng hymfelf King Henry the fist and that also in the same Duchie be used nad & Occupied all such fredomes lib'tees fraunchifes Cuftumes Privileges & jurifdic'cons as were used therein lawfully afore the said iiij Day of March and that the Officers Ministres ten'ntes & in h'itaunts of or in the said Duchie be Entreated and Demeaned according to the same fredoms lib'tees fraunchifes cuftumes Privilegs & jurifdic'cons & not Diftreyned arted or Compelled to the Contrary in anywise,,

made at Westminster, Anno 3 Edwardi IV and Anno Dom. 1463,

', 1, _ ‘ ' CAP. V

What kind of Apparel Men and Women of every Vocation and Degree are allowed, and

what prohibited to wear.

ITEM prierent les communes en le dit parliament aflemblez au nostre dit foverain Seignur le Roy de Rep. 22 Ed. 4, reducer a fa remembrance qe en les jours de fes nobles progenitours fuiflent faitz diverfez ordinaunces C '• & eftatuitz en ceft Roialme pur lapparell & arraie des communes dicell fibien des homes come des femmes y H‘ g' Illint qe null deux duiffet ufer.ne were null enordinant araie forfque foulement accordant a lour degrees Which liknoifc quelx eftatutz Sc ordinaunces nient contrifteantz pur defaute de punition Sc mettre diceux en due execution "re repealed t, y les communez du dit Roialme auxibien homes come femmes ount ufez Sc journement ufent exceffivsz Sc 1 jac' *'£, 2s' inordinantz araies a graund difpleacre Dieu enpoveriflement de ceft dit Roialme & enricher des Roialmes Sc pais eftraunges a finall destruction del hulbondrie de ceft dit Roialme Si nostre dit Seignur le Roy de ladvis Sc assent des ditz Seignurs espirituelx & temporelx & a la prier des ditz Communez en le dit parliament aflemblez & par laudtorite del mefme ad ordeigne & eftablie qe null chivaler defoubz leftate de Seignur autre qe enfantz des Seignurs northeast nulle femme dafeune tiel chivalier a le fest del Purification de nostre Dame qe ferra en land nostre Seignur Mille CCCC Ixv. were afeun manner draps dor ou afeuns maners corses overez oveqe or ou afeun furre de fables et ft afeun tiel chivalier face le contrary ou fuffire fa femme ou enfant mefme lenfant efteant defoubz fa rule ou gouvernement a fere le contrary qe lors il for face a chefcun defaute XX LI au Roi. Et auxi ad ordeigne & eftablie qe null baehelier chevalier northeast fa femme a le dit fest were afeun drap de velewet fur velewet forfqe tielx chevaliers qi font del order del Jartier & leur femmes fur pain de forfeire au Roy a chefcun defaut XX marcs. Et auxint ad ordeigne & eftablie qe nulle person defoubz leftate de Seignur a le dit fest were afeun manner drap de foie efteant de colour du purpull lur pain de 'forfeire au Roy a chefcun defaute X LI Et auxint ad ordeigne & eftablie qe null efquier northeast gentil home northeast null autre defoubz le degree de chevalier northeast null de leur femmes for fprifez fitz des Seignurs leurs femmes filles as Seignurs efquiers pur le corps du Roy Sc leurs femmes use ou were a le dit fest afeun velewet fatain fugeree ou afeun countrefet drap de foie refemblant a le mefme ou afeuns corses overez refemblantz a velewet ou a fatain fugeree ou afeun pellure dermyne fur pain de forfeire au chefcun defaute X marcs au nostre dit Seignur le Roy. Et enouftre ad ordeigne & eftablie qe null efquier northeast gentil home northeast null autre home northeast femme defoubz les degrees defuis reherfez use ou were a le dit fest afeun damafke ou fatain forfprifez efquiers meinalx fergeantz officers dell hoftell du Roy vad lettes del corone vadlettes del chamber du Roy & efquiers Sc gentilz homes aiantz possessions al annuell value de XL LI & leur femmes & vieus eiantz semblables possessions & files demariez des perfones eiantz possessions al value de C LI par an fur pain de forfeire au Roy a chefcun defaute cent fous. pur veu toutz foitz qe le Senefchall Chamberlein Treforer Sc Countrollour del Hoftell du dit Roy Sc fes tren cheours & chevaliers pur son corps Sc leurs femmes puissent user & were furres de fables Sc ermyns et qe les Maires del Citee de Loundrcs qi font ou ount eftez ou enapres pur le temps ferront Sc leurs femmes puissent user Sc were tiel araie come devaunt eft limit as bacheler chevaliers & a leurs femmes et qe tieux queux font ou ount eftez ou pur le temps ferront Aldermen ou Recordes de mefme la Citee et auxi qe toutz maires & vifeountz des citees villes & burghs diceft Roialme tieux queux font countees corporez & toutz maires & baillifs de toutz autres citees & de chefcun de les cynque portes Sc les barons des mef mes les portes tieux queux ount eftez efluz Sc aflignez ou en temps avenir ferront efluz Sc assignez a fere lour service en la coronation du Roy ou de Roigne & maires & baillifs des burghs corporez efteantz fhirc townes & les maires & baillifs de Colcheftre & Lynne & les recorders de Icz d; tz citees burghs & villes efteantz countees corpores & de toutz autres citees ore efteantz recorders ou queux ount eftez ou enapres ferront Sc les aldermen diceux & leurs femmes en semblable manner puissent user Si were tiel araie come devaunt eft limitez as efquiers & gentilz homes devaunt especifiez eiantz possessions del annuell value de XL LI Et auxint ad ordeigne Sc eftablie qe null home forfqe tiel qi ad possession al annuell value de XL LI ou a defuis use ou were a le dit fest afeuns furres de martrons letufe pure grey ou pure meniver northeast null femme fitz file ou fervaunt dafeun tiel home mefmes les fitz & file efteantz en fa rule & governement northeast null femme vieu forfqe tiel qe ad possessions du dit annuell value de XL LI use ou were afeuns de les ditz furres ou afeun ceindturc garnifle oveqe or ou oveqe argent en afeun part dicell fuiforfe ou afcune eorfe de foie salt hors de ceft Roialme ou afeun coverchief dont le price dun p ite paffera le somme de iij, s. iiij. d. fur pain de forfeire au Roy pur chefcun defaute en cynqe marcs. Purveu toutz foitz qe les ditz efquiers

menialx

04

A P

P E N D 1 X

Ex Rot. in Tisit. Lond.

fnihialjc fergeantz officers del Hoftell du' Roy vadlettes del corone vadlettes del cha mbt'e du Roy 61 t iquieys k gefitibc homes eiantz paffeffiions du dit armaell value de XL LI & les avauntditz mairs recorders aldermen viscountz & baillifs de chefcun de les ditz citees villes & burghs les ditz barons de les cydqd .portes & leur femmes puissent user k were les ditz furres de martrons fifties lewfe pure grey ou ptive meivvyef & auxi qe leur ditz femmes puissent user k were ceindtures fuiforres k coverchtefs del price dust plite de cynqe fouidz. Et enoultre ad ordeigne k cftablie qe null hemme forfqe tiel qi ad possessions dannuell value de XL s. use northeast were en araie pur son corps a )e dit fell afcun fustian buftian northeast fustian de Napuls scarlet drap en graine northeast nulle pellure forfqe dagnell noire ou dagnell blanc toutz maires aldermen viscountz barons de les cynqe portz baillifs des citees & burghs & autres pardevaunt purveuz k leur femmes k les menialx fervauntz de yeomens degree des Seignurs chevaliers efquiers k autres gen tilx homes eiantz possessions du dit annuell value de XL LI exceptz fur pain de forfeire au Roy a chefcun defaute XL s. Et auxi ad ordeigne k eftablie qe null vadlet northeast null autre person defoubz cell degree a le fest de feint Peer appelles ladvincle qi ferra en land nostre Seignur Mille CCCC Ixv. use northeast were en araie pur son corps afcuns bolfters northeast ftuffe de laine coton northeast cadas nautre ftuffure en son parer point sauf linure accordant al mefme fur pain de forfeire au Roy al chefcun defaute yj. s. viij. d. Et oultre ad ordeigne k eftablie qe null chevalier defoubz leftate de Seignur efquier gentil home nen autre perlone use ou were a le fest de toutz faintz qi ferra en lan nostre Seignur Mille CCCC Ixv. afcun goune jaket ou clothe fil northeast soit de tiel longeure come cell celluy efteant toutdroit covera fes privez membres & buttoks fur pain de forfeire au Roy al chefcun defaute xxs. Etauxi ad ordeigne k eftablie qe null taillour face apres mefme le fest au afcun person afcun goune jaket ou clothe de meindre longeure ou perpoint ftuffe contrary a les premeffes fur mefme la pain a chefcun defaute. Et auxi ad ordeigne & eftablie qe null chevalier defoubz leftate de Seignur efquier gentil home ou autre person use northeast were a le dit fest de feint Peere afcuns folers ou boteaux eiantz pikes paffantz la iongeur de deux poutz fur pain de forfeire au Roy al chefcun defaute quarant deniers. Et auxi ad ordeigne & eftablie qe ft afcun cornefer face afcuns pikes des folers ou boteaux apres le dit fest de feint Peere au afcun des ditz perfones contrary a cell ‘ ordenaunce forface enfement au Roy a chefcun defaute qarant deniers. Et auxint ad ordeigne & eftablie par la dit audforite qe null fervaunt de hufbondrie. northeast commune labourer northeast fervaunt au afcun artificer enhabiiant hors del citee ou burgh apres le dit fest de toutz feintz use northeast were en lour vesture afcun drap dount le brodeyerde paffera en price ijs. Northeast qe alcun mefmes les fcrvauntes ou labourers fuffre afeune de leurs femmes dufer ou werea mefme le fest afcun vesture de pluis hault price qe eft devaunt limit a lour barons northeast qe ceux fuffrent afeune de leurs ditz femmes apres .‘mefme le fest dufer ou were afcuns coverchrefs' dont le price del plite paffera doufze deniers. Nc qe afcun de les mefmes fcrvauntes northeast labourers puis mefme le sell use ou were afcuns chaufez clofez northeast afcuns chaufcs dont le pair paffera en price xiiij. d. Northeast qe les mefmes fervauntez ou labourers northeast null de leurs femmes a mefme le fest were afcun ceinilure garnifte dargentfur; pain de forfeire pur chefcun defaute au Roy XL deniers. Et pur ceo qe les ctnrerchiefs joumement apporres eh cell roiahhe'enducent'^raund charge & cost en le mefme & en effect ent gast: nostre dit Seignur le ro'y par lfoilorite fuifdit ad ordeigne'& eftablie qe null perfone1 apres le fest de feint michelllarchangle qi feifa ‘ en land Seignur Mille CCCC Ixv. ffcnde en afetme part dedeinz ceft Roialme afeune lawne fiifels umple ou afcun autre rnanerc des coverchiefs 'dount le price dun plite paffera X s. fur pain de forfeire au'roy pur chefcun plite venduz a pluis haulte price xiij. s. iiij.'d. Et auxint ad ordeigne & eftablie qe les justices de peas de chefcun countee maires des citees & burghs dedeinz ceft Roialme aient audloritc k poiar denquerrer oier k terminer toutz k chefcun de les ditz defautes k forfaitui'es fibien par enquerre come par due examination de chefcun de les ditz offendours contrary a Ceft ordenaunce k les matiers k causes les ditz offences k forfaitures concemantz a terininer.par semblable proceffc k en fcmblables manner k fourme devaunt atteindre en cell party come' par ceux eft ufu'elment u'fcz tie trespass faite 'ove'force & arms encontre la peax du Roy et puis.latteindre semblable execution. Et fi afeune matier touchant afcun de les dit offences soit remoevez dalcun de les avaunt ditz justices de peas ou maires devaunt le Roy qe adonqes les Justices as plees devaunt le roya teniers aient poiar degarder tielx proceffe k execution en cell party come devaunt eft liniitez. Et auxint ad ordeigne k eftablie qe toutz les ditz forfaitures k chefcun deux soient levez appliez & em ploiez.al ocps & expenses del Hoftell nostre dit Seignur le Roy. Purveu toutz foitz qe ceft orde naunce darraie en null manner prejudice nendamage afeune person dc ou pur user ou weryng dafeun ornament vesture ou apparaill en faisant divine service k a iccll entendant northeast ce ceft ordenaunce extenders Justices dafeun des Bancs du Roy Master ou Gardein ties Rollcs Maiftres del chauncel larie du Roy Barons Defchequer du Roy northeast Chaunceller dicell qi ore font ou enapres ferront northeast as afcuns deux. Purveu enfement qe les foolers des Univerfitees cefty Roialme k feelers dafcune uni veriite hors de ceft Roialme puissent user & were tiel araie conic ceux puissent user k were folonc la rule de les ditz Univeriiteez ceft ordenaunce nient contrifteant. Purveu auxi qe henfmen heroldes purcy vauntez fwerdeberers as maires meffagers & miniftrelles nafeun deux northeast jouers en lour cntreludes northeast fojnt comprifez en ceft ordenaunce northeast afeune person come pur weryng dafeuns burfes pauteners ou corounes pur cappes des enfauntz soit en afcun manner comprise en iccll. Purveu auxi qe ceft ordenaunce en null manner extende au afcun manner darraie deftre neceffarement ufez en guerre ou en foetes del mefine. 8

Statutes

95

A P P E N D I; X

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 4 Edw. IV and Anno Dom. 1464.

. ... CAP. II

From what Places, and on what Conditions, English Woolls shall be exported to Calais.

Ex - Rot. in Eurr. Lond.

ITEM qe come les nobles progenitours nostre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy par graund Sc mature ad OB.

vis Sc diverse actes du parliament en longtemps paflez ordeignerent Sc ftablierent ung staple deftre a h. 6. C I.': Caleis a lentent qe toutz les leines Sc pealx lanutz Sc autres merchandises dc cert Roialme appellez mer,, Hi 6. e. s. chandifes de la staple queux ferroient eskippez de pafler hors de ceft Roialme ferroient cariez au dit efta ple St a null autre lieu St tancome y fuift iftint ufez Caleis eftoit en graund fuertee St ceft terre come es les cominoditees dicell en graund profperite jufques ore tardeqe par eftraungez St finiftrez moiens plufours Sc diverses licences des laines Sc pealx lanutz ount este grauntez Sc executez libien cn le noun du Roy come autrement Sc ount paflez en les parties doutre le mere as autres lieux qe au dit staple Sc vepduz a mefmes les perfones queux turent accuftumez de venir au dit staple dachater leines Sc pealx lanutz illeoqes et auxi diverses perfones ount graundement ufez deskipper laines Sc pealx lanutz hors de ceft Roialme afcuns co vertement par nuyt Sc afcuns overtement par force faunz paier ent au Roy cuftume ou fubfidie Sc ceux carier as autres lieux qe au dit staple Sc eux ount venduz as perfones accutiumez dachater laines Sc pealx lanutz au dit staple par queux nonduez moiens graundes damages Sc enconveniences ount accruez au nostre dit Soveraigne Seignur le Roy Sc ceft son Roialme Sc a la faufgarde de fa dite ville Sc marches ij leoqcs.si nostre dit Seignur le Roy les premiflfcs considerez par les ditz. advis assent request St aqftorite ad graunte ordeigne Sc eftablie qe toutz laines pealx lanutz (horlyng Sc morlyng queux ferront eskippez. de pafler hors de cell: Roialme apres le fest de Paske qi ferra en land nostre Seignur Mille CCCCLXV. soient eskippez a les villes de tielx portes es queux le Roy ad son beme fez poifes Sc colleftours de cuftume a servir Sc deliverer les merchauntes ceftaflavoir a les villes de Pole Suthampton Checheftre san dewice London Ippefwyche Boston Hull Lynne Sc en null autre lieu creke ou port les laines Sc pealx lanutz deftre eskippez en galeis Sc carrakes Sc en null autre vefleau de pafler hors de ceft Roialme parrnye les ftreites de Marrok forfprifes. Et qe par mefme lauftorite chefcune person qe ifljnt eskippera ou ferra deskipper hors de ceft Roialme afcuns laines pealx lanutz fhorlyng ou morlyng apres le dit fest fur leskippefon diceux Sc avaunt qils paflent hors dafeun de les ditz villes lou ils ferront eskippez trove fuffifant fuertee au Roy et a les colleftours de. fa cuftume illeoqes pur le temps efteantz qe mefmes les laines pealx lanutz (horlyng Sc morlyng pafleront au Caleis Sc a null autre lieu faunz fraud ou collusion.

Et auxi par mefme lauftorite ordeigoez eft qe chefcune person qe iflint eskippera laines pealx lanutz fhorlyng ou morlyng al Caleis amefne deinz xij. mois profeheins enfuantz apres tiels eskipfon en lefche quer du Roy illeoqes deftre entrez de record une certificat de celluy qeft ou pur le temps ferra appellez le cuftumer du Roy al port illeoqes tefmoignant le venue de toutz tielx niefs oveqe laines pealx lanutz (horlyng ou morlyng a Caleis. Etauxi ordeignez eft par la dite auftoriteqefi mefme le cuftumer al portnedelivere mye a le merchaunt amerifnaunt laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng a Caleis due certificat apres le fourme de ceft aft deinz viij. jours apres due request de cep a )uy salt forface a le pofleflbur de les ditz laines pealx lanuz (horlyng du niorlyng au chefcun temps qil refufera de fair Sc liverer autiel certificat cent livres et fil qi iflint eskippera laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng deftre eueza Caleis nainefne pas en lefehequer au Roy le certificat come defuis eft recitee Sc illeoqes ceo en overt Court offre devaunt les Treforer Sc Barons du Roy de mefme lefehequer pur le temps efteantz deftre entrez de record deinz les xij. mois ou ft afeune person face contrary a la dite ordenaunce qil forface toutz tielx laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng ifljnt eskippez contrary a la dit ordenaunce dount il namefne pas eins le certificat come devaunt eft recitee ou le value ent June moite deftre emploiez a lexpenfes del Hoftiel du Roy Sc lautre moite a tie! person qe fuera pur ceo en cede parte eftant maire de la staple du Roy au Caleis al temps de tiel suit commence et qil en ceft cas poet fuer action de dette de les ditz laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng iflint forfaitz ou de le value ent a fa election envers tie! person ou perfones qe ou quelles iflint ferra ou ferront le contrary de dite ordenaunce la dite action deftre pris Sc chefcun issue en icell joynez deftre triez en le countee lou les ditz laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng ferront eskippez forfprife qe fi afeun issue soit pris en la dit action fur loffrant de la dit certificat qil soit trie en le countee lou la dite Court defehequer pur le temps ferra Sc qe. mefme le procefle soit Sc gife en autiel action come eft Sc giften action de dette a la commune Lay et qe null efloine northeast protection gife ou soit alloue ou adjugge pur le defendaunt en tiel action et qe tout soit le pleintif en tiel action soit discharge de fondit office de maire pendaunt mefme laftion qil poet mainteigner Sc fuer la dite suit la dite discharge nient obftant. Purveu toutz foitz qe ft afcuns laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng en la dit fourme deftre eskippez soient prises oveqe enemies fur le mere ou illo.cqes peris ou perduz par enfortune Sc tiel perifment prise ou perde soit trove ou prove devaunt les Treforer Sc Barons du Roy pur le temps efteantz par examination des perfones ou person qe ou quelles iftint eskippera ou eskipperont tielx laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng ou lour executours ou ij. credibles perfones jurez ou autres refonables teif rnoignes Sc proves teifmoignauntz mefmes les laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng iflint perduz prises ou peris qe nulle person pur nulles tielx laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng enli perduz prises ou peris soit endamage ou en afeun manner prejudice par ccft act. Purveu auxi qe les laines pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng tantfolement de la crefiance entre les eaues de Tefe Sc Twede Northumbcrlond cum berlond Weftmerlond levefchee de Durham Richemcndlhire Sc Northaldertonlhire puil'fent eftre eskippez en le port de Noes Chaftell fur Tyne de pafler a leur libertee ceft aft nient obftant*

f A P P E N D I X

CAP. III

Certain Woolls, Sells, isc. which may be exported from Newcajlk to the Staple at Calais. Penalty on those who do contrary to this Ordinance.

Ex Rot: in Eurr. Lond.

- '. / 1,

3 Ed". 4. C i. Y TEM pur ceo qil eft entendue Sc conue pur certein qe diverses perfones par eux mefmes leur satie

KH. 4. C 5. j1 ours h lervauntz achatent Sc coillent laines Sc pealx lanuz ftbien Ihorlyng come morlyng del creiflance imcbareexpi deles countees deverwik Nicholl & Notyngham Sc ceux cariount al port Sc ville de Noes Chaftell Sc illoeqes mefmes les laines Sc pealx lanuz come laines Sc pealx lanuz del croiflaunce del pais entre les eaues detefe & Twede & de Northumberlond Cumberlond Weftmerlond Richemondlhire northal dertonlhire Sc levefchee de Durham & par colour dent eskippent & causent deftrc eskippez Sc cariez as lieux doutre le mere autres qe a la staple de Caleis par qoi nostre Seignur le Roy eft graundement deceu de fez cuftume & fubfidie encontre les ftalutes en tiel cas purveuz a'graund damage du roy Sc de ceft son Roialme Sc de fez fubgiettz dicell Si nostre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy par ladvis Sc assent des ditz seig nurs Sc Communez Sc par la dite audiorite voet & ordeignet qe nulle person eskippe ou face deftre eskippez a les ditz port Sc ville afcuns laines ou pealx lanuz fhorlyng ou morlyng del creflance dafcun countee ou pais autres qe del creflance del pais entre les ditz eaues ou dafcun de les ditz countees de Northumberlond Cumberlond Weftmerlond Richemondelhire Northaldertonlhire ou del dit Evefchee et ft afcune person eskippe ou face deftre eskippez al dit ville ou ■ port afcuns laines pealx lanuz Ihorlyng ou morlyng del creiflance dafcun countee ou pais autre qe de la pais entre mefmes les eaues ou de les ditz countees de Northumberlond Cumberlond Weftmerlond Richemondlhire Northaldertonlhire ou de le dit Evefchee deftie cariez au afeun lieu doutre le mere autre qe al dite staple de Caleis forface le double de le verraie value de mefmes les laines Sc pealx lanuz iflint eskippez Sc nient cruez entre les ditz eaues northeast en null de les ditz countees de Northumberlond Cumberlond Weftmorlond Richemondlhire Northaldertonlhire ou en le dit Evefchee dount nostre dit Seignur le Roy davoir June moite et celuy qi voille fuer en ceft parte lautre moite et qe ftbien le Roy come celuy qi voille fuer en ceft party aiet son, recovere par action de dette la dite action deftre pris &. chefcun ifliie en ceo deftre joyne soit trie en le countee deverwik Sc non pas en la dite ville northeast en afeun de les.ditz counteez de Northumberlond Cum, berlond Weftmerlond northeast dafcun vifne des ditz Richemondlhire Northaldertonlhire ou de le dit Evefchee & semble procefle deftre eue en mefme ladtion licorne eft communement use en action de dette. Sc qe le defendaunt en ceft cas aiet null avantage par afcune effoine ou protection northeast northeast soit admis de gager la lay,

* -. V I

■ CAP. IV V

..........: * • .r •• 1 • •;

A Restraint for Three Years of the Custom of contradling for Wool in certain Counties before it is (horn, unless it be used for Cloth or Yarn. ' 1 — • •

EXP.

4h. C IT. nz H. S. C i. 37 H. C 15.

which ere aljo exfiredt

ITEM qe come par fubtielx bargeins faitz en achater des laines devaunt qe les berbizes qi ceo portent soient tonduz les faifours de draps de ceft Roialme bien pres nulles a venders trovere poiont a graund dolour de toutz ceux qi ount este acctiftumez davoir leur vivre par le moien de faifance de drap. Si nostre dit Seignur le Roy de ladvis Sc aftent des ditz Seignurs & a la request des ditz Communez & par lauc. torite fuifdit ad ordcigne Sc eftab!ie qe nulle person par luy mefme ou afeun autre achate ou bargeine a le xviij. jour de March qi ferra en land nostre Seignur Mille cccclxiiij. afcuns laines adonqes nient tonduz ou preigne promes du bargein dafeuns laines donqes nient'tonduz'del creiltance de Berkelhire Oxenfordlhire Glouceltrelhire Shropshire Herefordlhire Wurceftrefliire Wiltelhire Somersetlhire dorset lhire Hamplhire Elfex Herifordftiire Cambrigge Norff' Suff' Kent Surr' & Sufiex ou afcuns de ceux juf qes le fest de feint Bartilmewe donqe' profenein enfuant ou achate afcuns laines ou preigne promes du bargeine dafeuns laines queux accrefceront en afcuns de mefmes les countees lan profeheine enfuant le dit Vest devaunt mefme le fest adonqe profehein enfuant ou en semble manner achate afcuns laines oii preigne promes de bargeine dafeuns laines queux accrefceront en" afeun de les ditz countees lan delors prolcheine enfuant mefme le fest tanqe mefme le fest alors profehein enfuant qi 'fest ferra en land nostre Seignur Mille cccclxvij. mes folement tielx perfones quelles de les ditz laines ferront ou facent dire salt hie ou drap deinz ceft Roialme fur pain del forfaiture de le double value de toutz les laines achatez ou achaters ou a bargainers ou prifez par promes de bargeine en conti arie de ceft ordenaunce lune moite ent deftre eue al oeps du Roy. & lautre moite ental oeps celluy qi voile filer en ceft parte et qe chefcun iierfone qe fuer voet en ceft party aiet action de dette de la dite forfaiture & autiel procefle en mefme laelion come eft eue en aflion de dette et qe null eflbine ou' protection soit allouable pur le defendaunt en cell aiflion northeast qe le dit defendaunt cn icell soit admis de gager say lay.

S

APPENDIX

97

CAP. V

Merchandises from the Duke of Burgundy's Countries prohibited, till English wrought Clothes

are received there.

Ex Ret. in Turn. Lond.

ITEM pur taunt qe certein declaration & ordenaunce en fourme del statute a toutz jours dendurer C i

jammes a rcpeller & proclamations dicell nadgaires furent faitz par !e Due de Burgoigne en les parties H h'. 6. C t! Brabant Holond & Zeland & autres fes Seignouries qe de cel temps enaviunt toutz maners draps lanuz file lanuz faitz & overez en le Roialme dengleterre fuiffent bannuz hors de les terres le dit Due ceftaf savoir Burgoyn Lotryk Brabant & Leneburgh Flaundres Artois Henewede Holand Zeland Namier le markefhip de feint Empere Frizeland Malynes les terres doutre le ryver del Mafe & generalment hors de toutz fes autres terres & Seignuries iffint qe apres la dit proclamation null tie! drap ou file ferroiet amefnes venduz deftributz illeoqes et fi apres cell temps afeun tiel drap ou file ferroiet illeoqes trove qe ceo ferroiet arse come chose bannez oveqe certeins autres eftroites punisthementes en mefmes les proclamations & ordenaunce especifiez dount par tout semblance les faifours de draps lanuz deins cell: Roialme come tift ours fullours tindtours peignerelfes cardours cardoureffes & filereffes & autres perfoncs excerceantz la dite faifance de drap & auxi les achatours & vendours dicell ferroient deftitutz des occupations & deve nuz tant udifs le quel les provoqueroit a pecchie & mavais vie qe Dieu defende. Noftre dit Seignur le Roy les premises considerez ad par ladvis assent request & fuifditz ordeigne & eftablie qe null deinzein de ceft Roialme northeast afeun marchant eftraunge de le sell de la purification de nostre dame qe ferra en land nostre Seignur Mille cccclxiiij. folonc laccomputation del efglife dengleterre amefne convoie ou carie ou cause prive ou apert deftre amefnez convoiez ou cariez en ceft Roialme Gales ou Irlond af cuns maners merchandises ou biens del crefiance overaigne ou fefance de les terres & parties de Burgoigne Lotryk Brabant Leneburgh Flaundres Artois Henaude Holand. Zeland Namier le Markelhip de feint Empere Frizeland Malynes les terres doutre la river de la Mafe ou dafeuns autres terres ou Seignouries queux le dit Due tient ou occupiet ou dafeun diceux. Northeast qe afeun tiel deinzein ou merchaunt eftraunge vende ou uttre en afeune parte du dit Roialme Gales ou Irlond a le dit fest afeuns tielx merchandises ou biens autres qe tielx queux ount este achatez devaunt le dit fest en alcun de les ditz parties toutz maners vitailles forfprifez. Et auxi forfprifes biens Sc merchandises prises par afeuns lieges du Roy fur le mere faunz fraud covine ou male engyne fur pain del forfeiture de les ditz biens Sc merchandises iffint amefnes ou enfi venduz Sc achatez apres Ie dit fest ceftaflavoir June rnoite ent au nostre dit Seignur le Roy Sc [autre moite ent a celluy qi primerement feifera mefmes les biens Sc merchandises en qecor.qes mains qils soient trovez jufqes au temps qe due continuell reformation foiet eue Sc salt par le dit Due de les ditz declaration Sc ordenaunce de bannesfhement en tiel manner qe tout manner drap de laine Sc file de laine faitz Sc affairs deins le Roialme dengleterre Gales Sc Irlond poient venir eftre amefnez Sc acceptz en les avauntditz parties de Burgoigne Lotrik Brabant Leneburgh Artois Henaude Holand Zeland Namier le Marquefhip de feint Empere Frizeland Malynes les terres doutre leaue de la Mafe & toutz autres terres & Seignuries le dit Due & en chefcun diceux illoeqcs deftre utteres venduz expenduz uses wered Sc diftributz al election del pofleflour dicell ou son fadtour en cell party & illoeqes Sc de dela faunz empechement de le dit Due ou afeun autre son officer en afeun de les ditz terres Sc parties a cariers. Sc convoiers al afeune autre party al election le dit pofleftour ou factour fi franchgment come ceux furent amefnes caries ou convoiez devaunt les proclamations de les ditz declaration Sc ordenaunce par le dit Due faitz. Et auxi ad ordeigne par le dit audlorite qe toutz maners merchauntz eftraunges aiantz af cuns tielx maners merchandises ou biens de la dite crefiance overaigne ou fefance efteant cn afeun vef feau en nulle part de ceft Roialme Gales ou Irlond en eskippez Sc nient mifez a terre ou fi afeuns tielx merchandises ou biens soient mifez a terre en afeune part le dit Roialme apres le dit fest qe toutz tielx merchandises Sc. biens soient toutoutrement voidez hors de ceft Roialme Gales & Irlond deinz XL jours profeheins apres la proclamation salt far ceft ordenaunce deir.z la Citee de Loundres fur pain del, forfeiture de les ditz biens Sc merchandises lune moite dent au Roy & lautre rnoite a celluy qi primerement feifera afeuns tielx biens ou merchandises. Et qe overt proclamation de ceft ordeignaunce soit fast devant le xviije jour de March qi ferra en land nostre Seignur defuis cspecifie deinz la Ciree de Loundres Sc autres Jieux necessaries St convenientz et 111 aviendra afeun suit ou action eftrq prise Sc pursue par cause dafeune tiel feifine en quell afeun issue crncernant ceft ordenaunce ferra pris qe le dit ift'ue soit triable Sc tricz en le countec Sc del yifne lou le dit feifine ferra eue Sc en null autre lieu. Et pur ceo qil eft graundement doutcc qe la dit reftreint durant les biens & merchandises faitz & accrue, en les avauntditz terres de le dit Due do Burgoigne en ceft Roialme efteantz ou en iccll amefners & deinz ceo deftre mis a vende par les vendours diceux ferroient exaltez & pofez a trefexceffive price quel tourneroit al grey ous damage de le commune poeple de ceft Roialme pur ceo ordeignez eft par la dite auclcrite qe ia dite reftreint durant chefcun maire baillif & autre chief governor de chefcun citee burgh & ville C les go vernours de chefcun feire & merchee hors de citee burgh & ville deinz ceft Roialme fur compleint aflairc al afeun deux par afeun des lieges le Roy de tiel exaltation & position dexceffive price ai.et & aient audio rite & poair deinz lour jurisdiction de fair par due ferche examination & prove eue en cell party auticl direction & reformation come par ladvis de deux homes diferetes de chefcun tiel citee burgh ou ville par chefcun maire'baillif cu autre chief governor avauntdit a ceo anommers folonqe lour confidences &' discretions en la fatisfaeftion & reifnable amendes de la party enfi cbmpleiguaunt verra fefonable. Et ceft APPEND. O • ordenaunce

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Lond.

ordenaunce dendurer a] voluntie & pleafir du Roy. Purveu'toutz foitz qe northeast ceft at northeast afcun autre adfe ftatut oil ordenaunce salt ou affair en ceft present parliament face afcun damage prejudice ou derogation as marchauntz Dalmaigne eiantz la meafon appellez communement Guyldhalla Teutonicorum en la Citee de Loundres queux merchauntz ore font deinz ceft Roialme ou afeuns parties defoubz lobeifaunce du Roy ou qe enapres ferront ou repaireront en le mefme de ou cn afeuns fraunchifes freedoms lifcertees immuni toes ou afeune autre chose par les progenitours dti Roy grauntez par leur letters patentz as merchauntez dalmaigne eiantz la dite meafon appellez communement Guyldhalla Teutonicorum en la dite Citee de Loundres northeast des afeuns grauntes oil conformations cn afcun manner par nostre dit Seignur le Roy faitz par fez teveralx letters patentz as marchauntz daimaigne eiantz la dit meafon appellez comimmement Guyldhalla Teutonicorum en la Citee de Loundres par quelconqes nouns ils soient nommez ou appellez et qe toutz les di'.z letters patentz soient en tout tiel force & effeift & vigour & availlablez a les merchauntz eiantz la dit meafon appellez communement Guildhalla Teutonicorum en la Citee de Loundres ficonre les furent devaunt la fefure diceft act ou afcun autre act statute ou ordenaunce faitou affair en ceft present parliament.

CAP. IX

patten makers may make Pattens of such Afp as is not fit for Shafts.

ITEM la compaignie de la meftiere de patenmakers de Citee de Loundres piteoufment compleig naunt monftreient en le dit parliament de les grevous leedes perdes Si damages qe autres perfones en temps pass de mefine la meftiere ore mortz Si ils de long temps ount portez & fufteignuz Si decy enapres de porter & fufteigner creignerit par force dune statute salt en le temps de Henry le quint nadgairs Roy dengleterre en salt & nient de droit par auclorite de son parliament tenuz en land son reigne quart par quell ftatuit ordeigne fuift & eftablie qe Jes patenmakers deinz le Roialme dengleterre de cell temps enavaunt northeast ferroient pateines northeast clogges de mahereme appellez afpe fur pain de paier au Roy C s. a chefcun foitz qe les ditz patenmakers fount afeuns pateins ou clogges du dit mahereme et qe chefcun qi voet fuer pur le Roy eit June moite de la pain iffint forfait parenfi qe les fiecchers parmye le Roialme vendent ieur feetes a pluis ease & price qils northeast foloicnt vendre come en le dit eftatuit eft conteig nuz pluis au plain. Et coment auxi le dit mahereme de afpe eft le pluis meillour & pluis legier mahereme clent a fair pateins & clogges & pluis aifie pur le were de toutz estates gentilx & toutz autres gentz dnfeun mahereme qe croit & devaunt la faifure du dit eftatuit les ditz patenmakers furent fi francs & a tant large libertie dachatier tout manner de mahereme dafpe & a fair ent pateins & clogges ficome a cell temps & a toutz temps ount eftez & encore font tout manner de people des arts & occupations des tumours carpenters woodemongers & charboners qi occupient expendent & guaftent annuelment en Ieur occupations grant quantite de tout manner de mahereme dafpe fibien tiel mahereme dafpe qe server voet a fair ent feetes come le qe server northeast voet a icell & null reftreint eft salt purceux ou afcun deux en le contrary & trop mult mahereme dafpe y eft qe en null manner server northeast voet as fiecchers de fair ent feetes quelle eft fi sufficient & & accordaunt deftre salt en pateins & clogges come eft le remenaunt du dit mahereme eflre salt es feetes et les ditz patenmakers northeast nofent doccupier afcun part du dit mahereme northeast une nautre pur peur del forfeiture du dite pain con'eignuz en le dit eftatuit quell eft graund damage a les ditz patenmakers & null availe a les ditz fiecchers & le commune people parmye le Roialme graundement perent difeafez. Pur qoy nostre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy les premiffez considerez par ladvis & assent des ditz Seignurs espirituelx & temporelx & a la prier des ditz Communez & par la fuif dit auiftorite ad ordeigne qe a toutz foitz enapres bien life a ies patenmakers de ceft Roialme de fair pateins de tiel part de mahereme de afpe qe nest apt sufficient northeast accordaunt deftre faitz en fetes & ceo pur le commune bien et qe au tauntz de foitz qe afcun patenmaker apres le fest del Pafque qi ferra en land nostre Seignur Mille CCCCLXV. ferra afeuns pateins ou clogges de tiel part del mahereme de afpe quelle ferra able Si sufficient deftre faitz en fetes forface a chefcun foitz XL s. lune moite ent au Roy & lautre moite ent a celluy qi fuer voet en cell party.

CAP. X

What Persons shall take Passage or land at Dover in Kent only, and who no t.

Rvp. II jac. r. ITEM qt come le noble Roy Edward le tierce progenitour nostre foveraigne Seignur le Roy qoreft C 28. JL apres le conquest del ville de Caleis en son parliament tenuz en land son reigne ixe ordeigna en relief

Ed. 3. ft, 2. & comforte de la ville de Dovorr une des villes de cynk portes en le countee de Kent qe null mers.

' ' ehaunt pelrine northeast null autre person ou perfones cheval ou bessie priegneroit afcun passage envers la ville de Caleis a null pert ou lieu deinz le counte de Kent mes foulement a le port de la dite ville de Dovorr et auxi qe null merchaunt pelrine northeast null autre person ou perfones chival ou befte veigneroit de Caleis au null port eh Kent foi foulement al dit port de la dite ville de Dovorr forfprifez fouldeours & mar ehauntes venantz & alantz ove leur niefs frettez ove merchsundifcs faunz ceo qil fuift par commaunde mept du Roy ou autrement qils furent enchacez ou artez de prendre afcun autre lieu ou port par tempest. Auxi ordeigne fuift Si eftablie par audforite dune autre parliament tenuz en le trefzime an du Roy Ri,, 1.1. CHARD je second qe tout passage ferroiet guard al dite ville de Dovorr en les manner & fourme avaunt

reciteez

Rep. T Jac. 1.

a. z5‘

4h. 5. C 3.

99

APPENDIX.

Ex Rot. Turn. in Lond.

reciteez k en null autre lieu deinz mefme le countee du Kent ficorne illeoqes ad este use k accuftume par reason de les premiffez jufqes ore tarde cedes nient contrilleantz diverses pelrins merchauntz & au tres perfones queux northeast font inye fouldeours ove chivaux k autres belles de puisne temps ount comtnune inent ufez de prendre lour panage envers la dite ville de Caleis as diverfez lieux k portes en mefme le countee de Kent k de veigner a Caleis cn Kent as diverfez portes k lieux en ycell autres qe en Je dit port de Dovorr contrary a les grauntes k ordenaunces avauntditz au graund damage empovcrislhement k defolatioa de mefme la ville & verifemblement par continuance desire cause du jupardie ou perde mefme la ville le chafrell illeoqes k la pais adjoignaunt. Nollre dit Seignur le Roy les premiffez con fiderez k coment la dite ville ell site en lcxtreme lieu de cefi: Roialme profcbein a fez encmyes k ad null moien de comfort northeast relefe mes foulement parle moien de le dit passage ad ordeigne ellablie & enable par ladvis assent k aubtorite fuifditz qe null pelrine merchaunt northeast null autre person oil perfones chival ou belle forfprifez fouldeours k merchauntz ove leur merchandises en les manner & fourme avaunt re citez decy enavaunt preigne ou preignent leur passage a null lieu ou port deinz le dit countee de Kent mes foulement al dit port de la dite ville de Dovorre fils sufficient pallage k efkipfon illoeqes poient avoir et auxi qe null pelrine merchaunt northeast nulle autre person ou perfones chival ou belle veigne de Caleis eu null port ou autre lieu deins le dit countee de Kent forfqe foulement al dit port de la dite ville de Dovorr forfprifez fouldeours k inarchauntz ove leur merchandises faunz ceo qils aient k monftrent commaunde rnent du Roy en efcript enfi a fair ou qils soient compellcz k enchacez al afcun autre lieu ou port par fodein tempest et qe chefcun person de quelle estate degree ou condition qil soit qe voluntierment face le contrary de cefi able ou ordenaunce forface pur chefcun temps qil enfi facet V marcz nostre Seignur le Roy davoir lune moite ent deftre emplciez fur la reparation du chaftell de Dovorre par le furveu del constable ou son lieutenant illeoqes et quelle person ou perfones de la dite ville ou chaltcll efteant franc home de la dite ville de Dovorre qi voet commencer ou fuer abtion ent encountre le dit offendour lau tre moitee et qe chefcune person ou perfones de la dite ville ou chaftell francs homes du dit ville de Dovorr en son proper noun poet ou poient aver enapres envers chefcune person qe voluntierment facet le contrary de ceft able ou ordenaunce gensrall abtion de dette de la dite somme de V marcz k declarer fpecialment fur mefme labte ou ordenaunce et qe proceffe dutlagarie k toutz autrez processes k determination soient euez en la dite abtion come eft eue k use en autres generalx abtions de dette. Et auxi le master de chefcun nies ou veffeau qi voluntierment en contrary de ceft able ou ordenaunce convoie al afcun lieu ou lieux afcun pelrine merchaunt ou autre person ou perfones chival ou befte forface en femblement a chefcun temps qil enfi facet V marcz en les manner k fourme avauntditz deftre fuez euez recoverez levez k emploiez.

Statutes made at .Westminster, Anno 7 Edvv. IV and Anno Dom. 1467.

CAP. III

An Act for the Subsidies.

Cotton MS.

IT E M come en le parliament tenuz en la tierce an du. reigne nostre dit treffoveraigne Seignur le Roy Several oidi lez Communes de mefme le Roialme Dengleterre graunterount a luy pur la defence de mefme le nances made Roialme Dengleterie, & en especial pur la l'aui'garde k custody del mear, un fubfidie nofmes ou ap a

pelles tonage, aperceiver ou refceiver en manner k fourme enfuantz : ceftaftavoir III s. de chefcune toneawe subsidy of de vine viegnaunt en ceft son Roialme, & de chefcune toneau de vine douce veignaunt en mefme le Roi Tunnage and alme Dengleterre per afcune marchaund alien, fibien per lez marchauntz de Hanfze k Ahnaignecome daf r "ijejs®0 ths cun autre marchaunt eftraunge, iij. s. ouftre les ditz iij. s. avaunt grauntez, davoir k perceiver annuel king during ment le dit subside a Ie primer jour le March lan nostre.seignur M!. cccclxiiij. pur term de fa vie natu Life by a relle. Et ouftre ceo lez ditz Communes peraftent defuifdit graunterount a Roy, pur la fautgarde k cufto pffnted, Inad# die del mear, un autre fubfidie appellez poundage, ceft a dire, de tout manner des marchaundifez de An. 4. Ed. 4. chefcune marchaunt denizein ou alien, fibien dez marchauntz del Hanfze & Dalinaigne come dafcun E ^ P. autre marchaunt alien, cariez hors de ceft fondit Roialme ou amefnez en ie mefme per voie de marl. ‘

chaundife, del value de chefcune XX s. xij. d. excepte eftaigne, de quele lez marchauntz eftraungez de 2 h! sc.

paier pur fubfidie del value de chefcune XX s. ijs. k lez marchauntz denizeins xij. d. k toutz ma *4/" alj° nere marchaundife de chefcune marchaunt denizein deftre valuez folonqe ceo qils cofterent al primer''' ' achate, per lour ferementz ou de lour fervauntz, achatours de les ditz marchaundifez en lour absence.. per lour letters, lez quels mefmes lez marchauntz ount dautiel achate de lour faitours, k en null autre' manner; draps lanuz queleconqez faitz & overez deinz ceft Roialme Dengleterre per afcun marchaunt' denizein nient neez alien deftre caries hors de mefme le Roialme deinz le temps ae cell grant, toutz maners lains pealx lanutz k quirs iffauntz hors de mefme, k chefcune manner de blee fioure et tout

manner pefibn fresftie, beftall, k vine en ceft Roialme venaunt, fervoife, k tout manner vitaille iffant hors

tie ceft dit Roialme pur la vitailment du ville de Caleis k de lez Marchez illoefques defouth lobeifatmce du Roy, hors du ceste grant toutz foitz exceptz.: davoir k perceiver anmiclment le dit fubfidie de.

, .0 2. poundaga

too

APPENDIX.

Cotton MS.

poundages le dit primer jour de marclie en avaunt duraunt son vie naturelle; come en le graunf ent salt pluis largement eft conteignuz. Le Roy entendaunt le graund defceit a luy salt, en retraiher k conceler de iez ditz duitez, k enter autres, qe plufours k diver fez, marchauntz edraungez & denizeins ufent damefner en ceft Roialme draps door, draps dargent, Bawedekyns, Velevett, Damafkez, Satens, Sarcenetz, Tarterons, Chamelettes, & autres draps de foie, k door k foie, efteauntz de graund value, per voie de marchaundife, as les parties de la le nieir de per subtle k fraudelentes moiens mefmes les marchaundifes a terre conyoient, nient paiantz ent verraie cuftumez ou fubfidiez ent duez folonqe la fourme del dit acfte, northeast mefmes lez marchauntz eftraunges nenploient mye la value de lour tielx mar cliaundifez fur les commoditecz du ceft Roialme, a graund damage k prejudice du Roy & de ceste son Roialme; & comment soit il le dit fubfidie fuift grauntez au Roy en efpecialle pur la guard du mear, unquore a cause de lez ditz defceitz retraihir & conceler au Roy de les ditz duetiez, queux viendroient ou venir deufent de fubfidie avauntdit, le profit ent provenaunt au Roy eft enfi anientifez k empairez, qil nateigne pas nen apres eft semblable dateigner a alcune somme semblable come il ad salt en temps paflez, northeast suffit, northeast en temps venaunt eft semblable de fufner a fufteigner le charge requife k necessary au Roy pur la guard du mear, pur la fuertie du Roy k ceftuy son Roialme, k sure passage dez mar chaund'fes en mefme le Roialme k hors dicelle, sinon qe convenient k sure remedy soit purveu, pur expelkr & toller les ditz defceitz: pur ceo nostre dit Seignur ie Rov, del aftent des ditz Seignurs efpiri tuelx k temporelx k les ditz communes en ceft son parliament afierriblez, k per laucftorite dicelle, ad ordeigne eftablie k enacle, qe a la fefte de la Nativite de Seint Johan Baptist profchein veignaunt, null' marchaunt, denizein ou ellraunge, met ou foeffre afcuns maners draps dor, dargent, Bawedekyn, Velvet, Damafke, Sateyn, Tarteron, Chamelet, northeast afcuns autres draps de foie, northeast afcun corse de foie et door, northeast de foie, del faifaunce dafcuns partiez de la le mear, a vendre, devaunt qe les Collecftours del fubfidie de Tonage k Poundage & Countroller dicelle en le Port, defuis le quele mefme le marchaundife soit mise a terre, ount furveu k mesure le mefme, k ount enfele chefcune pece dicelle en lun fyn de ceo ovefqe le fealle ou feales fpecialment pur ceo desire ordeignez, dount les mefmes Collecftours ount lime part k mefme le Countrollour ad lautre part en lour guard several ment; k fi afcun dautiel drap dor, dargent, Bawdekyns, Velevettez, Damafkez, Sateins, Sarcenettes, Tarterons, Chamelettes, k draps de foie, & corfez, soient afcune temps en apres mise a vende enfi nient enfealez, ou neiantz tiel seal fur ycelle marchaundife enfy myfe a vende; qe lors celluy qe mist mefme le marchaundife avende, forface ycelle marchaundife, ou le value ent, le Roy deftre refpoignez de deux parties ent, & le trover dicelle de la tierce party. Et auxi ordeignez eft per ia dit aucftorite, qe les Collecftours de mefme la subside k le dit Countrollour soient a tout temps requifit prestes denfeler tiel marchaundife, & yceux enfealent, en queleconqe temps ils soient requifez, faunz delaie, tardance, ou chose pur ceo prendre en afcune manner;; pain de forfaiture a le pofiefiour dicell XX s. pur chefcune de lez Colleiftours et Countrollours, a afcune temps nils refufent enfi denfealer autielx marchaundifez apres tiel requefte salt, ou preignent afcune chose pur lenfealer dafcun tiel marchaundife. Et auxint eft il ordeines, per laucftorite fuifdite, qe touts maners de tielx draps dor, dargent, de Bawdekyn, Velvet, Damask, Saten, Sarcenet, Tarteron, Chamelet, k chefcune autre drap de foie, corse door k foie, ore eftcantz deinz ceft Roialme, k apres la fefte de Seint Michell larcaungell profcheinement aveigner, offrez a vend, soient enfealez ovefqe les ditz fcalez avaunt mefme la fefte, fur la peyne devaunt especifie. Auxi come en ie grant du dit fubfidie il eft expreflez, qe fi afcune concelement soit trove en lez marchauntz en paiement pur les ditz duitez, qe ceux pur autiel concelement paient tauntfoulement double fubfidie, faunz autre perde ou forfaiture en ceo, come en mefme lacfte eft pluis pleynement conteignuz; le Roy consideraunt, qe a cause de cell ordeig nauncc marchauntz northeast criegnent luy defrauder de son duite del dit fubfidie, en taunt qils nul chose for facent en cell party, mez pur ceo foulement paier double fubfidie : per ladvys k aucftorite fuifditz ordeigne eftre eftablie, qe meftne leftatuit en cell party soit voidez k de null force; & qe fi afcuns marchaundifez amefnez as les partiez de la le mear, ou eftre cariez hors du ceft Roialme, dount Ie fubfidie eft ou ferra due ou regarcle au Roy eftre paiez, en apres soient myfez en terre, ou mys en afcuns veftells a cariez ouftier la mear, le fubfidie ent due nient paiez as les Collecftours dicelle, ou pur ycelle ovefqe eux nient accordez, qe lors mefme le marchaundife ou le value ent soit forfait au Roi. Auxint pur ceo qe diverfez marchauntz eftraungez meint foitz fount pakker en la Citee de Loundres k autres lieux di vcrfez draps lanuz, afcuns engraynes, afcuns femigraines, k autres draps nient graynez, & ceux enfy pakkes fount carier per terre a Loundres k autres lieux as autres Portz, come Sondewiche Southampton & autres Portz, lou les Cuftumers pur le temps efteantz, faunz due pakker ou vieu dautielx draps, fur lenformation del marchaunt fount cuftumer tielx draps come pur course draps; per quele le Roy eft graundement deceu & endamage de fez duetees de ceo, fibien en le fineffs dautielx draps come en le noune coignifaunce del nombre dez draps enfi pakkez : pur ceo le Roy del advys & altent fuifditz, k per mefme laucftorite, ordina eftabiift & enacfte, qe en chefcune port deinz ceft Roialme dengleterre, en Ia quele afcuns draps lanutz ferrount pakkez apres le primer jour de May profcheinement veignaunt, deftre caries outlier la mear, soient furvieuz k pakkez apres le primer jour de May en ia presence des Collecftours de les avauntditz cufturrres & subsidies de cell Port pur le temps efteantz, k qe toutz cu ftumes k Sufcfidies diceux draps duez k regardantz au Roy soient paiez k contentes as mefmes les coi leclours lou les ditz draps fount enfi pakkez, ou fuificient fuertie pur ceo soit a eux trove, perdevaunt qe ceux draps soient cariez hors du dit Port a afcune autre Port ou lieu; fur pain de forfaiture des toutz mefmes les draps, ou le value diceux, deftre ewes del pofleftour ent. Et II afcuns draps lanutz, deftre cariez ouftier la mear, soient pakkes en afcune autre manner, ou foutli afcune autre fourme.; qe lors il soit leiiible as les Collecftours de le Port, lou ceux enfi fount pakkes, ou amefnes pakkes, a fair de - ' pakker

IOI

A fp P E N D M X

Cotton MSI

pakker illoequez les pakkez' Sc les fardels, & furveier toutz les draps en ycelles, fiqe nostre trefloveraigqe Seignur le Roy poiet eftre veritablement refpoignez de son duite'm cell party, faunz afcune fraud cu defceit. Et ft afcune cuftumer'ou Countroller dafcune lieu ou Port soit. necligerit ou remifie en noune pakkure des draps, ou furveiaunce deux, en la fourme defuifdit; qe loi's Sc ft, l'ovent chefcune tiel cu itumer Sc Countrollour pur chefcune tiel default forface a'nostre Seignur le Roy XX s. pur chefcune tie] drap. Et ouftre ceo ordeignez eft, per ladvys assent & fuifditz, qe chefcune de les ditz CCL ledtours, refceivant afcune cuftume ou fubfidie pur afcune de les ditz draps, ou fuerte pur le mefme, ' soit charge & chargeable a nostre Seignur le Roy ent fur son ou lour account. Et qe mefme le Colletftour ou Colletftours facent ou face de temps en temps cokett ou coketts des toutz tielx draps, ' direct ou direcfz as les Colleiftours de le Port lou mefmes les draps ferrount efkippez, tefmoignauntz le noumbre diceux. Sc qe celluy ou ceux ad ou ount refceux les Cuftumez Sc Subsidies des mefmes les draps, ou fuertie pur ceo, per le quele cokette ou cokettes mefmes les Colledtours le ou les refceivantz ferrount difchargez parent encountre nostre foveraigne Seignur le Roy Sc toutz autres, - des toutz mefmes les cuftumes & fubfidiez. Purveu toutz foitz, qe ceft aft Sc ordetgnaunce northeast soient damageous, northeast en null manner prejudicial, a afcune person ou perlones en au ou pur afcuns letters p3tentz faitz per le Roy nostre foveraigne Seignur, dafcune grant de licence defkipper Sc carier hors de ceft Roialme dengleterre, afcuns draps lanuz, ou autre marchaundife, en afcuns de les ditz letters patentes especifiez, & de reteigner les cuftumes Sc fubiidiez en lour proper mayns, ou en les mains dafeuns diceux : Et qe mefmes les letters patents soient al dit person ou perfones, Sc chefcune de eux, bones Sc effeduelx fol.onqe les tenours des mefmes les letters patents Sc chefcune deux, ceft ade Sc ordeignaunce nient contrifteantz, per quelcconqes noune ou nounz afcune de les person ou perfones soit nofme ou appelle en afcuns de les ditz letters patentz.

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 14 Edw. IV and Anno Dom. 1474.

CAP. I.

For the king's Tenants

going in his Wars.

OE toutz tielx perfones, Sc chefcune diceux, qi per la grace de Dieu pafferont ouftre la mear ovefqee XP. nostre dit trefioveraigne Seignur le Roy en son viage roialle et noble service & en son They who noble dit service, per lour attourneys & deputees ou afeuti de eux, ou per lattourney ou depute daf lands of the cun diceux, entreront Sc prendreront, & entrer puiftent Sc prendre, possession & de. Sc en toutz King Hull pase honours chaftels manoirs terres tencmentz rentz advowsons hereditamentes & possessions, qe a eux fount with him in defeenduz, ou al afeun de eux en apres defeenderount, remainderount, reverterount ou deviendrount, per afeun moyen apres la mort dafeun de lour aunceftres, ou. afeun autre person ou perfonez, ' ou en af have Ltcence to cun autre fourme per la cours de la lay de ceft terre, durant la dit viage, ft afeun part soit tenuz de nostre pats their hands foveraigne Seignur le Roy, et fur ceo davo'r le pardon de nostre sovereign Seignur le Roy defouth son ^nd^o nsc' graund seal pur lour dit entre, pofteftion, prise des iftiies Sc profifz dicelle, faunz see ou syne a nostre a Feoffment to • Seignur le Roy a paier pur ycelle : Et ft afeun office soit ent trovez en apres, donqes ceux & chefcune L fe 01 th, dr deux davoir etpecial liveries & livere defouth le graunde seal nostre foveraigne le Seignur Roy, faunz see itbe^done'iiy' ou fyn a paier pur ceo a nostre foveraigne Seignur le Roy, dentrer Sc prendre pofteftion en Sc de les ho cniiufion; and nours chaftels. & autres les premisses, chefcune person accordaunt a son droit Sc title. Sc tieux davoir & Thethat is the enjoier ovefqe les issues & des mefrnes, tie p lour title as eux & chcfcun de eux devenuz, faunz Ser

afeune autre livere petition ou purfuite de la lay eh cell party a nostre Seignur le Roy affair: Sc qcvjee, his Heir ' mefme le temps du viage durant, & ils demurantz en le noble service de nostre foveraigne Seignur le within Age, his Roy come eft avauntdit, null manner procefle deftre salt en afeun de les courtez nostre foveraigne Seignur ixestoreoviii le Roy encountre afcuns de les ditz persons pur afeun homage feaulte & autre corporel service, queux northeast have Wardihip puiftent eftre faitz linon en lour proper person ou perfones, pur afcuns honours chaftelx feignuries ma of tiie i ands noirs terres tenements & autres enheritementz Sc pofiefiions, qe ceux ou afcune person ou perfones a ^^escdy of the lour oeps, ount ou ad, ou en apres avera ou averount, durant la dit viage Sc efteantz en le noble service de nostre Seignur le Roy come eft avauntdit; mes qe tout tiel proceffe ceflera durantz la dit viage & service: : ceux & chefcune deux enfi paflantz en la dit viage roial come eft avauntdit, Sc les feftfez al use de chefcune de eux, puiftent avoir & aient licence defouth ie graund seal de nostre Seignur le Roy, faunz see ou fyn a luy deftre paiez, de fair feffementz alienations 6c grauntez de les honours chaftels manoirs rerres tencmentz rents services annuitees & autres enhereditamenis & pofttilions ove lqur a'ppurteignaunces, as tielx perfones queux lour plerra; Sc yceux perfones de relceiver mefmes les honours chaftelies & autres les premisses, de quele manere'estate lour plerra, ai entent qe ceux ent puiftent fair lour Volunte pur paiement de lour dettes charges & autres choses. Et f; L avient afcuns''de les ditz perfones qi enli paffera.

Sc demura en les ditz viage' & service de nostre foveraigne Seignur ie Roy, come eft avauntdit, a morier • durant le dit temps & en la dit service, son heir efteanr deinz age, qe lors toutz maners perfones eiauntz, aicun manner estate per vole de feffeinent ou autrement al oeps de meune !a person ou perfones enfi mo riant trefpaflaunt ou moriantz ou treipaifantz, en afeun honours' chaftelies & autres les, premisses ove lour • appurtenaunce --, al oeps & perfourmance de la volunte ou vouloir de la dit person qi enfi decefle, les; aient faunz afeun interruption de neftre foveraigne Seignur Ie Roy, ou afeun de les officers ou ministres,,

.APPENDIX.

Cotton MS.

per reason dafeun office de ceo eftre trovez; tout soit ceo que mefmes les ditz feffementz, estate, ou af cun alienation, fucrent faitz ou ewez per collusion, ou autrement entitlant nostre foveraigne Seignur le Roy; forforifez tiels manoirs terres & tenements, queux afeun person ou perfones paffantez ou alauntes ovefqe nostre treffoveraigne Seignur le Roy en cell soil viage roiall come avaunt eft dit, ount per le grant ou don de nostre trefredoute Seignur le Roy en afeune manner. Rt qe ceux, Sc auxi chefcune de eux, aiantz & opteignauntz mefmes les avauntditz manoirs terres Sc tenements puissent per mefme laublorite deluifdit fair estate ou estates des les mefmes avauntditz manoirs terres ou tenements ou afeune manner parcell diceux manoirs terres ou tenementz, as autres perfones en see ou autrement a lour oeps demesne, en perfourmance de lour voiloirs ou voluntees, come cy devaunt eft dit, les mefmes estate ou eftatez end affair ou affayres defteier bones & effebluelx, auxi longement tanqc come les avauntditz grauntes ou dunes per nostre dit trefl'overaigne Seignur le Roy as eux ou afeun de cux ent faitz ou affairs eftoient Sc soient en lour force &effebl, & nient determines, nauxint revertibles a nostre trefredoute Seignur le Roy ou a fes nobles heirs. Et ouftre ceo mefme nostre Seignur le Roy ad ordeigne & eftablie, & enable per assent & Seignurs espirituelx Sc temporelx Sc les communes en mefme le dit parliament efteantz, ft afeun de les avauntditz person ou perfones end paffauntz Sc auxi demurauntz ovefqe nostre sovereign Seignur le Roy en fez ditz services Sc viage roialle, come eye devaunt eft dit, a morir ou tre 'passer mefme son heir efteant deinz age, ore ou en apres teignaunt ou opteignaunt afeuns terres ou tenements de nostre Seignur le Roy per service dc chivaler, les ditzfeffcz & auxint fes cxecutours adonques aient et enjoient le guard & marriage de mefme le heir, ovefqe le guard des mefmes les manoirs teires Sc tenements enfy tenuz durant le nounage de mefme le heir, al oeps de mefnie la person enfi deceffmnt ou trefpaffaunt, et ovefqe ceo de perfourmer tout son voillour & voluntc. Et ouftre ceo mefme nostre trefloveraigne Seignur le Roy grsuntera per fes letters patentes le guard Sc le marriage de mefme le heir Sc des toutz ies manoirs terres & tenements, les queux nostre treifoveraigne Seignur le Roy doit avoir per reason dicelle, .as mefmes les. feffez ou executours de mefme la person ou perfones enfi trefpaffauntz ou moriauntz ou as tielx de cux qi pur ceo pursuer voillent, al ue de mefme la person ou perfones enii trefpaffauntz ou moriauntz come devaunt eft dit, faunz alcune syne ou see a nostre treffoveraigne Seignur le Roy pur ceo deftre paiez. Sauvez toutz foitz a chefcune person ou perfones & lour heirs & successours, autres qe nostre treffoveraigne Seignur le Roy Sc fes heirs Sc executours, toutz lour droit title prerogatif Sc interefte, qe ceux ount ou poient avoir en afeune de les, premises, conic ceft avauntdit able jarnmez northeast euft este salt ou perpetre; forfpris corporel service come eft avauntdit, quel corporal service northeast poiet eftre salt sinon cn lour propres perfones come cy devaunt eft dit. Et ft afeun doubte ou question furde ou aveigne en afeun manner en les enterpretations ou conftrublions de les pointz ou articles defuifditz ou afeun de eux, adonqes mefme nostre Seignur le Roy voet & sraunte per mefnie laublorite defuifdit, qe les Seignurs espirituelx Sc temporelx, & autres de son counfaille eye efteauntz en fa absence, aient pleyne poiar Sc auc torite, pur difeuffer Sc metter en ceo cas due remedy & redresse, folonqe lour bon discretion Si advyce, accordaunt a la foialle entent des mefmes les articles & pointz avauntditz, pur le bon et profit de mefmes les avauntditz perfones enfi efteauntz ou moriauntz en la dit service Sc viage roial de nostre foveraigne Seignur le Roy de perdela le mear. Purveu toutz foitz, qe ceft, avauntdit al, on ordenaunce ou afeun chose comprehendes Sc contenus en ycell, northeast soit my prejudicial ou damageous en afeun manner al afeun person ou perfones des lieges nostre dit Seignur le Roy, niez soit executorie tauntfouiement eit countre nostre Seignur le Roy & les nobles heires.

The same Law, and the same Prote ion that was granted by the Statute of

9 »■ 5; =• 3 to those thit werfc* then in ntnrarsyy' or would then pass with King Jinny 5. into retire, shall be.obferved, arid avail for ail such as pass ov.r the Sea v/jth the King. E X P.

CAP. II

An act touching Protections for such as go in the .king's Wars.

IT E M nostre dit treffoveraigne Seignur le Roy, remembraunt qil fuift ordeigne enable & eftablie per audlorite du parliament tenuz a Wellm' le second jour de May en lan noerifme du reigne du liable Roy Henry le quint nadgairs en salt Sc nient de droit Roy du noble Roialme dengleterre, come eye er, apres enfuift. "Item per la ou le prise de les affifez, Sic." [reciting the Statute 9 H. 5. flat. 1. C 3. which see fol. 513.] Voiet ordeigne enable & eftablie per luy les Seignurs espirituelx .& temporelx & les communes de cell present parliament assemblez & audiorite dicelle parliament, qe mefme lordre & mefme la lay comprises en le dit eftatuit Sc ordeignaunce soient ore obfervez Sc gardez, Sc soient ft avail lables, pur toutz maners de les perfones, qi ore pafferount. ouftier la mear ovefqe nostre foveraigne Seignur le Roy en ceft son viage roialle. Sc illoefquez demurrount en fondit noble service, come furent pur tielx perfones quels paffoient ouftier la mear ovefqe le dit nadgairs Roy, Sc illeofquez demurroient en fondit noble service. Et qe toutz tielx perfonez, quelx ore pafferount ouftier le mear ovefqe le dit nostre foveraigne Seignur le Roy, aient Sc enjoient en chefcune point toutz maners avauntagez, come les ditz perffnez. iflint paflantz ouftier la mear ovefqe le dit nadgairs nostre Seignur le Roy avoient eurent ou puissent avoir ewe per reason du dit eftatuit. Purveu toutz foitz, qe les avauntditz perfonez iffint paf fauntz ouftier la mear ovefqe nostre treffoveraigne Seignur le Roy event null benefice ou avauntage de ceft present able d.rfcun entre salt per eux, ou per afeun dc cux, en afeuns manoirs teires tenementz Sc autres enheriternentz depuis le primer jour de cell present parliament fommonez Sc conunencez a Wellm'. Cell abl Sc ordeignaunce oendurer tanqe al profehein parliament, qe ferra primerment tenuz puis la prof chein venue de nostre Seignur le Roy en Engletesre. Purveu auxi, qe les ditz perfones iffmt paffauntz ouftier la mear ovefqe nostre Seignur le Roy event nufl benefice 011 avauntage de ou per ceste present scl, dafeun entre salt ewe ou salt depuis le primier jour de ceft present parliament ou eftre salt, al afeun:

temps

Cotton MS.

>\ f * •' •• • _ t - y •

temps en apres, per les ditz perfones lour attourneys oil deputez, ou afcune de eux, es afcuns manolrs, terres, tenementz, et autres enheritementz, ou afcuns autres maneres possessions & a die & ordeig nautice dendurer tanqc alparlement qe ferra primerment tenuz apres le profchein revenue de noflre seig nur le Roy en son noble Roialme dengleterre.

Statute made at Westminster, Anno 17 Edw. IV and Anno Dom. 1477,

CAP, V

An alteration of part of the Statute of 4 Ed. 4. C X

IT E M, Whereas by an A! made In the Parliament of our said Lord the King, held at ivcft minfler in the fourth year of his Reign, it was ordained, established and enacted among other things, that all Woollen Clothes, half Clothes, Streits, and Kerfies, of a certain length and breadth fpeeilied Woollen in the same Act, and being of all perfedlnefs of making, also comprised in the same Act, should be, clothes from the Feast called S. Peter ad vincula, which was in the year of our Lord God 1465. sealed with a Seal, double print in Lead, to be devised and ordained by the Treasurer of England for the time being, testi Tlenfurerof fying the true length and breadth, and lawful making. Also by the same Act it was ordained, among England, other tilings, that the Treasurer of England for the time being, should have power and authority to make Rich and as many keepers of the same Seals, as he shall think necessary;; that no Grangers born should be made any of the same keepers : And that every of the said keepers foto be made, shall yearly account of the revenues of their said offices in the king's Efchequer before the Treasurer of England and the Barons there for the time being, showing in the same accounts the number of all the Clothes, half Clothes, Streits and Kerfies sealed by them, with the names of the owners thereof; Every of the said keepers to be rewarded yearly at his said account for his labour and diligence had in this behalf, at the receipt of the said Efchequer, by the discretion of the said Treasurer and Barons, without payment of anything in the said Efchequer for the making of his said account, as in the said Ac! thereof made is more largely contained: The King certainly perceiving, that iithence the making of the same Ad!, he hath had yearly greater loss by the approvement of the Subsidy and Aulnage of Clothes, than he had at any time before the said Ac! of approvement made; For the same and for diverse other great Causes moving him, by the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same Parliament hath ordained, established, and enafied, that from the Feast of Eajhr next coming, all the Woollen Clothes, half Clothes, Streits, and Kerlies, being of good and perfect making, of length and breadth according to the form of the said Ad!, made in the said fourth year, shall be sealed with Wax at both ends, taking no more for the same both seals, than before was taken for the sealing of an whole Cloth, half Cloth,

Streit, or Kerfie : Except only, that in the City of London, and in the Town of Bristol, all the Clothes London., that ought to be sealed, shall be sealed with Lead, as hath been there accustomecf. Moreover, it is Brhtov/.' ordained, enacted, and established by the authority aforesaid. That the said Treasurer of England for the time being, shall have power and authority to let to ferm the subsidy and aulnage of Clothes which ought to be sealed, unto persons willing to have the same to ferm, by sufficient surety in the form as was used and done before the said Statute made in the said fourth Year; The fermors to have the one half of the forfeiture of all the Clothes and pieces of Clothes to be fet to sale, not sealed with the said Seals, to their own use, paying therefore and for the said Subsidy and Aulnage to our Lord the King Aulnage, at his Efchequer, such yearly sums of money as shall be agreed betwixt tyre Treasurer of England and them, and to be accomptants to the King of the other half of the said forfeiture at the said Efchequer,. the said Statute made in the said fourth year notwithstanding.

Statutes

1 ■> ‘ - X -

: X ti .1: ari

104

Apparel.

APPENDIX

....,. r/j

Statutes made at Westminster, Anno 22 Edw. IV and Anno Dom. 1482.

'1 ‘ ‘i 1.. 1 ici,.. 1 1 tz '. ■< :

OU R Sovereigne Lord the King, Edward the fourth, this Parliament held at Westminjter, the XX day of 'january, in the xxij. yeere of his Reigne, to the honour of God, and for the wealth of his people of this his Realm, by the aduice and assent of his Lords Spirituall and Temporal!, and at the request of his "Commons in his said Parliament assembled, hath ordeined, and established, certain Statutes and Ordinances, in manner and form following.' • 0 ■' - •, V — — \1 : - •' i j • V '< >*» ' ‘ '• '

C a p., r.

/ *. /

A repeal of all former Statutes made touching the excels of Apparel.

‘ T7‘ IRST, beeaufe that our Souereigne Lord the King hath concerned by a petition made to him ‘ .Jp by his Commons, that diverse Statutes and Ordinances touching, the restraint of exeelliue apparel!

‘ of the people of his Realm, vere ordeined and made, and that for; he non due execution of the fa mb ‘ Statutes, his said Realm was fallen ipto great misery and pouertie,; and, like to fall into more greater,

‘ vnlcffe the better remedy bee prouided _ Whereupon our. said Souereigne Lord the King, by the aduice, assent and authoritie aforesaid, hath ordeined and ftablilhed, that no manner person, of what elfate, degree or condition that he be, hall wear any clothes of gold or silke of purple colour, but only the King, the fjucene, the Kings mother, the Kings children, his brother and sisters, vpon pain of forfeiture for cuery default, xx.li. And that none vnder the estate of a Duke, hall wear any cloth of gold of jfcifiue, vpon pcine^of forfeiture for euery default XX markes. And that none vnder the estate of a Lord, shall wear plain cloth of gold, upon pain to forfeite for euery default X markes. And that none vnder the degree of a Knight, shall wear any veluet in their doublets nor gownes. Nor none vnder the same degree wear any damalke or fatten in their gownes, but only Esquires for the .Kings body, upon pain to forfeit for euery default XL s. And that no Yeoman of the Crown, nor none other shall vnder the degree of an Esquire or Gentleman, wear in their doublets damalke or fatten, nor gownes of chainlet, vpon pain to forfeit for euery default, fourtie billings. And that none vnder the estate of a Lord, wear any manner of woollen cloth made out of this Realm of England, Ireland, Wales and Caleis, nor wear any furres of Sables, upon pain to forfeit for euery default ten pound. And also it is ordeined and ftablilhed by the said authoritie,. that no feruant ofhulbandrie nor common labourer, nor feruant to any Artificer .out. of city or Borough, shall wear in their clothing any cloth, whereof the broad yard shall pafie the price of two billings,, that any of the said feruants or labourers, shall funer their wives to wear any clothing of higher price, then is before limited to their husbands. Nor they hill not suffer their wives to wear any reife called a kercheffe, whole price exceedeth twentie pence. Nor none of the said feruants or labourers, shall wear any hofen, whereof the payre shall pafie eighteene pence, vpon pain to forfeit for euery default three billings foure pence. Moreouer, it is ordeined, that the Juftiees of peace in euery County, Maiors, Sbiriffes, Bailiffes, masters, and other chief officers "of cities, .boroughs, tpwn.es of the flue ports, and other, corporate townes within this Realm, shall have power and auth, oxide to inquire, hear and determine all the, said .defaults and forfeitures and euery of them, to' be made and had within their several l jurisdictions, afvvell by enquirie as by. due examination, and the., matters and causes concerning the said offences and.forfeitures to determine by like proces and judgement, and in like manner and form before attainder in this behalfe, as is before the ju fticcs' of .peace commonly vfe.d of trefpaffe done with force and Arms against the Kings peace, .and after the attainder like execution. And if any matter touching any of the offences bee remooued of any of the find Juftiees of peace, Maior, or any other officers before named, to bee had before the King in his Benclj, that then the Juftiees to the Pleas before them to bee held, ailigned, shall have power to award like proces aiid like execution in this behalfe, as before is limited. Ahd it is ordeined by the said authoritie, that all the said' peine's' and forfeitures, except such pcines and forfeitures, in and for the prer misses, which hall happen to be and grow within the County Palatine of Chester, Examjbire, and the Biihopricke of Durham) shall be to the King, to be employed to the expenses of his honourable house. And that such peines and forfeitures in and for the premisses within the said County Palatine of Chester, shall bee to'my Lord the Prince. And such peines and forfeitures in and for the premisses within Exam ire, shall be to the Archbishop of Yorke and to his fueceftours. and such peines and forfeitures in and for the premisses within the said Biihopricke of Durham, shall bee to the Bishop of Durham and his fueceftours. Prouided alwayes, that this Act extend, nor bee prejudicial] to or for any woman, excepted the wives and feruants of labourers. Also it is ordeined by the authoritie aforesaid, that all Ordinances and Statutes before this time made of aray and apparel!, shall bee by authoritie of this present Parliament voyd and of none effect nor force. And that this Act begin and take eftedl after the Feast of the Epiphanie next comming, and not before. And it is ordeined and enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that no manner person, vnder the estate of a Lord, shall wear from the said Feast any govvne or mantel!, vnleffe it bee of such length, that hee being vpright, it shall couer his priuie members and buttocks, vpon pain to forfeit to our Souereigne Lord the King at euery default, twenty billings. And • like examination, proceflb and judgement shall be therein had, as in the premisses is ordened. Prouided alwayes, that this present Adle for apparel I, shall not bee prejudicial! to the libertie in wearing of Cloth

105

APPENDIX.

and Furre, Purple and Cloth of gold only excepted, of Sir Thomas Mountgomcrle, Sir Thomas Burgh, Sir Thomas Vsughan, Sir Iohn Don, Sir iviuiani Parre, Sir Thomas Dejeit Legier, Sir Thomas Bourghcher, Sir Thomas Grey, nor of Master Oliner the Kings Secretary, nor any of them. And prouided also, that the same A bee not prejudicial! to Matter Iohn Guntborpe Dean of the Kings Chapel. Nor to Sir John Elrington Treasurer of the Kings house, nor to any of them, as before.

CAP, IV

An Act for the Price of Bows.

Cotton MS.

ITEM qc come en le temps des nobles progenitours nostre dit Seignur le Roy, & auxi en temps del Whomever shall victorious reigne nostre dit Seignur le Roy qoreft, fes fubgietz deinz chefcune part ceftuy Roialme ount o/'yew^bove'' virtuoufement occupiez & ufez fagitture ovefqe lour arkez, perount & defoubs la protection Dieu omni the Price of potent actez victorioufe ount este faitz en defence du ceft Roialme: Ore il eft enfy, que les faifours des Tiuee'shillings arkes en chefcun part de ceste Roialme vendent lour arkez a ft graund & excessive price, qe les fubgietz du Roy dilpofez a fagitture rie fount mye de power dachatier as eux arkez; per quele fagitture eft gruunde twentyslul ment diminuez ou reiinquez, & Juez illicitez fount ufez, contrary as ftatuitz 6c ordeignauncez fur ceo iings „ F. faitz : Noftre dit foveraigne Seignur le Roy, consideraunt les premises, per ladvys assent & fuif 3 rfe'n%.'c! 13?' ditz, ad ordeigne eftablie & enacte, qe a la fefte de Pafqe profehein veignaunt null feiour des arkez, nautre 33 H. s; C 9. person ufant de vender ou metter au vend, ou en apres ulera a vender ou mettre au vend, afeun long arke ou arkez del taxe appell Ewe, ou venditdafcuns des mefmes les arkez a afeune liege person du Roy, ouftre le price de iij. iiij. d. tin arke, & longez arkes de taxe defouth le value de melme la price, ficome le vendour & lachatour dicelles puiftent relonableinent agreer & accorder, fur pain de forfaiture de chefcune long ark del taxe autrement venduz ouftre la dit price de iij s. iiij.d. xxs. lune moite ent a nostre foveraigne Seignur le Roy, & lautre moite au alcun de fes lieges, qi voiet purfuier & prover la dit forfaiture, per action ou actions de dette, en quele semblable procefle jugement Sc execution ferrount ewez, come eft ufuaiment ufee en actions de dette purfuez a la commune Icy. Et qe null defendaunt en afeune mcfme faction ou actions ferra admife de gager fa lay.

Prima Pars Rotul' Parliament' de Anno Regni Regis Henrici Septimi Primo.

PARLIAMENT tent' apud .Weftm* Septimo Die Novembris Anno Regni Regis, Henrici Septimi Primo.

From the Rolls.

ITEM quedam alia Billa cum quadam Cedula eidem annexa exhibita suit coram d'no regeartus esn in Pariiamento p'd'co Sub liijs Verbis Where in the Parliament begon and held at Weftm' the Sixth Day of octobre the xijth year of the Reigne of Edward late King of Englond the iiij1 h and by i.lnc'cd diverse prorogac'ons unto the xxiij Day of severer the. xiiijth year of his Reigne contynued and than there T « «/' for certayn considerac'ons by thadvvfe and aftent of the Lords sp'uelx and Tcmporelx and Coupons in that Parliament assembled and by the auctorite of tiie same willed ordeyned and Enacted that Thomas Cardinal! Archbifshop of Canturbury William Bifshop of Ely Richard Bifshop of Sar'

rob't Bifsliop of Bath and Welles Thomas Bifshop of Lincolne Henry Erie of Efiex Anthony Erie Rievers William Lord Haltinges John Lord dynh'm Master John Russell Clerk Keper of the Kinges Prive Seal Master William Dudley Dean' of the Kings Chapeil thom's Burgh' Knyght William Parr Knyght Thomas Mountgomery Knyght Master John Gunthorp' Clerk Richard Fowler and William Hufe fro the same xxiij. day have hold enjoye and pofiede the Honno' Cafteil Lordship and man no' of Tuttebury with the Membres and appurten'nes and all Mannors lordfhipp's Lands ten'ts Rentes and s'vices parcell of Duchie of Lancaftr' in the Countees of Stafford and Derby with the Appurtennes The Cafteil Lordship' and Manno' of Kenelworth parcell of the Duchie of Lancaftre in the Counte of Warrewyk with th'appurtenn'c's The Honno' Cafteil anti Manno' of Leiceftr' w' the membres and appurten'nces and all the manno's iandes and ten'ts Rents and s'vices parcel of the Duchie of Lancaftr' in the Countees of Leyceftr' Warwyk and north'mpton with thappurtenn'c's The Plonno' Cafteil Lordship' and Manno' of Bolyngbrokc w the Membres and appurtenn'c's and ail other manno's lordfhipp's Lands ten'ts Rents and s'vices parcell of the Duchie of Lancaftr' in the Counte of Lincoln w‘ th'appurtenn'c's The Lordship' and Mano' of Longbenyngton parcel of the Duchie of Lancaftr' in the Counte of Lincoln w tltappurtennces The honno'rs Caftells Lordfhipps and man'ors of Pounfret Tykhull Knarelburglt' and Pykeryng w‘ their Membres and appurtenn'cs and all man'ors lordfhipp's Lands ten'ts Rents and Services parcel of the Duchie of Lancaftr' in the Countees of York and Notyngham w' their appurten'ncs The Cafteil Lordship' and Manno' of dunstan burgh w: the Membres and appurten'ncs and all manno's lordfhipp's Lands ten'ts Rents and Services parcell of the Duchie of Lancaftr' in the Counte of northumb'land w' their appurten'nc's to them and

io APPENDIXS

From the Rolls.

to their Heires for ev'r To the'ntent that the Revenues Profites and Comoditees com'yng and growyng therof may be employed to the p'fourming and Executyng of the last Will that his laid Highneffe mail make and ordeyn to be dooh w1 the same Honnours Calletls manno's jlandes and ten'ts and othre p'myffes or w‘ the p'fittez Revenuez and Commoditees comyng and growymg of the same and that it be ordeyned by the same audiorite that astir the same Will p'fourmed and Executed or else if his feid Highnes declare and make no Will conc'nyng the p'miffes That than the said Thomas Cardinal! Archbilshop' bifshopp's Eries William Lord Haftinnes John Lord dynh'm Master John Russell Clerk Keper of the Kinges Prive Seal Master William Dudley Dean of the Kings Chapell thom's Burgh Knyght William Parre Knyght Thomas Mountgomery Knyght Master John Gunthorp Clerk Richard Fowler and William Hufe be and stand feafed and feofes of and in the said Honnours Caftells lordfhipp's Mannours Lands ten'ts and other the p'mifles to th'ufe of his Highnes and his Heires and that it be Ordeyned and Established by the said advyfe assent and audlorite that all the same honno's Caftells lordfhipp's Mannours Lands ten'ts and other the p'myffes w their appurten'n'e's stand and be contynue and re main in the Possession of the said Thomas Cardiuall bifshopp's Earls William Lord Haftyngs John Dynham Master John Russell Clerk Keper of the Kings Prive Seal Mailer William Dudley Dean of the Kings Chapell Thomas Burgh Knight William Parr Knyght Thomas Mountgomery Knyght Master John Gunthorp' Clerk' Richard Fowler and William Hufe parcell of the Duchie of Lancaftr' and be called reputed and taken .parcell thereof havyng and ufying all libertees freedom's franchefes Profitz com'oditees and avayles as have been had and used in the same and that all Officers and gov'nors of the said Duchie stand remayn and abyde Officers and gov'nors therof havyng such Astate and int'efte therein as they now have ufyng occupieng and exe'cifyng their feid Offices w' all the fees wages p'fitz and availes p'teynyng and belongyng to the same and every of theym as they dyd and had and might have had and doon afore the makyng heros and that all Leses and Demises Grauntes and Offices sees Annuytees p'fentac'ons & Advoufons be made from hcnsforth duryng the Life of our said souv'ain Lord in his own name by warrant from his Highnes and under the Seal of his said Duchie now being the Seal thereof as it hath been used and Accustomed in time pad and that it be ordeyned by the said Audlorite that the said Thomas Cardinall Bifshops Earls William Lord Haftinges John Lord Dynham Master John Russell Clerk Keper of the Kynges Prive Seal Master William Dudley Dean of the Kings Chapell Thomas Burgh' Knyght William Parre Knight thom's mountgom'y Knyght Master John Gunthorp' Clerk Richard Fowler and William Hufe and the Lengeft Lyvyng of them have poffede hold and enjoye all the p'myffes to theym and their Heires to thentent and behove above laid any Lese Grant or other thing had made or doon of or in the p'miffes or any p't thereof by oure said sov'ain Lord in his Life or any of the said Officers in his Name notw'fta'nding and that all Officers and Gouvernors of and in the same the time of the dying of our said sov'ffine Lord ftoud remayn and abide Officers and Gouvernors according to their Title and int'effe in them and that from hensforth all Leses Demises Grauntes of Offices sees Annuitees p'fentac'ons and Advoufons to be made in the Names of the said Thomas Cardinall, Bifshopps Earls William Lord Haftinges John Lord Dynham Master John Russell Clerk Keeper of the Kinges Prive Seal Master William Dudley Dean of the Kyngs Chapell Thomas Burgh Knyght William Parr Knyght Thomas Mountgomery Knyght Master John Gunthorp' Clerk Richard Fowler and William Hufe or the lengeft levyng of them by warrant under the Seal of the said Duchie and that ev'y such Lese Demise Grant and Prefentacion made under the said Seal be as good effectual and available in the Law as though it were made by the said Thomas Cardinall byfshop's Earls William Lord Haftynges John Lord Dynham Master John Ruftell Clerk Keper of the king's pryve Seal Master William Dudley Dean of the Kings Chapell Thomas Burgh Knyght William Parr Knyght Thomas Mountgomery Knyght Master John Gunthorp' Clerk Richard Fowler and William Hufe under their Seales Savyng to Elizabeth Queen of England such right Title and int'efle in and of the Premyffes as She hath in the same or any part therof Savyng also to all other the Kynges Liege People such Title Right Accion and int'effe in and of the Premises as they should have had if this Act had not be made and over this it is Ordeyned by the said Audiorite that if eny of the said feoffes dye or make astate in or of eny of the Premyffes that than all s'vices and Rents due to the King or to eny or the said feoffes by reason or cause of eny of the p'miffes afore the makyng of this Act be of like Effect and condic'on as this Act had nevir be made as in the said Act playnly apperith Be it Enacted Ordeyned and Eftablyfshed by thadvise and assent of the Lords sp'uelx and temp'elx and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled and by audlorite of the same that the said Acte and Every thyng therein conteyned be fro the xxj Day of August last past voidc Repelled annulled and of noon effect And over that by the same Audiorite the King oure sov'aine Lord have hold enjoye and poffede fro the said xxj Day of August to him and his Heires forevermore All Honncurs Caftells lordff.ipp's Mannors Lands Tenements Rents Reversions Services Possessions and other Hereditaments with their appurten'n'ces in the said Acte conteyned and the Counte Palatyne of Lancaftr' and all Honnours Caftells Lordfhippes Mannours Lanfes Tenements Rents Reversions Services Possessions and other Hereditaments with their Appurtenances that weer parcell of the said Duchie of Lancaftr' and in the Hands or Possession of the said Edward late King of Englond the iiij£h day of March the furfte year of his Reigne or eny time after or in the Hands or possession of Richard the Thirde late in dede and not of right King of er.glond any time duryng his Reigne w‘ all Libertees fredorns franchises and other thinges as well to the said Counte Palatyne or to eny other of the p'myftes apperteynyng or belongyng and to be Governed by like Officers and use like Seales as afore time have ben used and Accuftumed in as ample and large manner and in like manner and fourme and condic'on feparat from the Corone of England and Possession of the

fame"

io;

APPENDIX.

From the Rolls.

Tame as Henry the iiijth Henry the vth Henry the vjth the Kinges Noble Progenitors late Kynges of this Royme or the said Edward late King had and held or any of the said Kings had or held any Acte Statute before this made in anywyfe notw'ftondyng and that every free ten'nt Receivour Bailyf Reve fermour and other officer and Minister of the said Duchie be several ly charged and chargeable to oure said said sov'aine Lord of all such Receipts and som'es of Money in which he or they weer charged or chargeable unto the said late Kinges Edward or Richard or either of theym by reason of the said Duchie not content northeast paid to the said Kinges or either of them nor to their Officers having Audiorite to receive the same northeast by the said Kings discharged by l'res of Pardon under the Seal of the said Duchie Billes Tailles Affignements or Graunts before the said xxj Day of August and He to have and use like Remedy for the Recovre of the same as the said late Kings or either of them had or myght have had and the Defendants like Annfweres as they had or myght have had for their discharge in of and for the same and that all Offices of the said Duchie which require aftuell Exercise Graunied by our said sov'ain Lord the King before this p'fent Aft to any ptonnc or p'fonnes be as efteftual and available to the same Grauntes and they to have and Enjoye their Offices accordyng to the Tenor of their Graunts and l'res Patents as if the Grauntes were made unto them by oure feide souv'ain Lord astir this' p'fent Aft and all other Graunts made or to be made to any p'fonne yevying Auftorite to him to make or depute any Officer or Officers of the said Duchie be utterly voide and of noon efteft Savyng to all the Kings Liege People other than the said Cardinal] and other w' him above named and their Heires claym ing by the said Act and the Heires of the said late Kinges Edward and Richard such Title Right ac cion and int'efle as they had or Should have had if this p'fent Aft had not been made and that it be or deyned Enabled and Established by the said Advice alfent and Auftorite that the King our sov'aine Lord have hold enjoye and poflede to him and his Heires forev'more from the said xxj Day of August the Duchie of Cornewaile and all Honnours Caltells Lordlhipps Mannours Lands Tenements Rents re v'fions Services Possessions Advoufons and other Hereditaments wall the Membres and appurten'n'c's be longyng and apperteyning to the said Duchie or were perteynyng annexed reputed or taken parcell of the same any time of the Reigne of Henry the vith Edward the iiijth late Kinges of Englonde In as ample and large manner w' all lib'tees and franchefes and other things to the same belongyng in like manner fourme and condic'on as the said Kynges or either of theym had occupied used and enjoyed in the same any time duryng their feid Reignes And that by the same Auftorite it be Ordeyned and Enacted that our said souv'ain Lord have hold poflede and Enjoye to him and his Heires forevermore th'erldome Honno' and Lordlhipp' of Richemond otherwise called Richemont and all Caftells Townes Lordlhipps man'ors Lands ten'ts Rents rev'ftons s'vices Advoufons Possessions and other Hereditaments which John late Duke of Bedford or Edmond Erie of Richmond Fadre to oure said souv'ain Lord or either of them had w‘ all Membres Franchefes lib'tees and other Thinges appurten'n'c's of the said Erldom Honnour or Lordlhipp' or in anywise p'teynyng or belongyng or were p'teynyng or belong yng to the same In as ample wise and like manner fourme and conffic'on as the said late Due or Erie or either of them had and also have take hold poflede and Enjoye to him and his Heyres for ev'more the Baronye Lordlhipp' and Mannour of Kendall and Mannour and Lordlhipp of Werefdale and all Lands ten'ts Rents Services Reversions Possessions Advowfons and other Hereditaments w' the Membres of the same in the Countees of Lancaftr' weftm'land and York which the said John late Due of Bedford or Edmond Erje of Richmond fadr' to our said souv'ain Lord or either of them had w' all lib'tees franchefes and other thinges p'teynyng or belongyng to the same In as ample wise and like manner fourme and condic'on as the said late Due or Erie or either of them had Savying to Margaret Countefle of Richemond Moder to our said souv'ain Lord such Right Title and int'efle in and or the Premises as file hath or ought to have in the same'or eny parte therof Savying also to al other the Kinges Leige People other than such as have or had any thyng or iat'eflte in and of the Premises or any part of them by any of the said Kinges Henry the vjth or Edward the iiijth such Right Title Clayme and Int'efle as they have or ought to have if the said Aches had not be made And that it be Ordeyned by the said Auftorite that all Graunts of Offices of eny of the said Possessions made and graunted by our said souv'aihe Lord by Letters Patentz to any p'fonne or p'fonnes before this present Aft be as good effeftuall and available unto the Grauntes accordyng to the Tenor of the same Graunts and Letters Patentz as if the said Grants and l'res Patentz had be made unto them astir this present Aft Provided alwey that this p'nt Aft northeast any Aft made or to be made in this p'fent Parliament be not in enywyfe hurtfull and p'judiciall to the Abbot of the monaft'ie of our Lady Saint Mary wffiut tl>e Walks of the Cite of Yorke northeast to the Convent of the same northeast to their sueceftors touchyng any Lands ten'ts or Hereditaments now being in the Possession of the same Abbot the which were at any time parcell of the foresaid Duchie of Lancaftr' And also it be Ordeigned and Established by the said Auftorite that whanfoev'r our said Sovereign Lord by the Grace of God have first a Soonne of his Body laufully begotyn that the same Son and Prince have and Enjoy the said Duchie of Cornwaile with all the Honnours Caftellis Maners Londys Tenements and other Possessions belonging to the same in as ample and large fourme and man'er as any Prince first begotyn Soonne of any King Lath hadde or Enjoyed afore this. This Able or eny thyng therein conteyncd notwithstandyng Tenor vero cedule fcquitur fub hac ferive verbor' Provided alwey that any Aft of Refumpcion or eny other Able made or to be made in this present Parliament be not in any wise hurtfull northeast prejudiciall to oure well belovjd Cofyn Cecile Duchesse of York northeast to the hurt northeast voidying to or of eny l'res Patentes made to the same Duchesse northeast extende northeast Touch to the hurt or prejudice other into or of eny Caftelles Lordftiippes Maners Londes Tenements and possessions or eny p'cell of theyme the which the same Duchesse hadde and possessed the last Day of the

P 2, Reign'

From the Rolls.

Reign' of King Edward the fourth Que quidem Billa cum Cedula Coibz in d'co Parliamento exiften7 trailfportata suit Cui quidem Bille ijdcm Combines Affenfum suum p'buerunt in forma Sequentia Cell bilk les l'o'enz fount affentz Cedule prcdide ijdem co'es Similiter affenfum suum dederunt Sub hijs Verbis A Ceft Cedule les co'enz fount affentuz quib'z quidem Billa Cedula et affenfu coram d'no Roge in Parliamento p'd'co ledis Auditis et plenius intelledis de Avifamento et affenfu Duor' sp'ualiu' et 1 em poraliu' in d'co Parliamento similiter exiften' ac Coitatis p'd'ce necnon audoritate ejusdem cifdem Bille et Cedule Refpondebatur fub eo qui Sequitur tenore verbor' Le Roy le voet en toutz pointz.

Anno primo Henrici feptisnu

Statutes made at Westminster in the first Year of King Henry the seventh, and in

the Year of our Lord, 1485.

TH E King our Sovereign Lord Henry the seventh after the Conquest, by the Grace of God, King of England and of France, and Lord of Ireland, at his Parliament held at Westminjter the seventh Day of November, in the first year of his Reign, to the honour of God and holy Church, and for the common profit of this Realm, by the afient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in the said Parliament assembled^ and by Authority of the said Parliament, hath done to be made certain Statutes and Ordinances, in manner and form following.

CAP. I.

An Act to maintain a Formedon against the Pernor of the Profits of Lands enfeoffed to use.

Fourmedone,

Feoffcmems.

Pernor de profits.

FIRST, That where diverse of the Kings subjects having cause of Action' by Formedon in the defcen der, or else in the remainder, by force of any tail for Lands and Tenements, bedefrauded and delayed of their said Actions, and oftentimes without remedy, because of Feoffments made of the same Lands and Tenements to persons unknown, to the intent that the demandants would not know against whom they shall take their actions: It is ordeined, eftablifned and enacted by the advice of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in the said Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That the demandant in every such case have his action against the Pernor or Pernors of the profits of the Lands or Tenements demanded, whereof any person or persons been enfeoffed to his or their use, and the same.pernor or Pernors named as Tenant or Tenants in the said action, have the same vouchers, and their lien thereupon, aid prayer, and all other advantages, as the same Pernor or Pernors should have had, if they were Tenants indeed, or as their feoffees should have had, if the same action had been conceived against them. And if it fortune any person to decease so having feoffees to the use of him. or of his heirs, the said heir being within age, against whom such action is brouglvt as Pernor; then the same heir shall have his age in the said action conceived against him, and all other advantages, as if the ancestor had died seized of the said Lands and Tenements foin demand. And also it is ordained by the said Authority, That all recoveries as dial] be in any such actions against such Pernor or Pernors, and their heirs, and their said feoffees and their heirs, and the co feoftees of the said Pernors and their heirs, shall be as good to the recoverers and their heirs, as though the said Pernor or Pernors were Tenants indeed, or feoffees to their use, or their heirs, as is abovesaid, of the freehold of the said Lands and Tenements, at any time of the said action used.

Anno

APPENDIX

109

Anno tertio H e n r i C i feptimi.

The second Parliament held in the third year of King He NRY the Seventh.

TH E King our Sovereign Lord Henry the Seventh, by the grace of God King of England and of France, and Lord of Ireland, at his Parliament held at Westminster, the ninth day of November, in the third year of his noble Reign, to the Worship of God and holy Church, and for the commonwealth of this his Realm, by the advice of his Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in the present Parliament aflfembled, and by authority of the same Parliament, hath ordained and established certain Statutes and Ordinances, in manner and form as hereafter enfueth.

CAP. VII

A Certificate shall be made of Goods brought into one Port and removed to another;

One man shall not enter Goods in the name of another.

IT £ M, The King our Sovereign Lord, by the advice and afleht of the' Lords' Spiritual and T empo Merchant.

ral, and the Commons assembled in the said Parliament, and by authority of the same, hath ordained and enabled, That every Merchant, as well Denizen as Stranger, which shall bring from henceforth any manner of Goods into any Port within this Realm by way of Merchandise, and there do enter the said Goods or Merchandises in the Books of the Customers of the said Port where the Goods andcustomers‘ Merchandises shall first come to, and the king's duty thereof, the said Customers contented, or therefore with him agreed, and afterward that done, will convey or carry the same Goods or Merchandises from thence in any other Port within the said Realm: That then the owner of the said Goods and Merchandises, his Factor or Atturney, shall bring from the Customers of the Port where the said Goods or mer chandifes be so entered, a Certificate under the same Customers Seals, directed to the Customers of thecmificates‘ Port whereto the said Goods or Merchandises shall be conveyed or carried, making mention within the same Certificate, as well of the natural colour, length, and valure of all Merchandises so entered, used to be measured with Eln or Yard, as of the natural weight, content or valure of all manner other mer ehandifes, used to be weighed or valured : And that the same Certificate so made be delivered to the said Customers, before the said Goods be discharged, so that they may see whether the nature, colour, or length, valure, content, or weight of the same, do agree with the said Certificate, so that the King be not deceived or his Customs and subsidies thereof due. And if any Certificate from henceforth be made by any Customer of any Port whereto any such Merchandises or Goods shall be first brought, and there in their Books entered, not making mention according as is aforesaid: that then the said Customer or Customers, for their misbehaving, shall lose their Office, and make fine with the King for the same at his pleasure. And furthermore, if any such Goods or Merchandises, or any parcel thereof be difeharg -- Jed, unpacked, or put to sale within any Port than within the same where they shall be first entered, bo fore the said Certificate shall be delivered, and the same Goods and Merchandises seen, according as above is expressed: that then all the said Goods or Merchandises be forfeited to the King our Sovereign Lord; the one half thereof to remain to his Highness, and the other half to him or them which shall prove any such Goods or Merchandises so forfeited. And that the Customer or Customers, nor no Deputy to any such common Officer to whom such Certificate shall come, take nothing for the sight of the same Goods so certified : Also it is ordained and established by authority aforesaid, That no manner of Merchant, Denizen, northeast Stranger, do take upon him to enter, or cause to be entered in the Books of any, » th customer of any Port within this Realm, any manner Merchandises coming into this said Realm, or Mer a going out of the same, in any other Merchants name, saving only the name of the true Merchant owner of the same, upon pain of forfeiture of all such Goods and Merchandises so entered : And every of the Controller, said Merchants, which so shall take upon him to cause such untrue entry to be made, to have imprison st;, "; leer, ment and make fine therefore at the king's pleasure: : that no person take upon him to be Customer, Comptroller, or Searcher in any Port, in any City, Borough or Town, where he is common Officer, nor no Deputy to any such common Officer, upon pain of forfeiture for every half year that he occupieth the said common Office, and Office of Customerfhip, Comptroller or Searcher, the sum of XL LI the one half thereof to the King, and the other half to him that will sue for it by Writ, Bill or Information.

f

Anno

no

APPENDIX,

Maior of London.

Thames,

Neties,

Breaches,

Creekes,

.Wards.

Anno quarto H E n r I C i fcptimi.

The third Parliament held in the fourth year of the Reign of King Hen. VII

TO the worship of God and holy Church, and for the common weal and profit of this Realm of England, our Sovereign Lord Henry by the Grace of God, King of England and France, and Lord of Ireland, the Seventh after the Conquest, at his Parliament held at Wcflminfier, the thirteenth day of January, in the fourth year of his Reign, by the advice and assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in the said Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, hath done to be made, ordained, and ftablilhed diverse Statutes and Ordinances in form as followeth.

CAP. XV

The Mayor of London and his succeltors shall have the like conservation and authority in all the ilfues, breaches, and ground overflown, as far as the water ebbeth and floweth, grown out of the River of Flames, as touching the punishments for using unlawful Nets and Engines, as he hath within the said River. P R.

IT E M, where the Maior of the City of London, for the time being, is conferuatour, hauing the conferuation of the water and riuer of Thames, from the bridge of Stanes vnto the waters of yen dale and Medeway: It is so that within few yeres, by tempest of weather and great aboundance of waters in the said riuer of Thames, diverse breaches issues and creekes, have been and growen out of the said riuer of Thames, and by the same diverse pastures, medowes, and grounds of diverse persons been drowned and ouerilowen: In which breaches issues and creekes, and ground drowned, the frye and brood of fffh for the mod: partrefteth, and in the same place the said frye and broode in great multitude daily is taken by the said fiffiers there, with vnlawfull engines and nettes for baite of Eeles and Coddes, and also for the feeding of their Hogges, to the vtter deftrublion of the said frye and broode, without a remedy the rather be prouided : The King our said Soueraigne Lord by the advice of the Lords lpirituall and temporal!, and at the prayers of the Commons in the said Parliament assembled', and by authoritie of the same, hath ordained, ftablished, and enabled, that the Maior of london, and his successors Maiors for the time being, have the conferuation and rule, and like authority in every of the said breaches, issues, and creekes, and ground so drowned and ouerflown, as far as the water ebbeth and floweth, as touching the punition for vfing of vnlawfull nettes and. other vnlawful engines in fishing, like as hee and his predeceffours have or hath in the same water and river of Thames, within the boundes afore rehearsed: : to doe all other like correction and punishment there concerning the reformation and redresse of unlawfull nettes and engins, as he and his predecessors have vfed and ought to vfe in the said riuer of Thames. Prouided always, that the Maior ot London, or his successors Maiors for the time being, have not the conferuation nor rule nor authorite in any of the said breaches, issues, creekes and grounds so drowned, and ouerflowen within the Kings ground, or being within any Franchises of any person or persons spirituall and temporall, as touching the punition for vfing of vnlawful nettes and other vnlawfull engins in fishing, nor to doe any correbtion or punishment there concerning the reformation and redresse of vnlawfull nets and engines, as the said Maior and his successors have vfed and ought to vie in the said riuer of Thames.

CAP. XVII

- ' • • -. i

The charges and benefit of the Heir of Cejli que use.

ITEM, where by a Statute made at Marlebridge, it was ordained, that when tenants made Feoffe _! merits in fraud to make the Lords of the see to lose their wardes, the Lords should have writs to re couer their wardes against such Feoffes, as in the said Statute among other things appeareth morcplaine LV at large : Sith the making of which Statute many imaginations have been had, and yet been vfed, as well by feoffements, fines, and recoueries, as otherwise, to put Lords from their Wardes of Lands held of them by Knights service: It is therefore ordained, fiablished, and enabled by authoritie of the said present Parliament, that the said Statute of Marlebourgh be obferued and kept in all manner of things, after the form and cffebl thereof. And oner that it is ordained and enabled, by the said authorite, that if any person or persons, of what ellate, degree, or condition he or they be of, or hereafter shall be, seized in demesne or in reuertion of estate, of inheritance, being tenant immediate to the Lords of any Castles, Manors, - Lands and Tenements, or other hereditaments, held by Knights fetuice in his or their demeane as of Fee, to the vfe of any other person or persons, and of his heires only, he to whole vfe he or they be so seized dieth, his heire being within age, no will by him declared nor made in his life touching the premises or any of them: the Lord of whom such Caities, Manors,

8 Lands,

Ill

APPENDIX.

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments bee held immediately, shall have a writ of right of warde, as well for the body as for the land, as the Lord (hold have had, if the same ancefter had been in pofieflion of that estate so being in vfe at the time of his death, and no such state to his vfe made. And if any such heire be of full age at the death of his ancefter to pay a releefe, as his ancefter, whose heire hee is, had been in possession of that estate so being in vfe at the time of his death, and no such estate to. his vfe made or had. It is alio ftablilhed and enacted, by the fid authoritie, that such heire or heires, so being in ward, shall have like action of waste against the said Lords, or against them in whose warde they so be, as they or any of them should have had, and recouer such damages and such penalties to be to the said Lord and gardeans as should have been if their ancefter had died thereof seized. And ouer if any such Lord bring any such writ of right of ward against such person or persons, and be barred in the same: that then the same defendant or defendants, shall recouer damages against the said plain tifes for their wrongfull vexation in the same. Prouided alwayes that this a&e begin to take eftedi of the heires of them that shall die after the feast of Easter that shall be in the yeere of our Lord m.cccc.lxxxx.

CAP. XIX

The penalty for decaying of Hotifes of Husbandry, or not laying of convenient Land for

the maintenance of the same.

IT EM, the King our Soueraigne Lord, hauinga Angular pleaiure aboue all things to auoide such enormities and mifehiefes, as bee hurtfull and preiudiciall to the common weale of this his land and his Houses of Huf. fubie&s of the same, remembretli that among all other things great inconueniences daily doe increase by^d^0 u " desolation and pulling down, and wilfull waste of houses and townes within this Realm, and laying to pasture lands, which customably have been vfed in tillage, whereby idlenefie, which is the ground and beginning of all mifehiefes, daily doth increase. For where in some townes two hundred persons were occupied and hued by their lawful labours, now there are occupied two or three heardmen, and the residue fall into idlenefie, the husbandrie which is one of the greatest commodities of this Realm is greatly decayed. Churches destroyed, the service of God withdrawen, the bodies there buried not prayed for, the Patrons and Curates wronged, the defence of this land against our enemies outward, feebled and impaired, to the great difpleaiure of God, to the fubuerfion of the pollicie and good rule of this land, if remedy be not prouided : Wherefore the King our Soueraigne Lord by the aduice of the Lords Spiritual] and temporall, and the Commons in this said Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, hath ordained, enacted and ftablilhed, that no person, of what estate degree or condition that he be, that hath any house or houses, that at any time within three yeers parted, hath been or that now is, or that hereafter shall be let for ferme with XX acres of land at lead, or more, lying in tillage and Husbandrie, that the owner and owners of euery such house or houses and land, doe keep fuf taine and maintaine houses and buildings vpon the said ground, and land convenient and necessary for maintaining and vpholding of the said tillage and Husbandrie. And if any such owner or owners of any such house or houses and land, take land and occupie any such house or houses, and keep in his or their own hands, that the said owner or owners by the said authoritie be bound in like wise to keep Tillage and maintaine houses and buildings vpori the said ground and land conuenient and necessary for the maintaining and vpholding of the fa de tillage and Husbandrie. And if any man doe contrary to the premises or any of them, that then it be lawful to the King, if any such lands or houses be held of him immediately, or to the Lords of the Fees, if any such lands be held of them immediately, to receive yeerely half the value of the ifliies and proftts of any such lands, whereof the house or houses be not so maintained and sustained. And the same half deale of the ifiues and profits to have, hold and keep to his or their own vie, without anything therefore to be paid or given, till such time as the same house or houses bee fyfficiently builded or repaired again. And that no manner of freehold be in the King, nor in any such Lord or Lords, by the taking of any such profits, of or in any such lands in no manner of form : but only the King and the said Lord or Lords, have power to take, receive, and have the said issues and profits, as is aboue said, and therefore the King or the said Lord or Lords to have power to diftrainc for the same issues and profits to be had and perceiued by them, in form aboue fayde, by authoritie of this present Acte.

dims

1x2

APPENDIX

Execution.

Socage.

jbondman.

Anno decirno now Henrici feptimi.

HE N RI C U S Dei gratia Rex Anglite & Francis, & Dominus Hibernian, Vicecomiti eitex falutem. Prascipimus tibi firmiter injungentes, quod in fingulis locis infra balli vatxi tuam, tam intra libertates, quam extra, ubi magis expediens videris, publicas procla mationes, quorundam Statutornm & Ordinationum in .ultimo Parliaraento noftro, aufloriate ejusdem Parliament! editorum, fieri facias in forma fequenti.

ftps H E King our Sovereign Lord Henry the seventh after the Conquest, by the grace of g God, King of England and of France, and Lord of Ireland, at his Parliament held at Westminster the sixteenth day of January, .in the nineteenth year of his Reign, to the honour of God and holy Church, and for the common weal and profit of this his Realm, and by the alien t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in the said Parliament aim bled; and by authority of the same Parliament, hath done, to be made certain Statutes and Ordinances, in manner and form following.

CAP. XV

Several charges imposed upon the lands and persons of Ceftuy que use.

‘ tn RA1EN the Commons in this present Parliament alfembled, that where diverse and many 4 B'' persons be defrauded of their execution as well of and upon reeognifances, statutes of the staple 4 JL statutes merchants to them made, as of their .debts and damages recovered in Actions of debt, 4 trefpafies, or other Actions : and foin likewise the Lords of whom any lands and tenements be held ‘ in socage, of their reliefs, and fomctime of their Heriots, by reason that he so being bound or aeon 4 demned, and also he that of right ought to be very tenant to the Lord of whom such lands and tene 4 ments be held, caufeth by line, feoffment, recovery, or otherwise, diverse persons to be seized of 4 the said lands, tenements, and other hereditaments only to his ufc, he taketh the profits of the same, 4 to the great hurt, .deceit, and defraud of the Kings true liege people within this his Realm, if that re 4 medy be not therefore purveyed.' In eonfideration whereof, be it ordained, established, and enacted by the King our Sovereign Lord, by the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That from henceforth it shall be lawful for every Sheriff, or other officer, to whom any Writ or Precept is or shall'be directed at the suit of any person or persons, to have any execution of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, against any person or persons, of, for, and upon any Condemnation, Eftatute Merchant, Eftatute of the Staple, Reeognifanee hereafter to be made or had, to do, make; - and deliver execution unto the party in that behalf filing, of all fueh Lands and Tenements, as any other person or persons be in any manner of .wife seized, or hereafter shall be seized in any wise, to the only use of him against whom Execution is so sued, like as the said Sheriff or other Officer might or ought to have done if the said party against whom Execution hereafter shall so be sued, had been solely seized, of the said Lands and Tenements of such Estate as they be seized of to his use at the time of the said Execution sued. And over that, be it ordained by the said authority, that the Lords of whom any fueh Lands and Tenements be held in Socage, shall from henceforth after the death of him to whose use any person or persons as is aforesaid be seized (and no Will thereof declared) have his relief, Heriot, and all other duties, like as the said Lord ought or might have had if he had died seized of the same. Provided always, that every such person against whom execution is or shall be had of Lands and Tenements, so being in possession of other persons to his life, may have all such advantage in the Law against him or them that so have execution of the Lands or Tenements afore rehearsed, as he might or should have had if he had been solely seized of the said Lands and Tenements at time of the said execution sued. And over that, be it ordained by the said authority, That if any Bondman purchase any Lands or Tenements in see Ample, fee tail, or for term of life, or for term of years, and caufeth Estate to be made to diverse persons to his life, or taketh Estate to himself and to diverse other joyntly with him and to his use and behoof, that it shall be lawful to the Lord of any fueh Bondman to enter during the same use, into the Lands and Tenements and every pared thereof so purchased by his Bondman, in like manner and form as he might have done, if the said Bondman had only been seized of the said Lands and Tenements in fee or otherwise.

8

Anno

APPENDIX

JI3

Anno ter tit Henrici osiavi.

TH E King our Sovereign Lord, Henry the eighth after the Conquest, by the grace of God, King of England, and of France, and Lord of Ireland, at his Parliament held at Weftmmfter the fourth day of February, in the third year of his most noble Reign, to the honour of God and holy Church, and for the common weal and profit of this Realm, by the assent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, hath done to be made certain Statutes and Ordinances, in manner and form following.

CAP. V

An Act for payment of Wages to Soldiers.

‘ "■ ' ORASMUCH that the King our Sovereign Lord intendeth, by the grace of God, to send C r1 over l^le ca a Sreat Army, milling thereby, not only to preserve this his Realm in its ancient ‘ JL Fame and Honour, but also to fet in perfect Peace and Tranquillity his Subjects of the same,

‘ and the better to be disposed to serve God : Howbeit, many times by the inordinate covctoufnefs of C Captains retained with Princes afore this time, great part of the number of Soldiers, for whom such C Captains have indented with Princes at time of need, have lacked of the number of Soldiers, where ‘ by great jeopardy hath infued, and irrecuperable damages may ensue, if remedy therefore be not seen ‘ and had: ' Be it therefore ordained by authority of this present Parliament, That if any Captain be captains, retained, or hereafter shall be, to serve the King on the Sea, or beyond the Sea in seat of War, which have not his, or their whole and perfect number of men and Soldiers, according as he fltall be retained with the King, or give not them their full Wages, without abridgment, as he shall receive of thewaees'

King for them : he fltall for such default forfeit to the King all his Goods and Chattels, and their bodyforfcjt> to Prison. And that every Captain, petit Captain, and all other having under them retinue of soul dier or Soldiers at the Kings Wages, shall (upon the pain aforesaid) pay to the retinue of the soul dier or Soldiers, and every of the same, the Wages rateably as is allowed unto them by the King our Sovereign Lord, or the Treasurer of his Wars, without lessening or withdrawing of any part thereof;

And for as long time as they fltall receive Wages for them, this payment to be made unto the said retinues, every Sotildier of the same, of their Captains, and petit Captains, always within six days next and immediately after that the said Captain, petit Captain, or other, fltall have received their Wages of the King, or of the Treasurer of his Wars, or of their Lords or Mafcers.

II And if any Souldier, being no Captain, immediately retained with the King, which hereafter Soldiers da' fltall be in Wages, and retained, or take any Prcft to serve the King upon the Sea, or upon the Land, jai t "lt, 10ut or beyond the Sea, depart out of the king's service, without licence of the Kings Lieutenant there, Fdony'. that iuclt departing be taken, deemed, and adjudged Felony: And that he so offending suffer for the ■

said offence, punishment and execution of Felony.

III And furafmuclr as his offence ftretchcth to the hurt and jeopardy of the King our Sovereign Ciergie.

Lord, the Nobles of the Realm, and of all the Common, weal thereof, that therefore he or they so Iufti,; es of the offending (not being within Orders of holy Church) enjoy not the benefit of his Clergy. And that it CL be ordained by the said authority, That the Juilices of the Peace of every Shire of England where any such omendors be taken, have puwer to inquue of the said offences, and the same hear and determine, as they do and may do of Felonies, Trespasses, and other offences expressed in the Kings Commission to them made, as though the said offences were done in the same Shire: Anti also that the said departing of such Soldiers, and also their retainers, if it be travelled' ' tried in the same Shire where they be for such causes arrelled and arraigned.

IV Provided always. That no Captain le charged by this Act for lack cf his number retained, as is abovesaid, whole Soldiers shall happen to die, or otheiwifc depart, not in the default of the Captain; so that the said Captain, if lie be at Land wages, show the departing or lacking cf his Souldier within ten days; seer the lacking of the said Souldier, unto the Kings Lieutenant there, and to the Treasurer of the Wars : Or if the Captain be at the sea wages, if he fhvw the departing or lacking of the soul dierfo lacking, to the Admiral of the Navy where he is retained, at the next meeting with the said Admiral. Provided always. That this Acl extend nut to any Captains or Soldiers, that now be, or hereafter shall be retained whhln the Towns of Calite, lla.nmes and Guifnes, Rjfebank, Berwick and Wain, or any of them, and the Marches of the same..

Provided always. That this Act be not prejudicial nor hurtful to the said Captains, petit Captains, nor any other, having under them retinue of Soldiers, nor any of them, for nonpayment of the 1 Flings Wages to their houlhold Servants and other, to whom they shall daily find and give meat and drink during the said service of War. *

APPEND.

Q.

Anna

APPENDIX

i

I 14

Anno quarto Henrici obavl.

At Westminster the fourth day of November after the Prorogation.

CAP. II

An Act for punishment of murder.

* T T THEREAS, robberies, murders, and fellonies daily increase more and more, and bee com --

‘ mitted and done in more heinous open and detestable wife then hath'beene oft seen in

* times patt, and the persons so offending little regard the punishment thereof, by the course ‘ of the common-law, northeast by reason of any Statute heeretofore made, but bear them bold of their

* Clergy, and imagining and; pleading of fairied and vntrue forreine Plees, triable in forreine Counties,

‘ to the intent to be remooued from place to place, by colourable and vntrue suggestions, and for to be'

* vntruely acquit by fauour, might, and corruption so that they liue in manner without fear or dread.' For reformation whereof, and for the common wealth of this Realm, and to put the said murderers, fellons, and offendors in more fear and dread foto offend : be it ordained, ellablished and enabled by the King our Sovereigne Lord, the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the commons in this present

Church. Parliament assembled, and by authoritie of the same, that all person or persons hereafter committing

high wares. murder or fellonie in any Church, Chappell, or halowed place, or of and vpon malice prepenfed, rob

Houles. or murder any person or persons in the Kings highway, or else rob or murder any person in his house,

Clergs, the owner or dweller of the house, his wife, child or feruant then being therein, and put in fear or

dread by the same, that such persons so offending, be not from henceforth admitted to his or their clergy, such as be within holy orders only except. And ouer that be it enabled by the said authoritie, that if any murderer or fellon vpon his arreignement, heerement, doe aledge, that he had taken any Church or Churchyard for murder, felony, or other place priuiledged for the same in a forreine Coun -- tie, and against his will taken put thereof, that then the Kings Attournie or any other person that will sue or allege for the King, that the said murderer or fellon so arreigned, was taken at large in the same Shire where he is so arreigned, that then the same allegeance and issue to be tried by the Inquest that should trie the said murder or fellonie within the same Shire, and before the same Justice where the said murderer or fellon is arreigned, as though the said forreine Plee had not been pleaded by the said fellon. And if it be found by the same Inquest, that the said murderer or fellon was taken within the same Shire' (as is aforesaid) that then hee to have none aduantage or benefit of the matter alleged by him for taking, out of the Church or Churchyard or other place priuileged in any such forreine Shire, and this Abt to in dure to the next Parliament.

CAP. VI

An Act for fealmg of Clothes of Gold and Silver.

4 IT 7 HERE at a Parliament held in the twelfth year of the Reign of King Edward the, Fourth, -4 W amongst other it was ordained, established, and enabled, That the Collebtors of the Subfuly,. 4 and the Comptrollers should at all times be ready when they should be required, to seal any manner of 4 Cloth of Gold, Silver, Baudekin, Velvet, Damask, Saten, Sarfenet, Tartron, Chambler, and every 4 other cloth of Silk, and every corse of Silk and Gold, and every corse of Silk of the making beyond 4 the Sea, and the same merchandises should seal at every time when they should be required, without 4 delay, tarrying or anything for their sealing to take by any mean, upon the pain of forfeiture to th" 4 .owner of iuch merchandises XX s. by every of the said Colleblors and Comptrollers at every time when 4 they refuse to seal any such merchandises, after such requell made, or take anything for sealing of any 4 such merchandises, as by the same Abt amongst other things more plainly appeereth. Sithen the make 4 mg of which Abt the said Colleblors and Comptrollers, and their Cleiks, not fearing the penalty limited 4 in the same Abt, have used, and daily use to take for sealing of every piece of the same merchandises 4 above rehcarfed, ij. d. to the great loss, hurt and damage of the Merchants owners of the same: For 4 the same Merchants at many times bring and convey in one Ship iij. or iiij. M. pieces of the same mer 4 chandifes, which amounteth to XXX or XL LI after the rate of ij. d. a piece. And forasmuch as the fore 4 said penalty expieffed .in the said Statute is but XX s. therefore the said Colleblors, - Comptrollers, nor 4 their Clerks fear not to run in the jeopardy of the same: ' wherefore be it ordained and enabled by the King our Sovereign Lord, the Lords spiritual and temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament aflemblej, and by the Authority of the same. That from henceforth the Colleblors and comptrol eoiietfcrs. lots said Subsidy, nor their Clerks nor any of them, take for the fealmg of any piece of the said

Coiuiotieis. Merchandises (.above rehearsed) anything, upon pain of forfeiture at every time, XX LI

If. And alio be it enabled by the same authority, that if, and as often as the same Colleblors and ' Comptrollers, or any of them unreasonably delay, or tarry the said Merchants, or any of them, for and about the fe; ling of the same merchandises; that then and so often the same Colleblors and Comptrollers, and every of them so unreasonably delaying and tarrying the same Merchants, or any of them, to forfeit Forfeit. for the same XL s. the one moiety of every of the said penalties (fo forfeited) to be to the King our Sovereign

Lord, and the other moiety thereof to the merchant so grieved, that will sue for the same by way

of

APPEND I X II

of information in the Kings Efchequer, or by a£hon or bill of Debt, after the order of the common-law, as in other actions of debt is used: In which action the Defendant shall not be admitted, to wage his Law, nor protection, nor essoin to be to him allowed in the same fuitfor the said forfeiture.

CAP. VIII

An Ast concerning Richard! Strode.

4 T Amentably complaineth and fhewcth vnto your raoft difcreete wifdomes in tills present Parliament

* I. j assembled, Richard Strode Gentleman of the county of Deuonfhire, one of the burgesses of this 4 honourable house for the Burgh of Plimton in the County aforesaid, that where the said Richard. con 1 descended and agreed with other of this house, to put foorth certain Bils in this, present Parliament

* against certain persons, named Tinners in the County aforesaid, for the reformation of the periihing,

‘ hurting, .and destroying of diverse Ports, Hauens, and Creeks, and other bils for the common weale or 4 the said County,, the which herein this high Court of Parliament Should and ought to be communed 4 and. treated of.

4 And for because the said Richard is a Tinner, for the causes & afore rehearsed, one lohn 4 Furfe Tinner. vnder steward of the Steimerie in the said county, in & at foure Courts of tyre said 4 Steimerie at diverse places and times before him feuerally held in the said. County, he and. other have ‘ condemned the said Richard in the sum of one hundred and threescore poundes: that, is to wit, at euery 4 Court day forty poundes, and by the procurement of the said lohn Furfe, at the said foure feuerall 4 Courts and Lawdaies, in the said Steimerie, by him held, in this manner published and said, that tyre

* same Richard at the last Parliament held at Westminster, would have auoided and vtterly destroyed 4 all liberties, priuileges, and franchises concerning the Steimerie: by reason whereof the said Richard,

4 vpon foure bils had and made thereof by the said lohn Furfe and other, caused that the said Richard.

4- was presented and founden guilty of the premises in euery of the said Courts in sortie pounds to 4 be lost and forfeit by him, by reason of an at and Ordinance by Tinners made and had at a place in 4 the said county called Crokerentor: the tenor of th'e which Acte appeareth in a Scedule to his Bill 4 annexed : to the which the said Richard was neuer warned nor called to make anfwere to the premises,

4 contrary to all laws, right, reason, and good conscience. And for the execution of the same, one John 4 Agwilliam vpon a furmiie by him made to the Kings highnefle to the said condemnation to be to his 4 grace forfeit, thereof atteined a Bill afiigned of twentie pounds parcell of the said hundred and three 4 score poundes, to be to him granted by the said Kings highnefle: whereupon the said lohn Agwilliam 4 and other caused the said Richard to be taken and imprisoned in a dungeon and a deepe' pit vnder 4 the ground in the Castle of Lidford in the said County, and there and ehewhere remained by 4 the space of three weekes and more, vnto such time he was deliuered by a Writ of Ptiuiledge out of 4 the Kings Exchequer at Westminster, for that hee was one of the Colledtours in the said County for 4 the first of the two ghiindeims granted at and in this present Parliament: the which prison is one of the 4 most hatvious, contagious, and detestable places within this Realm; so that by reason of the same im 4 prisonment he was put in great perill and ieoperdie of his life, and the said Richard so being in prison,

4 and the said lohn Agwilliam feeing the same cruell imprisonment of the said Richard, entreated and 4 instantly desired one Philip Furfe (then being keeper of the said prison) ftreidlly to keep the said Ri

4 chard in prison, and to put irons vpon him to his more greater paine and ieopardie, and to giue him but 4 bread and water onley, to the intent to cause the said Richard to be faine to content and pay him the

4 said twentie poundes. And for the same promised the said keeper foure Markes of Money : for the

* which foure markes the said Richard for to be eased of his irons and paineful imprisonment aforesaid 4 (for fauegard of his life) promised and granted to pay the said keeper foure Markes : whereof hee paid ■4 the said keeper in hand thirtcene billings foure pence. And ouer that the said Richard for to bee 4 eased of his said painefull impr fonment, was also of neccflhic driuen to be bounden to 'Thomas Denis,

4 deputy vnto sir Henry Mamie Knight, Warden of the said Stemerife, in an obligation of the sum of ‘ and C LI Vpon condition whereof part is as hereafter follcweth : that is to lay, that if the abouo 4 bounde Richard Strode, defend and iitue harmelefle ihe laid Thomas Denis, and to vfe himself as true 4 prisoner during the time it shall please the King to have him prisoner in the Castle of Lidford, and, 4 also to do nothing, whereby he shall in the Law he deemed out of piifon, and other articles compfifed 4 in the said condition, the which the said Richard perfectly remembereth not: ' Wherefore the premises by your great wifedomes tenderly considered, the said Richard humbly prayetli, that it may bee ordeined, eftablifned and enacted, by the King our Soveraigne Lord, and by the Lords lpirituafl and temporal!, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authoritie of the same, that the said condemnation and condemnations of rite laid Hundred and threescore pounds, and every parcell thereof, and iudgements and executions had or to be had for the premises, or any of them, to bee vtterly voyde against the said Richard and of none effi ct.

II And ouer that it bee enacted by the said authoritie, tlut all fuites, accufements, condemnations, exe Fines for Partis .eutions, fines, amerciaments, pun fhraents, corrections, grants, charges, Sc impoiitions, put or had, ormatters hereafter to be put or had vnto or vpon the said Richard, Sc to euery other of the permit or persons. afore L fpeeified, that now be of this present Parliament, or that of any Parliament thereafter shall bee, for

any bill, speaking, reasoning, or declaring of any matter or matters, concerning the Parliament to be communed and treated of, be vtterly void and C f norre effect.

III And ouer that it be enacted by the said anthorite, that if the' fail Richard Strode, or any of all tits .Lid other person or persons, hereafter be vexed, troubled, or otherwise charged tor any causes, as is

qa aforesaid.

n6

Reuiuea.

APPENDIX.

aforesaid, that then he or they and euery of them fq vexed or troubled, of and for the same, to have art Action upon the case against euery such person or persons, so vexing or'troubling any contrary to this Ordinance' and provision, in the which Action the party grieved shall recouer treble damages and costs. And that no Protection, Fffoine, nor wager of Law in the said Action in any wise be admitted or receiued.

* T) E it inquired for our Soueraigne Lord the King, that whereas at the Parliament held at Croke 4 JD renter, before Thomas Denis, deputy to sir Henrie Mamie Knight, Warden of thestemerie, the 4 fourteenth day of September, the second yeere of the reigne of King Henrie the eight:, It w, as ordein 4 ed, established, and enacted, that (from the day aforesaid) it shall be lawful for euery man to, digge ‘ Tinne within the County of of Devonshire, in all places whereas Tinrie may be founde. And also to

* carrie the water to their works without any let or trouble of any person or persons, according to our ‘ vfages and confirmations of our Charter, and according to our custom out of mind. And if any per? ‘ son or persons let, trouble, or vexe any man to digge Tin, or to carry water for the same, contrary ‘ to our old ctiftome and vfage, and if it be founde by the verdict of twelue men at the law day, he that 4 so letteth, vexeth or troubleth any such person or persons shall fall in the penaltie of sortie poundes as 4 oft as he so vexeth or troubleth : the one half to my Lord Prince, and the other half to him that

* was so letted, vexed, or troubled, And a Fieri facias to be awarded, afwell for my Lord Prince as for

* the party, if one Richard Strode of Plirnton Tinner, at the Parliament held at Westminster the fourth 4 day of Februarie last past, letted, vexed, and troubled one tvillidm Read the yonger, and Elis Elford 4 Tinner, and all other Tinners in the same Parliament for digging of Tinne in the feuerall foile of the ‘ said Richard and other persons contrary to this our Act made.

AT a Parliament held the sixteenth day of Ianuarie, Anno Vicefmo secundo Henrici ohlaui, after diverse prorogations at Westminster, and there continued till the last day of March, and then proroged, vntill the xxiij. day of Ottober then next following.

CAP. II

An Act concerning the triall of forren pleas pleaded by Felons.

* T X 7 HERE among other things it was considered by the whole Court of Parliament of our most * excellent Soueraigne Lord the King, held in the fourth yeere of his noble reigne, that mur 4 derers and felons, lawfully arreigned of their detestable offences, bare them bold vpon imagining and 4 pleading of fained and vntrue forren pleas, triable in forren counties, to the intent to be remoued front ‘ place to place by colourable and vntrue suggestions, and for to be vntruly acquit by fauor, might 4 or corruption, so that they hued in a manner without fear or dread : for reformation whereof, and for ‘ the commonwealth of tins realm, it was enabled by authority of the said Pailiament, that if any mur ‘ derer or felon vpon his arreignement fro' thenceforth did allege, that he had taken any Church or ‘ Churchyard for murder or felony, or other place pnuileged for the same in a forren couniie, & against * will was taken out therof: that then the Kings atturnie, or any other person that would sue or 4 allege for the King, that the said murderer or felon so arreigned,, was taken at large in the same Shire, ‘ where he is arreigned, that then the same allegeance and issue Should be tried by the inquest that should * the said murder or felony within the same Shire, and before the same Justices where the said 4 murderer or felon is arreigned, as though the said forren plea had not been pleaded by the said Felon. 4 And that if it were found by the same inquest, that the said murderer or felon was taken within the ‘ same Shire, as is aforesaid, that then he to bane no aduantage or benefit of the matter alleadged by him 4 for taking out of the Church or Churchyard, or other place priuiledged in any forren Shire, and that 4 the said Act (hold endure to the next Parliament from thence infuing, as by the same Act made in 4 the said fourth yeere manifestly appeareth. And forasmuch as since the time of expiration of the said 4 Act made in the said fourth yeere many abominable murde s, as well of Priests as of other persons, 4 robberies of Churches, and robberies of persons in their heufes, as well by day as by night, and other 4 most daeftable murders and felonies have been committed & done within this Realm : and the 4 more and more often because that the said fcatute hath bin expired and ended from and since the 4 beginning of the Parliament of our said Soueraigne Lord, held in the fixed yeere of his most noble 4 reigne It is ordained and enacted by authorise of this present Parliament, that the said Act made in the said fourth yeere, and euery thing therein contained, concerning the said forren pleas and replications thereunto be made, and trials thereof Shall now be reuiued, and shall stand in full force and eliedt, and shall continue and endure from hcncefoorth for ever, as if the same Acte had been originally made perpetuall and not determinable....

Anno

APPENDIX

117

anno'picejimo tertio Henrici oelaui.

'ni 'S

At a Session of Parliament held at Wejlminjier (after diverse prorogations) the fifteenth day of Ianuary in the yeere aforesaid.

CAP. XX

An at concerning Restraint of Payment of Annates to the See of Rome.

* S' ORASMUCH as it is well perceived, by long approved experience, that great and ineftima

* ■ ble Sums of Money have been daily conveyed out of this Realm, to the impoverifliment of the

* A. same; and especially such Sums of Money as the pope's Holiness, his Predecessors, and the ‘ Court of Rome, by long time have heretofore taken of all and singular those Spiritual Persons which ‘ have been Named, Elected, Presented, or Poftulated to be Archbishops or Bishops within this Realm ‘ of England, under the Title of Annates, otherwise called Firstfruits. Which Annates, or Firstfruits

* been taken of every Archbishopric, or Bishopric, within this Realm, by restraint of the pope's ‘ Bulls, for Confirmations, Elections, Admissions, Poftulations, Provisions, Collations, Dispositions, ‘ Institutions, Inftallations, Investitures, Orders, Holy Benedictions, Palles, or other things reejuifite

* and necessary to the attaining of those their Promotions; and have been compelled to pay, before they

* could attain the same, great Sums of Money, before they might receive any part of the Fruit of the ‘ said Archbishoprick, or Bishopric, whereunto they were named, elected, presented, or populated; by

* occasion whereof, not only the Treasure of this Realm hath been greatly conveighed out of the same,

* but also it hath happened many times, by occasion of Death, unto such Archbishops, and Bishops

* newly promoted, within two or three years after his or their Consecration, that his or their Friends, ‘ by whom he or they have been holpen to advance and make paiment of the said Annates, or Firstfruits, ‘ have been thereby utterly undone and impoverilhed. And for because the said Annates have risen

* and increased, by an uncharitable Custom, grounded upon no just or good title, and the pai

* ments thereof obtained by restraint of Bulls, until the fain & Annates, or Firstfruits, have been paid, ‘ or Surety made for the lame; which declareth the said Payments to be exacted, and taken by constraint, ‘ against all equity and justice. The Noble Men therefore of the Realm, and the wife, sage, politic ‘ Commons of the same, assembled in this present Parliament, considering that the Court of Rome

* ceafeth not to tax, take, and exact the said great Sums of Money, under the Title of Annates, or First ‘ Fruits, as is aforesaid, to the great damage of the said Prelates, and this Realm; which Annates, or ‘ Firstfruits, were first suffered to be taken within the same Realm, for the only defence of Christian

* against the Infidels, and now they be claimed and demanded as mere duty, only for lucre,

* against all right and confidence. Insomuch that it is evidently known, that there hath passed out ‘ of this Realm unto the Court of Rome, lithen the second year of the Reign of the moil Noble i Prince, of famous memory, King Henry the Seventh, unto this present time, under the name of An ‘ nates, or Firstfruits, paid for the expedition of Bulls of Archbilnopricks and Bilhopricks, the sum of ‘ eight hundred thousand Ducats, amounting in Sterling Money, at the least, to eightfeore thousand pounds,

‘ besides other great and intolerable Sums which have yearly been conveighed to the said Court of Rome,

‘ by many other ways and means, to the great impoverifliment of this Realm. And albeit, that our said ‘ Sovereign the King, and all his natural Subjects, as well Spiritual as 1 emporal, been as obedient,

‘ devout, Ca holick and humble Children of God, and Holy Church, as any People be within any C Realm chriftned; yet the said exactions of Annates, or Firstfruits, be so intolerable and importable ‘ to this Realm, that it is considered and declared, by the whole Body of this Realm now represented by ‘ all the Estates of the same assembled in this present Parliament, that the king's Highness, before Al ‘ mighty God, is bound, as by the duty cf a good Christian Prince, for the conferv. tion and preservati n ‘ of the good Lftate and commonwealth of this his Realm, to do all that in him is to obviate, repress,

‘ and redress the said abufions and exactions of Annates, or Firstfruits. And because that diverse Pre ‘ lates of this Realm, being now in extreme Age, and in other debilities of their Bodies, so that of ‘ likelihood, bodily death in short time shall or may succeed unto them; by reason whereof great, sums

‘ of Money fiiall Ihortly after their deaths, be conveighed unto the Court of Rome, for the unreason _ ‘ and uncharitable Causes sbovefaid, to the universal damage, prejudice, and impoverifliment of ‘ this Realm, if speedy remedy be not in due time provided : '

II It is therefore ordained, eftab.iihed, and e.iaded, by Authority of this present Parliament,. That the.unlawful paiment of Annates, or Firstfruits, and all manner Contributions for the same, for any Archbishoprick, or Bishopric, or for any Bulls hereafter to be obtained from the Court of Rome,, to or for the aforesaid purpose and intent, lhah from henceforth utterly ceafi, and no such hereafter to be, paid for any Archbifiioprick, or Bifiioprick, within ths Realm, other or oihervvife than hereafter in this present Ad is declared; And that'no manner person. nor persons hereafter to be named, elected, presented,, poftulated to any Archbishoprick, or billiopr.ck, within this Realm, Ihali pay'the'laid. Annates, or Firstfruits, for the said Atclibilheprick, or Bifiioprick, nor any other manner of Sum or, Sums of Money, Pennons or ann„tes for the same, or for any other like exadion, or cause, upon pain to foifeit to our said Sovereign Lord the -- King, his Heirs and Successors, all manner his Goods and chattels for ever, and all the i emporal Lands and Poffelfi'jns of the same Archbilhpprick, or Bifiioprick, during the time that he or they which shall offend, contrary to this present Ad, shall have, poflds, or enjoy, the Archbishoprick, or Bishopric, wherefore he fiiall so offend contrary to the form aforesaid. And furthermore it is enabled, by Authority of this present. Parliament, That if any Person hereafter: named and presented to the Court of Rome by the King, or any of his Heirs or Successors, to be Bi

113 APPENDIX.

hop of any See or Diocese within this Realm hereafter, shall be letted, deferred, or delayed at the Court of Rome from any such Bishopric, wliereunto he shall be so represented, by means of restraint of Bulls Apostolic, and other things requisite to the same; or shall be denied, at the court of Rome, upon convenient suit made, any manner Bulls requisite for any of the Causes aforesaid, any, such person or persons so presented, may be, and (half be, consecrated here in England by the Archbishop, in whose province the said Bishopric shall be, so always that the same person shall be named and presented by the King for the time being to the same Archbishop: : if any persons being named and presented, as aforesaid, to any Archbiihoprick of this Realm, making convenient suit,. as is aforesaid, shall'happen to be letted, deferred, delayed, or otlierwife disturbed from the same Archbiihoprick, for lack of Pall, Bulls, or other to him requisite, to be obtained in the Court of Rome in that behalf, that then every such person named and presented to be Archbishop, may be, and shall be, consecrated and invested, after presentation made, as is aforesaid.. any other two Bishops within this Realm, whom the king's Highness, or any of his Heirs or Succeflbrs, Kings of england.for the time being, will assign and appoint for the same, according and in like manner as diverse other Archbishops and Bishops have been heretofore, in ancient time, by sundry the king's most noble Progenitors, made, consecrated, and invested within this Realm : And that every Archbishop and Bishop hereafter, being named and. presented by the king's Highness, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, Kings of England, and being, consecrated and invested, as is aforesaid, shall be installed accordingly, and shall be accepted, .taken, reputed, used, and obeyed, as an Archbifitop or Billtop of the Dignity, See or Place whereunto he lb shall be named, presented,, consecrated, requireth; and as other like Prelates of that Province, See, or Diocese, have been used, accepted, taken, and obeyed, which have had, and obtained completely, their Bulls, and other things requisite in that behalf from the Court of Rome. And also shall fully and entirely have and enjoy all the Spiritualities and Temporalities of the said Arehbifhoprick, or Bishopric, in as large, ample, and beneficial manner, as any of his or their prcdeceltors had, or enjoyed in the said Archbiihoprick, or Bishopric, satisfying and yielding unto the King our Sovereign Lord, and to his Heirs and Succeflbrs Kings of Englandall such Duties, - Rights and Interests, as before this time had been accustomed to be paid for any such Archbiihoprick, or Bishopric, according to the Ancient Laws and Customs of this Realm, and the king's prerogative Royal.

‘ III And to the intent our said Holy Father the Pope, and the Court of Rome, shall not think that ‘ the pains and labours taken, and hereafter to be taken, about the writing, sealing, obtaining, and * other businesses sustained, and hereafter to be sustained, by the Offices of the said Court of Rome, for ‘ and about the Expedition of any Bulls hereafter to be obtained or had for any filch Archbiihoprick,

‘ or Bishopric, shall be irremunerated, or shall not be sufficiently and condignly rccompenfed in that ‘ behalf; and for their more ready expedition to be had therein.' It is therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That every Spiritual Person of this Realm, hereafter to be named, presented, or poflula ted, to any Archbiihoprick or Bishopric of this Realm, shall and may lawfully pay for the writing and obtaining of his or their said Bulls, at the Court of Rome, and enfealing the same with Lead, to be had without payment of any Annates, or Firstfruits, or other charge or exaftian by him or them to be made, yielded, or pared for the same, five pounds Sterling, for and after the rate of the clear and whole yearly value of every hundred pounds Sterling, above all charges of any such Archbiihoprick, or Bishopric, or other Money, to the value of the said five pounds, for the clear yearly value of every hun dreth pounds of every such Archbiihoprick, or Bishopric, and not above, nor in any otlierwife, any thin" in this present Aft before written notwithstanding. And foralinuch as the king's Highness, and this his High Court of Parliament, neither have, nor do intend to ule in this, or any other like cause.. manner of extremity or violence, before gentle courtefieor friendship, ways and means first approved and attempted, and without a very great urgent cause and occasion given to the contrary, but principally coveting to disburden this Realm of the said great exactions, and intolerable charges of Annates .and Firstfruits., have therefore thought convenient to commit the final order and determination of the preinifles, in ah things, Unto the king's Highness. So that if it may seem to h's high Wisdom, and mull prudent Discretion, meet to move the pope's Holiness, and the Court of Rome, amicably, charitably, and reasonably, to compound, other to extinct and make frustrate the payments of the said Annates, or Firstfruits, or else by some friendly, loving, and tolerable composition to moderate the same in such wise as may be by this Realm easily born and sustained; That then those ways and compositions once taken, concluded, and agreed, between the pope's Holiness and the king's Highness, shall stand in ftrngth, force, and effect of Law, inviolably to be observed. And it is also further ordained, and ehadted by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the king's Highness at any time, or times, on th' s side the Feast of Easter, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God, a thousand five hundred and three and thirty, or at any tune on this side the beginning of the next Parliament, by his Letters Patents under his Great Seal, to be‘made, and to be entered of Record in the Roll of this present Parliament, may and shall have full power and liberty to declare, by the said Letters Patents, whether that the premilfes, or any part, clause, or matter thereof, shall be observed, obeyed, executed, and take place and eft'eft, as an Act and Statute of this present'parliament, or not. So that if his Highness, by his said Letters Patents, before the expiration of the times above limited, thereby do declare his pleasure to be. That the Preinifles, or any part, clause, or matter thereof, lnall not be put in execution, observed, continued, nor obeyed, in that case all the said preinifles, or fuih part, dame, or matter, as the king's H glinefs so shall refute, difafftnn, or not ratifie, shall stand and be from henceforth utterly void and of none effect. And in case that the king's Highness, before the expiration of the times afore prefixed, do declare by his said Letters Patents, his pleasure and determination to be, that the said premises, or every clause, sentence, and part thereof, that is to say, the whole, or such part thereof as the 4-. " king's

A P P E M.D.. I X

king's Highness so shall affirm, accept, and ratified shall hi all points stand, remain, abide, and be put in due and effectual execution, according to the import, tenor, effect, and true meaning of the lame; and to Hand and be from henceforth for ever after, as firm, steadfast, and available in the Law, as the same had been fully and perfectly established, enacted, and confirmed, to be in every part thereof, immediately, wholly, ana entirely executed, in like manner, dorm, and effect, as other Acts and Laws; The which being fully and determinately made, ordained, and enacted in'this present Parliament: And if that upon the aforesaid reasonable, amicable, and charitable ways and'means, by the king's Highness to be experimented, moved, or qciiiipounded, or otherwise approved, it : shall and may appear, or; be seen unto his Grace, that this Realm shall be continually burdened and charged with this, and such other intolerable Exadlions and Demands, as heretofore it hath been. And that thereupon, for continuance of the same, our said Holy Father the Pope, or any of his Succelfors, or the Court of Rome, will, or do, or cause to be done at any time hereafter, so as is above rehearsed, unjustly, uncharitably, and unreasonably vex, inquiet, molest, trouble, or grieve our .said Sovereign Lord, his Heirs or suc ceflbrs, Kings or England, or any of his or their Spiritual or Lay subjects, or this his Realm, by ex communication, Excomengement, Interdiction; or by any other Process, Censures, Compulfories, Ways or Means; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the king's Highness, his Heirs and Succelfors, Kings of England, and all .his Spiritual and Lay subjects of the same, without any scruples of Confidence, shall and mayjawfully, to .the honour of Almighty God, the increase and continuance of virtue and good example within this Realm, the said Censures, Excommunications, Interdictions, Compulfories, or any of them notwithstanding, minister, or cause to be miniltered, throughout this said Realm, and all other the Dominions or Territories belonging or appertaining thereunto : All and all manner of Sacraments, Sacramentals, Ceremonies, or other divine Services of the Holy Church, or any other thing or things necelfary for the health of the Soul of Mankind, as they heretofore at any time or times have been vertuoully used or accustomed to do within the same; and that no manner such Censures, Excommunications, Interdictions, or any other .process or compulfories, shall be by any of the Prelates, or other Spiritual Fathers of this Region, nor by any of their a/iiniflers or Subftiiutes, beat any time or times hereafter published, executed, nor divulged, nor suffered to be published, executed, or divulged in any manner of ways.

119

Anna Vicesimo offauo Henrici Oct aid.

At a Parliament begun and held, Anno Vicesimo oslauo Henrici Oftaui, at We ft min fie rv the eight of Iune, and continued to the diftolution thereof, the 18. day of Iulie then next following.

C a p. vrr.

An Act for the establishment of the imperiall Crown of this Realm.

f T N their mod humble wise showing to your rnoft royall Majesty, the Lords lpirituall and temporal), -‘ A and all other your mod louing & obedient fubiedls, the commons in this your mod high court of

* Parliament assembled, that where in your last Parliament begun and held at London the iij. day of November, in the xxj. year of your moll gratious reigne, and from thence adiourned to jvejhninjrer, -

*' and there held and continued by diverse and sundry prorogations'vnto the fifteenth day of Ianuary

* in the fiue and twentieth year of your moult noble reigne, & theifft here held: it was made and or

* an Act concerning ainonglt many t hi rigs, afwell for ratification and confirmation of your ma ‘ riages, then had and foleinnized between your highneffe and the late Lady Anne Bullen Adarques of ‘ Pembroke, as for the limitation of the succession of your imperiall Crown of this Realm, to the issue ' ‘ of your body begotten, and to bee begotten of the body of the said Lady Anne, with diverse remain ® ders ouer for the default of such issue, as in the said Act plainely and particularly more at large is

* and mentioned. And wheic also by the said Act it was ordeined and established, that all and

* your fubiedls should take a corporall oath, for the fulfilling, mainteining and defending the ‘ whole effects and contents of the said Act. And it was further ordeined by the said Act amongst

* things, that if any person or persons, fubiedt or refiant within this Realm, or within any your 1 graces dominions, after the first day of May, then next infuing,. by writing, print, deed or Act pro 4 cured or done, or caused to be procured or done anything or things to the preiudice, fiander, dif ‘ turbance, or derogation of the said matiimcnie, solemnised between your Majeltie and the said Lady 1 Anne, or to the perili, llander, ot dillterifon of any the issues or heires of your hi ghnefle,. being limited 4 by the same Act to inherit and to be inheritable to the Crown of this Realm, - whereby any such 4 issues or heires of your highneffe might bee destroyed, disturbed, or interrupted in body or title of 4 inheritance to the Crown of this Realm, as to them is limited in the fai northeast Act r that then euery 4 such person and persons, and their aidours, counsellors, mainteinors, and abbettors, and euery of them, ‘ for euery such offence, should be adiudged high traitors, and that euery such offence should be ad 4 iudged high treafpn. And the offendors, .and fiieir aidours, counfellours, mainteinours, and abbettors, ‘ and euery. of them, being lawfully conuidt of such offence by presentment, ve; diet, confelfion, or

4 prunes.

120

flit .}

Repeale.

APPENDIX.

.* proces, according to the euftomes and Laws of this Realm, should suffer paine of death, as in cases ‘ of high treason: as in the said Act amongst many other articles, clauses, and prouifions, is more at ‘ large mentioned and fpeeified.'

‘ II And also in the said Parliament held at jvejhninfter by prorogation on the third day of Ni

‘ vcmber, in the fixe and twentieth yeere of your most noble reigne, an other act was made for decla

* ration and ratification of the said oath, which diners of your fubiedts then had taken, and all your

* fubiedts after that were bounde to take for due obferuation of the said act of the said fuecefiion, as by ‘ the same at amongst; other things is also fpeeified and expressed;; albeit moil dread Soueraigne ‘ Lord, and that the said a6tes were then made, as it was then thought by your Majesty, Nobles

* and Commons vpon a pure perfect and cleere foundation, thinking the said manage then had between ‘ your hghneffe and the said Lady Anne in their eonfciences to have been pure, sincere, perfect and

* good, and so was reputed, accepted, and taken in the Realm, till now of late, that Gcd of his infinit ‘ goodneffe (fi-om whom no secret things can be hid) hath caused to be brought to light euident and ‘ open knowledge, afwell certain, iuft, true, and lawful impediments vnknowen at the making of the ‘ said Acts, hi tince that time confessed by the said Anne, before the m: ft reuerend father in God Thomas C Arch Bishop of Canterbury, metropolitane and primat of all England sitting judicially for the same:

£ by the which plainely appeareth, that the said marriage between your grace and the .said Lady Anne,

* was neuer good nor consonant to the Laws, but vtterly voyde and of none effect: by reason whereof ‘ your highnefle was and is lawfully diuorfed and separated from the bonds of the said marriage in the ‘ life of the said Lady Anne : and this notwithstanding moil gratious Soueraigne Lord the Lady Eliza ‘ beth your daughter, being born vnder the said vnlawfull marriage, by virtue and authoritie of the Act ‘ of your fuecellion aboue remembered, for lacke of heires males of your body, thould immediately fuc ‘ ceede as your lawful heire in the moll royall estate of your imperiall Crown of this Realm, against ‘ all honour, equirie, reason, and good conscience, if remedy should not be prouided for the same :

‘ and ouer this moll dread Soueraigne Lord, albeit that your Majesty not knowing of any vnlawfull im 1 pediments, entered into the bonds of the said vnlawfull marriage, and aduanced the same Lady Anne ‘ to the honour of the foueraigne estate of the Queen of this Realm: yet neuertheleffe file inflamed ‘ with pride and carnall desires of her body, putting appart the dread of God and excellent benefits re ‘ ceiued of your highnes, confederated herself with George Bullen late Lord Rockford her naturall bro ‘ there, Henry Norrcis Efquier, Francis tvejlon Knight, William Brereton Efquier, Gentleman of your ‘ priuie chamber, and Marie Smetcn Grome of your said prime chamber, and so being confederate, ihe ‘ and they most traitorously committed and perpetrated diverse dettftable and abhominable treasons, to ‘ the mod fearelull perill and danger of the destruction of your mod royall person, and to the vtter lolle,

‘ dilherifon and c'efolation of this Realm, if God of his goodneffe had. not in due time brought their ‘ said treasons to light : for the .which being plainely and manifestly prooued, they were conuidt, and ‘ atteinted by the due course and order of your common laws of this Realm, and have fullered according to their merits, as by the records thereof more at large may appear.

‘ III f And albeit moll gratious and mod dread Soueraigne Lord, diverse and sundry honourable iuft,

* true and reasonable Clauses be conteined and expressed in the said Act, made for the establishment of ‘ your succession, which be very neceffnry and profitable fur the commonwealth of this Realm : yet ‘ neuertheleffe because certain articles hi clauses conteined in the same, concerning the ratification of ‘ your said vnlawful marriage, between your highnefle and the said Lady Anne, and the limitation of ‘ your fuecellion to the iffucs of your body had by the said Lady Anne, and the oath expressed and men,

‘ tioned in both the Acts aboue remembered, for the defending and mainteining the whole effects and ‘ contents of the said Act, which clauses and articles be now become of late so dithonorable, and so far ‘ distant from the due course of your common Laws of your Realm, and also so much against good ‘ reason, equitie, and good conscience, that they cannot he fufteined nor tollerated to continue and in ‘ dure without great perill of diuifion hereafter to bee had, by occasion of the same amongst ns your said ‘ mod humble, louing and obedient fubiedts and our poflerities It may therefore please yo tr highnefle of your most excellent and accustomable goodneffe, and for'the entire loue, fauour and hartie affection, that your msi ftie hath alwayes born, and beareth the Commonwealth of this your Realm, and for the conferuation of : he good peace, vnitie, and rest of vs your most bounden and obedient fubiedts, and of our laid poiteritics, that it may be enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, that the said two Acts ana euery of them, and all clauses, articles and prouifions theiein conteined, from the first day of this present Parliament, shall bee repealed, adnulled, and made frustrate and o! none eftedl.

IV Prouided always that the said repeale and adnudation of the said Act, which was made for the establishment of your fuecellion, shall not bee taken, expounded nor vnderftood, to discharge any person or person?, which have done cr eomrmtted any offences of treason or misprision of treason, contrary t6 the same Act, or any pert thereof at any time afore the first day of this present Parliament: but that such offences of treason and niifprition of treaftn, done and committed by any person or persons, contrary to the same Act, afore the riift day of this present Parliament, Shall bee and remaine in the.same degree and qurhtie, to be pnniflied by authoritie of the same Act, as if the same Act had not been repealed : the lepcaie and adnullation of the lame Act by authoritie of this present Parliame t in any wise notwithstanding. ‘ Neuertheleffe the Kings nr oft royall Majesty, most gratiouily considering, that diverse and 1 many of his most louing and obedient fubiedts now lately afore the beginning ot this present Parliament, have spoken, done, practised, procured, and attempted, afwell by void, writing, and printing, ‘ as by exteriour Actes, not only against the said vnlawfidl marriage, solemnised between ips high 1 neffeand the said Lady Anne, and to the preiudiee, llander, .disturbance, and derogation thereof, but ‘ also to the peril), flander and dilherilhon of the Lady Elizabeth the Kings daughter iilegitimat born

‘ V nder

A P P E N D I X

• vnder the same manage, and to the let, disturbance, and interruption of the said Lady Elizabeth to •* the title of the Crown : and also to depriue the said Lady Anne late Queen, and the said Lady 4 Elizabeth, and euery of them of their dignity, title, and name of their royall estates, contrary to the 4 tenors, purports, prouifions and ordinances, afwell conteined in the said Act made in the last Parlia 4 ment, for the establishment of the Kings succession, as in an other Act made in the lad Parliament 4 for punishment of treasons. Which words, doings, pradlifes, procurements and attempts of his said 4 fubiedls, albeit they proceeded of no malice, but vpon true and iuft grounds, for punishment of the 4 said Lady Anne, according to her deserts, and for reformation of the said vnlawfull marriage for the 4 sureties of the Kings highneffe, and for the vnitie and wealth of this Realm : yet neuerthelede the 4 Kings said fubiedls might hereafter happen to bee impeached, troubled and vexed for such their 4 words, doings, actes, procurements and attempts, afwell by reason of the said Statute, made for the 4 eftabliftiment of the Kings succession, and now repealed by this Act, .as by occasion of other Statutes' 4 heretofore made for punishment of treason and misprision of treason, to the great danger and perils of 4 the hues, lands, and goods of the Kings said fubiedls, which only for hartie good will and faithful 4 obedience, that they bear to the Kings Majesty, incurred into the said dangers and perils The Kings highneffe therefore of his most bountifull mercy and benignitie is pleased and contented, that it bee enacted by authoritie of this present Parliament, that all and finguhr his louing fubiedls, which have spoken, done, practised, committed or attempted, or procured to bee done or attempted directly or indirectly, by words, writings, prints, or any exteriour act, anything or things whatfoeuer it bee, against the said marriage, solemnised between his highnes and the said late Queen Anne, or for the setting foorth or preferment of the diuorfe or dissolution thereof : or against the late said Queen Anne, or the said Lady Elizabeth, or to any of their Handers, perils, or difherifons : or have wished, willed or desired by words or writings, or inuented, imagined, practised or attempted any bodily harme to the said late Queen Anne, or Lady Elizabeth, or to depriue the same late Queen Anne, or Lady Elizabeth, or any of them, of the dignity, title or name of their royall estates, or have spoken, done, or procured to be done, any other words, writings, printings, wishing, willing, thing or things, actor acts against the said late Queen Anne, or ladieelizabeth, which is or might be deemed or interpreted for treason, or misprision of treason by any construction vpon any Statutes of this Realm heretofore made, shall bee freely and cleerely pardoned, discharged, and released by authoritie of this Act, of all those and such' treasons and misprisions of treasons aboue mentioned. And that none of his said louing fubiedls for any of the said treasons or misprisions of treason aboue mentioned and specified, shall hereafter at any time, by any manner of means be impeached, vexed or troubled, in their bodies, hues, lands, goods or chattels, anything in this Actor in any Actor Actes heretofore made for treasons or misprision of treason, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V And that it bee further enacted by authoritie aforesaid, that the said late Queen Anne, George Bollen, late Lord Roehford, Henrie Norreis Efquier, Francis ivefton Knight, William Brereton Efquier, and Mark Smeton, for their abhominable and detestable treasons, by them and euery of them most ab homi'nably and traitorously committed and done against your majesty and the Realm, shall bee by authoritie of this present Parliament conuidted and atteimed of high treason, in such manner and form, and accordingly as they be, by the due course and order of yourlawes of this Realm. And that the said late Queerje Anne, George Lord Roehford, Henrie Norreis, Francis Wejlon, William Brereton, and mark Smeton, and euery of them, shall loose & to your highnefie'and to your heires, all such their manors, meafes, lands, tenements, rents, reuerfions, remainders, vfes, poffeftions, offices, rights, conditions, and all other hereditaments, of what names, natures or qualities foeuer they bee, which' they or any of them, or any other to their vfes, or to the vfe of any of them had or ought to have had, of any estate of inheritance in fee simple or in taile, in vfe or possession at the days of their several l treasons committed and expressed in their inditement, or any time after. Sauing to euery person and per -- Ions, and bodies politicke, and to the heires, assignes and successours of euery of them (other then to the said late Queen Anne, and the other traitors aforenamed, and the heires and assignes of every of them, and all and euery other person and persons claiming by them, or any of them, or to their vfes, ' or to the vfes of any of them, or to the vie of any of their heires) all such right, title, vfe, possession, interest, condition, sees, offices, rents, annuities, commons, and al other commodities and hereditaments, whatfoeuer they or any of them might, (hold or ought to have had, if this Act had neuer bene' .had nor. made.

4 VI And ouer this most gratious Souereigne Lord, forasmuch as it hath pleased your most royall 4 Majesty, notwithstanding the great and intolerable perils and occasions, which your highneffe hath' C fullered and fufteined, .alwell by occasion of your first vnlawfull marriage, solemnised between your C highnes and the Lady Katharine, late Princes dowager, as by occasion of the said vnlawfull marriage 4 betwene your highneffe and the said late Queen Anne, at the most humble petition and interceihon of 4 vs your Nobles of this Realm, for the ardent loue and feruent affection, which your highnefle beareth 4 to the conferuation of the peace and vnitie of the same, and for the good and quiet gouernance thereof,

4 of your most excellent gcodnefie to enter into marriage again, and have chosen and taken a right no 4 ble, virtuous and excellent Lady Queen lane to your true and lawful wife, and have lawfully cele 4 brated and solemnised marriage with her, according to the lavves of holy Church : who for her conue'

4 nient yceres, excellent beautie, and pureneffe of flesh and blood, is apt (God willing) to conceiue'

4 issue by your highneffe : which marriage is so pure and sincere, without spot, doubt or impediment, '

4 that the ift'ue procreated vnder the same, when it shall please almighty God to send it, cannot be law 4 fully, truly nor iuftly interrupted or disturbed of the right and title in the. succession of your Crown : * It mav therefore now please your most gratious Majesty, at the most humble petition and jnterceffion of APPEND: R vs

12.1

122

APPENDIX.

vs your Nobles & Commons, assembled in this present Parliament, afwell for the clere extinguidimcnt of all ambiguities & doubts, as for a pure and perfect vnitie of vs your most humble and obedient fub iciffs, and of all our posterities, that rt may bee enacted by your mod gratious and royall Majesty, by consent of vs the Lords spirituall and temporall, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by authoritie of the same in manner and form as hereafter in articles infueth.

‘ VII First, forasmuch as the marriage heretofore solemnised between your highneffe and the said ‘ Lady Katherine Princes Dowager deceased, which afore was lawful wife to your naturall brother Prince ‘ Arthur, and by him carnally knowen, as hath duly been prooued by sufficient witnesses, at all times

* was, is, and ought to bee deemed and determined to be against the laws of almighty God, & not ‘ dispensable by any humaine authoritie, & so hath been deemed and determined, alwcll by the whole 4 Clergic of this Realm, in both Conuocations, and by both the Vniueriities thereof, as by the Vniuer ‘ iities of Bononie, Padua, Paris, Orleance, Tolouze, Aniou, and diverse other, and also by a great ‘ number of priuate writings of many right excellent well learned men Bee it therefore enacted by au thoritie of this present Parliament, according as it was ordeined and enacted in the said Act made in the last Parliament for the establishment of your succession, that the said marriage heretofore had and solemnised between your highnefic and the said Lady Katherine, which was before lawful wife to the said Prince Arthur your elder brother, and by him carnally knowen, as doeth duly appear by sufficient proofe in a lawful proces had and made before the said most reuerend father in God Thomas, by the i'ufferance of God, Archbishop of Canterbury, metropolitan and primat of all England, shall be by authoritie of this present Parlament definitiuely, cleerely and absolutely declared, deemed and adiudged to be against the laws of almighty God, and also accepted, reputed and taken of no value nor effect, but vtterly voyd and adnihiled : and that the separation thereof made by the said Archbishop shall be good and effedtuall to all intents and purposes, any licence, dispensation, or any other Actor Actes, going before and infuing the same, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. And that euery such licence, di'penfation, Actor Acts, thing or things, had, made, done or to be done to the contrary thereof, shall be to all intents void and of none effect, and so shall be reputed and taken by and amongst all vs your true fubiedls and inhabitants, our Heires and successours of and in your Realm and dominions for ever. And that the issue born and procreated vnder the same vnlawfull marriage, made and solemnised between your highneffe and the said Lady Katherine, shall be taken, deemed, and accepted illegitimat to all intents and purposes, and shall be vtterly foreclosed, excluded, and barred, to ciaime, chalenge, or demand any inheritance as lawful heire to your highneffe by lineall defeent.

4 VIII And also forasmuch as the. marriage solemnised between your highneffe and the said late Queen Anne, vpon true and iuft causes, was and is deemed and adiudged by the said most reuerend ‘ father, to bee of no value nor effect, and a diuorce and separation thereof had and made, by the due 4 order and proceffe of the laws of the Church of England before the said reuerend Father Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, that the same marriage between your highneffe and the said late Queen Anne, shall be taken, reputed, deemed and adiudged to be of no force, strength, virtue nor effect, and that the separation and diuorce thereof had by the sentence and judgement of the said most reuerend father, shall be good and effedtuall, and so hereafter shall be taken and reputed for euer by all your fubiedls, their heires and successors. And that none appease, repeale, reuocation or adnullation thereof, or any part of the same, shall hereafter be had, taken, allowed or ad ztiitted in any behalfe. And that all the issues & born and procreated vnder the same marriage, between your highneffe and the said late Queen Anne, shall be taken, reputed and accepted to be illegitimate to all intents and purposes, and utterly foreclosed, excluded, and barred to ciaime, challenge, or demand any inheritance as lawful heire or heires to your highnes by lineal! defeent, the said former Act made in the last Parliament, for the establishment of your succession, or anything therein conteined, or anything or things to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

‘ IX And furthermore since many inconueniences have fallen, as well within this Realm as in others,

* by reason of the marrying within the degrees of marriage prohibited by Gods laws, that is to say,

* the sun to marry the mother, or the stepmother carnally knowne by his father, the brother the ‘ filler, the father his fons daughter, or his daughters daughter: or the son to marry the daughter of 4 his father procreat & born by his stepmother: or the son to marry his aunt, being his fathers or 4 mothers filler : or. to marry his vncles wise carnally knowne by his vncle : or the father to marry his

* sons wise carnally knowne by his son: : the brother to marry his brothers wife carnally knowne 6 by his brother : or any man married, and carnally knowing his wife, to marry his wives daughter, ‘ or his wives sons daughter, or his wives daughters daughter, or his wives lifter.'

4 X And further to dilate and declare the meaning of these prohibitions, it is to be vnderftood, that 4 if it chance any man to'know carnally any woman, that then all and singular persons, being in any

* degree of consanguinity or affinitie, as is aboue written, to any of the parties so carnally offending,

‘ shall be deemed and adiudged to be within the cases and limits of the said prohibitions of marriage. ‘ All which marriages albeit they bee plainely prohibited and detested by the laws of God, yet neuer ‘ theleffe at fornetimea they have proceeded vnder colours of dispensations by mans power, which is ‘ but vfurped, and of right ought not to be granted, admitted, nor allowed.' For no man of what 4 estate, degree, or condition foeuer he be, hath power to dispense with Gods laws, as all the Clergy 4 of this Realm in the said eonuocations, and the most part of all the Vniueriities of Chriftendome, and 4 we also doe affirme and thinke.' _ _.

XI Be it therefore enacted by authority aforesaid, according as it is declared and conteined in the said Act, made in the last Parliament for the establishment of your succession, that no person or persons, fubiedls, or reliants of this Realm, or in any your dominions, of what estate, degree or dignity

foeuer they be, shall from henceforth marry within the degrees afore rehearsed, what' pretence foeuer shall bee made to the contrary thereof. And in case any person or persons, of what eiiate, dignity, decree or condition foeuer they bee,, that be heeretofore married within this Realm, or in any'other, .the Rings dominions, within any the degrees aboue rehearsed, and by any the Archbishops or ministers of the Church of England bee separate from the bonds of such vnlawful marriages : that then euery such separation shall be good, lawful, firme and permanent for ever, and not by any power, authoritie or means to be reuoked or vndone hereafter. And that the children proceeding or procrcat vnder such vnlawfull marriage, shall not bee lawful nor legitimate : Any forren laws, licences, dispensations, or other thing or things to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII And that in case there be any person or persons within this Realm,. orin any the Kings' dominions already maried within any of the said degrees aboue specified, and. not yet separate from the bonds of such vnlawfull marriage, that then euery liich person so vnlawfully maried, shall be separate, by the definitiue sentence and iudgements of the Archbishops, Bishops, and other ministers of the Church of England, and in other your dominions, within the limits of their iurifdidtions and authorities and by none other power or authority. And that all sentences and iudgements giuen and to be giuen by any Archbifnop, bishop, or other minister of the Church of England, or in any other the Kings dominions, within the limits of their iurifdidtions and authoritie, shall be definitiue, firme, good, and effedtuall to all intents, and be obferued and obeyed, without suing any prouocations, appeals, prohibitions, or other proceffe from or to the Court of Rome, to the derogation thereof, contrary to the Aft made fithence the beginning of the last Parliament for restraint of such prouocations, appeals, prohibitions and other processes.

XIII And also be it enacted bv authority aforesaid, that all the blue hereafter to bee had and pro create between your highnes, and your said moll dear and entirely beloued lawful wife Queen lane, shall be your lawful children and heires, and be inheritable and inherite, according to the course of' inheritance and laws of this Realm, the imperiall crown of the same, with all dignities, honours, pre heminences, prerogatiues, authorities and iurifdiftions, to the same annexed or belonging, in as large and ample manner, as your highneffe at this present time hath the same as King of this Realm, the inheritance thereof to be and remaine to your said children and right heires in manner and form as hereafter shall be declared, that is to say. First, the said imperiall Crown and other the premisses, shall bee to your majesty and to your heires of your body lawfully begotten, that is to say, To the first son of your body between your highnes and your said lawful] wife Queen lane begotten, and to the heires of the body of the same first son lawfully begotten. And for the default of such heires, then to the second son of your body, and of the body of the said Queen lane begotten, and to the heires of the body of the same second son lawfully begotten, as aforesaid, and foto euery son of your body, and of the body of the said Queen lane begotten, and to the heires of the body of euery such son begotten, according to the course of inheritance in that behalfe.

XIV And if it shall happen your said most dear and entirely beloued wife Queen lane, to decease without issue male of the body of your highnes to be begotten (which God defend) then the same imperiall Crown, and all other the premisses to be to your majesty, as is aforesaid, and to the son and heire male of your body lawfully begotten by any other lawful wife, and to the heires of the body of the same son and heire male lawfully begotten : and for default of such issue, then to your second son of your body lawfully begotten, and to the heires of the body .of the same second son lawfully begotten : and so from son and heire male, to son and heire male, and to the heires of the feuerall bodies of euery such son and heire male lawfully begotten, according to the course of inheritance, in like manner and form, as is abouefaid.

XV And for default of such sons of your body lawfully begotten, and of the heires of the feuerall bodies of euery such son lawfully begotten, that then the said imperiall Crown, and other the premisses, shall be to the issue female between your majesty and your said most dear and entirely beloued wife Queen lane begotten : And for lacke of such issue, then to the heires females of your body lawfully. begotten by any other lawful wife : that is to say, First to the eldest issue female, and to the heires of her body lawfully 1 egotten, and lb from issue female to issue female, and to their heirs of their bodies one after another by course of inheritance according to their ages, as the Crown of England hath been accustomed and ought to succeed and go, in case when there is heire female inheritable to the same.

‘ XVI And for afmuch as it standeth at this present time in the only pleasure and will of almighty ‘ God, whether your majesty shall have heires begotten and procreated between your highneffe, and

* your said most dear and entirely beloued wife Queen lane, or else any lawful heires and ifliies here ‘ after of your own body begotten by any other lawful wife, and if such heires should fade, as God ‘ defend, and no prouilion made in your life, who should rule and gouerne this Realm for lacke of

* such heires, that then this Realm after your tranfttory life shall be destitute of a lawful gouernour :

‘ or elfepercafe incumbred with such a person, that would couet to aspire to the same, whom the fub ‘ ieefts ot this Realm shall not find in their hearts to loue, dread, and obediently ferue as their so ‘ uereigne Lord. And if your grace afore it may be certainely knowne, whether ye shall have heires

* or no should suddenly name & declare any person or persons to succeed after your decease, and for lack ‘ of heirs of your body lawfully begotten, into the royall estate of the imperiall Crown of this Realm r ‘ then it is to be doubted, that such person that should bee so named, might happen to take great heart

* and courage, and by presumption fall to inobedience and rebellion : by occasion of which premisses,

‘ great diuifton and difcention may bee and is very likely to arise & in this Realm, to the great ‘ peril and destruction of vs your most humble & obedient fubiedls, and of all our posterities, if remedy

R 2 ‘for

124

APPENDIX.

‘ for the same should not be prouided, For reformation and remedy whereof, we your mod bounden ‘ and loning fubiedts, mod obediently acknowledging that your majesty mod vidtorioufly, prudently,

‘ politikely, and indifferently hath mainetained, defended, gouerned, Sf ruled this Realm in good ‘ peace, rcft/quictnes and obedience, during all the time of your moult gracious reigne, which we moult ‘ hartily desire might continue for euer, putting al our whole trust & in your highnes, and' ‘ nothing doubting, but that your majesty, if ye should faile of hcircs of your body lawfully begotten ‘ [which God defend) for the hearty loueand feruent affection that ye bear to this Realm, and for ‘ auoiding of all the occasions of diuifion afore rehearsed, so earnestly mindeth the wealth of the same,

‘ that ye can bed & moult prudently prouide such a gouernour for vs and this your Realm, as shall and ‘ will succeed and follow in the iuft and right trade of all your proceedings, and mainetaine, keep and ‘ defend the same, and all the laws and ordinances established in your mod gracious time for the ‘ wealth of this Realm, which al we desire, whereby we your said moult louing & obedient fubiects, and ‘ our heircs and successors shall and may liue as neere as may be, in as good peace, vnity, and obedi ‘ ence after your decease, as we have hued in the time of your most gratious reigne Doe therefore most humbly beseech your highnefle, that it may be enacted for auoiding of all ambiguities, doubts, diuifions, and occasions in that behalfe by your mod roiall maiedie, by the assent of vs the Lords fpi rituall and temporal, and the commons in this your present Parliament adembled, and by authoride of the same, that your highnes shall have full and plenar power and authoritie, to giue,. dispose, appoint, adigne, declare and limit by your Letters Pattents vnder your great Seal, or else by your lad will made in writing, and signed with your mod gracious hand, at your only pleasure from time to time, hereafter the imperial! Crown of this reatme, and all other the premises therevnto belonging, to be, re * maine, succeed, and come after your decease, and for lacke of lawful heires of your body to be procreated and begotten, as is afore limited by this af, to such person or persons in possession and remainder, as shall please your highnefle, and according to such estate, and after such manner, form, fashion, order and condition, as shall be expressed, declared, named, and limited in your said Letters Pattents, or by your said lad will. And we your mod humble & obedient fubjeids, doe faithfully promise to your maiedie by one common consent, that after your decease, and for lacke of heires or your body lawfully begotten, as is afore rehearsed, we our heires and successors shall accept and take, loue, dread, same, and alonely obey such person and persons males or females, as your maiefly shall giue your said imperiall Crown vnto by authoritie or this Aid, and to none other, and wholly to slick to them, as true and faithful fubiects ought to doe to their regal] rulers, gouernors, and supreme heads.

XVII And for sure corroboration thereof, be it further enacted by authority aforesaid, that such person and persons, as to whom it shall please your majesty to dispose, limit and afllgne your said crown, and other the premises thereto perteining, by your Letters Pattents, or by your lad will, as is aforesaid, shall have and injoy the same after your decease, and for lacke of heires of your body lawfully begotten, according to such a date, and after fucii manner, form, fashion, order and condition, as shall be thereof expressed, mentioned and conteined in your said Letters Patents, .or in your said lad will, in as large and ample manner, as if such person and persons, had been your lawful heires to the imperiall Crown of this Realm, and as if the same Crown of this Realm had been given and limited to them plainely and particularly, by special names and fuftkient terms and words, by full and immediate authoritie of this your most high Court of Parliament.

XVIII And it is further enaided by authoritie aforesaid, that if any of your heires or children hereafter doe vfurpe the one of them vpon the other in the Crown of this Realm, or claime or challenge your said imperiall Crown in any other form or degree of difeent or succession, then is afore limited by this Act : or if any person or persons, to whom it shall please your highnefle of your most excellent goodnefle, by authoritie of this Aid, to giue and dispose your said Crown and dignity of this Realm, or the heires of any of them, do at any time hereafter demand, challenge, or claime your said Crown of this Realm, otherwise or in any other course, form, degree or condition, then the same shall be giuen, disposed and limited vnto them by your highnefle, by virtue and authoritie of this Aid : or if any person or persons, to whom your majesty shall heereafter giue or dispose your said Crown by authoritie of this Aid, or any of their heires doe interrupt or let any of the heires of your maiedie, that is or Shall be begotten, born, and procreated vnder your lawful, pure, sincere and vndoubted marriage, now had and solemnised between your highnefle and your fayde most dear and entirely bcloued wife Queen lane, or any other your lawful heires heereafter to be begotten of your body by any other law,, marriage, peaceably and quietly to keep, have, and injo]' the said imperial] Crown, and other the premises, by course of inheritance according to the limitation thereof, expressed and declared by this Aid, that then all and Angular the oflendors in any of the premises, contrary to this Aid, and all their abbettors, maintainors, fautors, counsellors and aidors therein, shall be deemed and adiudged high traitors to the Realm. And that euery such offence shall bee accepted, reputed, and taken to be high treason, and the offenders therein, their aidors, maintainors, fautors, counsellors, and abbettors, and euery of them, for euery such offence shall fuff.r such iudgement and peines of death, Losses and forfeitures of lands, goods, and priviledges of sanctuary, as in any cases of high treason. And ouer that as well your said heires and children, as euery other person and persons, to whom your highnefle dial limit your said Crown, in form as is aforesaid, and euery of their heires for euery fucii offence aboue fpeeiiied, by them or any of them to bee committed, shall lose and forfeit as well all such right, title, arid interest, that they may claime or challenge in or to the Crown of this Realm, as heires by defeent, or by reason of any gift or Act that shall bee done by your highnefle, for his or their aduance inent by authority of this Aid, ox otherwise by any manner of means or pretence whatfoeuer it be.

XIX And

APPENDIX. 125

XIX And be it further enacted by authority aforesaid, that if any person or persons, of what estate, degree, dignity or condition foeuer they be, at any time hereafter, by words, writing, imprinting, or by any exterior aft or deed, maliciously or willingly procure, or doe or cause to bee procured or done, directly or indiredlly, anything or things, to the perill of your moult royall person, or to the perill of the person of any of your heires or successors, hailing the royall estate of the Crown of this Realm: or maliciously or willingly giue occasion bywords, writing, print, deed or act, whereby your highnes or any your said heires or successors, hauing the royall estate of the crown of this Realm, might be disturbed or interrupted of the Crown or this'realme : or by words, writing, print, - deed or act, procure or doe, or cause to be procured or done anything or things, to or for the interruption, repeale or adnullation of this Actor of anything therein conteined, or of anything that shall be done by your highneffe in the limitation and disposition of your Crown by authority of the same : or by words, writing, print, deed or act procure or cause to be procured or done anything or things, to the prejudice, flander, disturbance or derogation of the fayde lawful matrimony, solemnised between your majesty and the said Queen lane, or any other lawful wife or wives heereafter by your highnefle to be taken : or to the perill, flander, or disherison of any of the issues and heires of your highneffe, being limited by this Act to inherite and to be inheritable to the Crown of this Realm, in such form as is aforefaide : or to the interruption or dilherifon of any such person or persons, to whom your highnes shall assigne and dilpofe your said imperiall Crown by authority of this Act, as is afore remembered : whereby any such issues or heires of your highnes, or such person or persons might be destroyed, disturbed or interrupted in same, body or title of the inheritance to the Crown of this Realm as to them is limited in this Act, in form aboue rehearsed, or as to them shall be limited and assigned by your highnes, by ver tue and authority of this Act: or if any person or persons by words, writing, imprinting, or any other exterior Act directly or indiredlly, accept or take, iudge or beleeue any of the manages had & solemnised between the Kings highnes and the said Lady Katherine, or between the Kings highnes & the said late Queen Anne, to be good, lawful], 'or of any effect: : by words, writing, printing, or any other exterior act directly or indiredlly, flander, interrupt, impeach, gainsay, or impugne the lawful] judgements and sentences of the said most reuerend father in God, Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, and primate of all England, for and concerning the diuorces and separations of the said vnlawfull mariages or any of them : or by words, writing, print, or any other exterior act directly or indiredlly, take, accept, name, or call by any pretence any of the children born and procreated vnder any of the said vnlawfull mariages, to be legitimat and lawful children of your majesty: or if any person or persons craftily imagine, inuent or attempt by colour of any pretence to depriue the Kings highneffe, the Queen, or the heires of their bodies begotten, or any other the heires of the Kings body lawfully begotten, or any person or persons, to whom the Kings highnefle Avail dispose, giue and limit the Crown of this Realm, by authoritie of this Act, of any of their titles, styles, names, degrees or royal ertates, or regal power: or if any person or persons at any time hereafter, being required or commanded by the Kings highnes, or by such .person or persons, as shall be authorised by his grace or his lawful heires to make or take an oath, to anfwere to such questions and interrogatories as Avail be obiedled to them, vpon any clause, article, sentence, or word conteined in this Act; doe contemptuously or vtterly refuse to make or take such oath, or without fruftratorie delay doe not make or take the same oth : or after the making or taking such oth, doe contemptuously refuse directly to anfwere to such questions and interrogatories, as be obiedled concerning the same or any part thereof: that then euery such person & of what estate, degree or condition foeuer he or they be, and their aidors, counsellors, mainteinors and abettors, and euery of them, for euery such offence afore declared. Avail be adiudged high traitors : and that euery such offence afore fpeciried fnall be adiudged high treason, and the offendors therein, and their aidors, councellots, mainteinors, and abettors, and euery of them being lawfully convidl of any such offence by prelentment, verdict, confession or proceffe, according to the custom and laws of this Realm, shall fufler peines of death as in cares of high treason: : that also euery such offendor, being convidl as is aforesaid, shall lose and forfeit to your highneffe, and to your heires or successors, Kings or regall rulers of this Realm, all such manors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities, and hereditaments, which they had in possession as owners, or were foie seized of, by or in any right, title or means, or any other person or persons, had to their vie of any estate of inheritance, at the day of such treasons and cffences by them committed & done. And Avail also loose and forfeit to your Highneffe and your said heires, as well all manner such estates of freehold and interest for' yeeres of lands and rents, as all other goods, chattels, and debts, which they had at the time of their conviction or Atteindor, of any such offence: fatting always to euery such person and persons, and bodies politicke, to their heires, assignes, and fuc ceflbrs, and to the heires and successors of euery of them, other then such personas shall be so conuidt or attainted, and their heires and successors, and all other claiming to their vfes ad such right, Title, vfe, interest, possession, condition, rents, sees, offices, annuities, and commons, which they or any of them Avail have in or vpon any such manors, lands, tenements, rents, annuities or hereditaments, that shall so happen to be lost and forfeit by reason of any conuidtion or attaindor, for any the treasons and offences aboue rehearsed, at any time before the said Treasons and offences committed. Be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that no person or persons, offending in any the treasons contained and limited by this Actor in any other Treasons, mail in any wise have and injoy the priuiledge or immunitie of any manner sanctuary within this Realm, or elsewhere within any the Kings dominions: but Avail vtterly lose and be excluded of the same, any vfe, grant, custom, prefeription, confirmation, or any other thing or things to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX And

126

Oath.

APPENDIX.

XX And be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That if your Majesty shall happen to decease before any such your issue and heire male of your body, which (hold inherit the Crown of this Rcalnie, mail be of his age of eighteene yeers, or before that such your issue & female, which should inherite the Crown of this Realm, shall be maried, or be of the age of fixteene yecres (which almighty God defend) that then the said issue and heire male to the Crown, so being within the age of eighteene yeercs, or your said issue and heire female to the Crown, so being vnmaried, or within the said age of fixteene yeeres, shall be and remaine, vntill such time as such iftues and heires shall come to their said feuerall ages afore limited, at and in the gouernance of their naturall mother, and of such other your counsellors and nobles of your Realm, as your Highneffe fnall limit and appoint by your last will made in writing, signed with your mod gracious hand, if it shall be thought by your Highneffe mod conue nient foto bee : or else the said issues and heires shall be at and in the gouernance of such of your counsellors anil nobles of your Realm, as your Majesty shall name and appoint by your last will made in writing, and signed with your most gracious hand, as is aforesaid. And if any person or persons by writing, Printing, or exterior deed or Act, directly or indirectly, procure or doe, or cause to bee procured, or done anything or things, to the let or disturbance of the same: that then cuery such offence shall be high Treason, and the offendors being thereof conuidted, shall suffer such paines of death and lofle of inheritance, priuileges of Sanctuaries, Freeholds, interests, for yeeres, goods, chattels, and debts, in such manner and form as is aboue specified in cases of treason afore mentioned.

4 XXI And for the more sure establishment of the succession of your most roiail Majesty, according ‘ to the tenor and form of this act.' Be it further enacted by authority aforesaid, That as well all the nobles of your Realm spirituall and temporall, as all other your fubiects now living and being, or that hereafter shall bee at their full ages, by the commandement of your Majesty, or of your heires or successors, at all times hereafter from time to time when it shall please your Highneffe, or your heires or successors to appoint, shall make a corporall oath in the presence of your Highneffe, or your heires or successors, or before such other as your Majesty or your heires or successors will aftigne for the same, for the keeping, observing, defending, allowing, and mainteining of this Acts, and of all things that shall be done by your Highneffe by authoritie thereof, according to the tenor of an oath hereafter infuing, that is to say :

4 r E shall fweare to bear faith, trueth, and obedience alonely to the Kings Majesty, Supreme head 4 j[ in earth vnder God of the Church of England, during his life, and to his heires of his bo ‘ dy of his most dear and entirely beloued lawful wife Queen Jane, begotten and to be begotten and ‘ procreated : and further to the heires of our said Souereigne Lord, according to the limitation in the • statute made for furetic of his succession in the crown of this Realm, in the Parliament begun and 4 held at jveflminster in the eight day of June, in the eight and twentieth yeere of the Kings most 4 gracious reigne. And also for lacke of such heires, to such perfor. and persons as the Kings highneffe 4 lhail limit and appoint to fucceede to the Crown, by virtue and authority of the same Acts, and not 4 to any other within this'realme, nor forren authority, power or potentate., And in case any other 1 Oath be made or hath been made by you to any person or persons, that then ye to repute the same as ‘ vain and adnihilate. And that to your cunning, wit, and vttermoft of your power, without guile, C fraud, or other vndue manner, ye shall obferue, keep maintelne, and defend the said act of succession 4 made in the said Parliament, begun and held at jvejhnhijler in the said eight day of June, in the 4 said eight and twentith yeere of the Kings most roiail reigne, and all the whole effects and contents C thereof, ano all things that shall be done by the Kings highneffe by authority of the same, and all 4 other Acts and Statutes made in confirmation, or for execution of the same:, or of anything therein 4 contained: and this ye shall doe against all manner of persons, of what estate, dignity, degree, or con 4 dition foeuer they be : & in no wise do or attempt, nor to your power suffer to be done, or attempted 4 dirchly or indirectly, anything or things priuilie or apertly, to the let, hindrance, damage, or dero 4 gation thereof, or of any part of the same, or of anything or things that shall be done by the Kings 4 highneffe, by virtue or authoritie of the same Act, by any manner of means, or for any manner of 4 pretence, '

So help you God, All Saints, and the holy Euangelifts.

XXIL And it is also enacted by authoritie aforesaid, That all manner your fubiedts, as well Spiritual! as Temporall, firing liuerie, or Oujlre le rnaine out of the hands of your highnes, or of your heires or successors, or doing any feaitie to your highnes, or to your heires or successors, by reason of tenure of the r lands, shall fweare the said corporall oath abovementioned. And that they nor any of them, shall hereafter have any liueries, Oufire le rnaine, or restitution out of your hands, nor out of the hands of your heires or successors, till they shall have made the said corporall oath, in form aboue rehearsed. And if any person or persons, being commanded by authoritie of this Act, to make the said oath afore limited, obftinatciy or wilfully refuse that to doe, or will protest and say, when they shall be examined vpon any interrogatories, that shall be obiedfed to them, for or concerning this Actor anything therein contained; that they be not bound to declare their thought and conscience, and fliflie thereon abide : that then euery such person so doing, for euery such offence shall be taken and accepted for offendor in high treason: and that euery such refufall shall be deemed and adjudged high treason, and the offendor therein, be; ng as afore is limited, lawfully conuidted or atteinted thereof by the laws of this Realm, shall suffer such paines of death, Losses and forfeitures, and also loose priviledges of Sanctuaries, in like manner and form as is aboue mentioned, for the treasons afore limited by this Act.

XXIII And be it further enabled by authoritie of this present Parliament, That if it shall please the Kings Majesty at any time heereafter, by his Letters Patents vnder his great Seal, or by his last will made in writing, and Signed with his most gracious hand, to aduance any person or persons of his moil roiall blood to any title, llile, or name of any estate, dignity or honour, whatfoeuer it bee, and to give to them, or to any of them any Cartels, honours, manors, - lands, tenements, liberties, franchises, or other hereditaments, in fee simple, see taile, or for term of their liues, or the life of any of them : that then all and euery such Letters Patents and last will of his Highneffe, foto bee made to any such person or persons of his bloud, ihal be good and effecftuall to them & euery of them, according to the tenor, purports, and effects of euery such Letters Patents and last will. And that the said person and persons, and euery of them, shall have and inioy as well all such titles, styles, and names of honour, dignity and estate, which shall be contained, and expressed in any such Letters Patents or last will of the Kings highneffe, as such Cartels, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Liberties, Franchises, and all other Hereditaments, which shall bee specified and mentioned in euery such Letters Patents or list will, in such manner, form, fashion, and condition, and according to such estate or estates in the law, as shall be expressed and limited in euery such Letters Patents or last will, in as large and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the titles, styles, and names of honour, dignity, and estate, and the Cartels, Honours, Manors, Lands, tenements, Liberties, Franchises, and other Hereditaments, which shall be comprised in any such Letters Patents or last will to be made, where already giuen by good and sufficient Letters Patents, to such person or persons of the Kings blood, by their fpeciall names and surnames, and ratified & confirmed by authoritie of this present Parliament, or as if the names of such person and persons so being of the Kings blood, and such titles, styles, names, Cartels, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Liberties, Franchises, or other hereditaments, had been specially named and expressed in this a<51, and giuen to such person and persons of the Kings bloud by their proper names and surnames, by luflicient words, terms, clauses, and sentences, immediately by authority of this present Parliament. Sauing to all and euery person and persons, and bodies politicke, and to their heires, assignes, and successors, other then to the Kings highneffe, his heires or successors, all such right, title, interest, possession, rents, annuities, sees, offices, commons, rights, interests, petitions conditions, and all other hereditaments, which they or any of them may or might claime of, in, or to any the said Titles, Styles, Names, Castles, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Liberties, Franchises, and other Hereditaments, contained or mentioned in any such Letters Patents, or last will, in as large and ample manner, as if this a<51 had neuer been had nor made.

XXIII And be it finally enabled by the authority aforesaid, That this present Act, and euery clause, article, and sentence comprised in the same, shall be taken and accepted according to the plain words and sentences therein contained, and shall not be interpreted nor expounded by colour of any pretence or cause, or by any fubtill arguments, inuention, or reasons, to the hindrance, disturbance, or derogation of this Act, or any part thereof: anything or things, Actor Acts of Parliament heretofore made, or hereafter to bee had, done, or made, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. And that euery Act, Statute, law, prouilion, thing and things, heretofore had or made, or hereafter to be had, done, or made, contrary to the effect of this Statute, shall be void and of no value nor force.

Anno tricesimo primo Henrici oslaui.

AT a Parliament held at jvejlminjier the eight and twentyeth day of April, and there continued vntill the eight and twentyeth day of Pune next following.

CAP. XIV

An act for abolishing of diuerfitie of opinions in certain Articles concerning christian religion.

C "T THERE the Kings most excellent majesty is by Gods law fupreame head immediately vnder ‘ \/\/ him of this whole Church and congregation of England, intending the conferuation of the

• y y same Church and congregation in a true, sincere and vniforme doctrine of Christs religion, ‘ calling also to his blessed and most gracious remembrance, as well the great and quiet assurance, prof ‘ perous increase, and other innumerable commodities, which have euer infued, come and followed of ‘ concord, agreement and vnitie in opinions, as also the manifold perils, dangers and inconueniences,

‘ which have heretofore in many places and regions growne, sprung, and arisen, of the diuerflties of ‘ mindes and opinions, especially of matters of christian religion : and therefore desiring, that such an * vnitie might and should be charitably established in all things touching and concerning the same, as ‘ the same so being established might chiefly be to the honour of Almighty God, the very Author and ‘ fountaine of all true vnitie and sincere concord, and consequently redound to the commonwealth of 4 this his highneffe most noble realm, and of all his lotting subjects and. other refiants and inhabitants

‘ of

1.28

The fixe Arti'

ties.

Sacrament.

Communion.

Marriage.

Vowes.

Priuat mattes.

Auricular con felfian.

Printing.

Teach.

Opinions.

APPENDIX.

1 of or in tbc same: hath therefore caused and commanded this his most high Court of Parliament, for ‘ sundry and .many vrgent causes and considerations, to be at this time summoned, and also a synod and £ couuocation of all the Archbishops, Bishops, and other learned men of the Clergy of this his realm,

‘ to be in like manner assembled.

‘ II And forasmuch as in the said Parliament, synod and conuocation,. there were certain Articles, ‘ matters and questions proponed and set forth touching christian religion, that is to say,

First, Whether in the most blessed Sacrament of the Altar remaineth after the consecration, the fubfance of Bread and Wine, or no.

Secondly, Whether it be ncccjfary by Gods law, that all men Should communicat with both kinds, or no.

Thirdly, Whether Priejls, that is to say, men dedicat to God by Priejlhood, may by the law of God marrie after, or no.

Fourthly, jvhethcr vow of chafitie or widowhead, made to God aduifedly by man or woman, bee by the law of God to be obferued, or no.

Fiftly, Whether priuat majfes sand with the law of God, and be to be vfed and continued in the Church and congregation of England, as things whereby good chriftiems may and doe receiue both godly conflation, and wholesome benefits, or no. _

Sixtly, Whether auricular confeffton is necessary to be retained, continued, vfed and frequented in the Church, or no.

‘ III The Kings most royall majesty, most prudenly pondering and considering, that by occasion of £ variable and sundry opinions and iudgeinents of the said Articles, great difeord and variance hatharifen,

‘ as well amongst the Cleargie of this his Realm, as amongst a great number of the vulgar people, his £ louing fubiedls of the same: and being in a full hope and trust, that a full and perfect resolution of the ‘ said Articles, should make .3 perfect concord and ynitie generally amongst all his louing and obedient fub ‘ iedts, of his most excellent goodnefle not only commanded, that the said Articles thould deliberately,

£ and aduifedly, by his said Archbishops, Bishops, and other learned men of his Cleargie, be debated,

‘ argued and reasoned, and their opinions therein to be understood, declared and knowne, but also most £ vpuchfafed in his own Princely person, to defeend and come vnto his said high court of

Parliament and counsel & like a Prince of most high prudence, and no leste learning, opened £ and declared many things of high learning and great knowledge, touching the said articles, matters 1 & queftio's for an vnity to be had in the same : Wherupo' after a great & long deliberat & aduifed dif * putatio' & co'fultatio' had and made concerning the said Articles, afwell by the consent of the Kings e highnefle, as by the assent of the Lords spirituall and Temporall, and other learned men of his Cler ‘ gie in their Conuocations, and by the consent of the Commons in this present parliament assembled,

‘ it was and is Anally refolued, accorded and agreed in manner and form following, that is to say,

First, That in the moji blessed Sacrament of the Altar, by the frength and efficacie of chruls mighty word (it being spoken by the Priejl) is present really vnder the form of bread and wine, the naturall body and blood of our Sauiour Iefu Christ, concerned of the Virgin Mary : and that after the eonfccration there remaineth no fub jiauce of Bread or Wine, nor any other Jubilance, but the substance of Christ, God and man.

Secondly, That the Communion in both kinds is not necessary Ad lalutem by the law of God to all persons: and that it is to be bcleeued and riot doubted of, but that in the Jteth vnder the form of bread, is the very blood, and with the blood vnder form of wine, is the very fiejl> as swell apart as though they were both together.

Thirdly, That Priejls, after the order of Prieftbood reteiued, as afore, may not marrie by the law of God.

Fourthly, That vowes of chafitie, zvidozvhead, by man or zvoman made to God aduifedly, ought to be ob firmed by the lazy of God: and that it exempteth them from other liberties of Cbrijlian people, which without that they might enjoy.

Fiftly, That this is mete and tiecejfary, that private Majfes be continued and admitted in it the Kings eug lift] Church and Congregation, as whereby good Cbrijlian Jeople, ordering themfclues accordingly, do receive both godly and goodly conflations and benefits: and it is agreeable also to Gods lazy.

Sixtly, That auricular cotifelfton is expedient and necessary to be reteined and continued, vfed and frequented in the Church of God.

e IV For the which most godly ftudie,. paine and trauell of his majesty, and determination and resolution of the premises, his humble and obedient fubiedls, the Lords spirituall and temporall, and the £ commons in this present Parliament assembled, not only render and giue vnto his highnes their most £ and hearty thanks, Si think themfelues most bound to pray for the long continuance of his f Graces moult royal estate, but also being desirous that his most godly enterprise may be well accomplished and brought to a full end and perfection, and so established, that the same might be to the honour of ‘ God, and after to the common quiet, vnitie, and concord to be had in the whole body of this realm £ for ever : most humbly befeechen his royal majesty, that the resolution and determination aboue writ ‘ ten of the said Articles, may bee established and perpetually perfeded by authority of this present C parliamentit is therefore ordeined and enacted by the King our Souereigne Lord, the Lords spirituall and temporal, Sc the Commons in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That if any person or persons within this Realm of England, or any other the kings dominions, after the XII day of Inly next comming, byword, writing, imprinting, ciphering, or in any otherwise, doe publish, preach, teach, say, afiirme, declare, dispute, argue, or hold any opinion, that in the blessed Sacrament of the Altar, vnder the form of bread and wine (after the consecration thereof) there is 8 not

129

APPENDIX.

not present really, tile naturall body and blood of our Sauiour Jesu Christ, conceiued of the Virgin Mary I or that after the said consecration there remaineth any substance of bread or wine, or any other fob fiance but the substance of Christ, God and man : or after the time aboue said, publish, preach, teach, say, affirme, declare, dispute, argue or hold opinion, that in the flesh, vnder form of bread is not the very blood of Christ: : that with the blood vnder the form of Wine, is not the very fiefti of Christ, afwel apart as though they were both together: or by any the means abouefaid, or otherwise, preach, leach, declare or affirme the said Sacrament to be of other substance then is abouefayd, or by any means contemne, depraue or despise the said blessed Sacrament: that then euery such person and persons so offending, their aiders, comforters, counfellers, consentors and abettors therein, being thereof convicted in form vnderwritten by the authority abouefaid, shall be deemed adjudged lieretikes. And that euery Herctikce, such offence shall be iudged manifest hcrefie : and that euery such offender and offenders shall therefore have and suffer iudgement, execution, paine and paines of death, by way of burning without any abiu Burning, ration, Clergy or Sanctuary, to be therefore permitted, had allowed, admitted or suffered: : also shall therefore forfeit and lose to the Kings highnes, his heires & successors, all his or their honours, manors, castles, lands, tenements, rents, reuerfions, feruices, pofieflions, & all other his or their hereditaments, goods and chattels, farmes and freeholds, whatfoeuer they be, which any such offender or offenders shall have at the time of any such offence or offences committed or done, or at any time after, as in cases of high treason.

V And furthermore be it enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, that if any person orprra^ persons, after the said XII day of ‘july, preach in any sermon or collation, openly made to the Kings people, or teach in any common fchoole, or to other congregation of people, or being called before such iudges, and according to such form of the law, as hereafter shall be declared, do obstinately affirme, vphold, maintaine or defend, that the communion of the said blessed Sacrament in both kinds, that is to say, in form of bread and also of wine, is necessary for the health of mans soul, to be giuen or miniftred, or ought or should be given or miniftied to any person in both kinds: or that it is necessary foto be receiued or taken by any person (other then by Priests being at mafic, and cbnfecrating the same:) or that any man after the order of Priesthood received, as aforesaid, may marry and may contract matrimony : or that any man or woman, which aduifedly hath vowed or professed, or should vow or professe chaftitie or widowhead, may marry, or may contrail matrimony: or that priuate mafies be not lawful or not laudable, or should not be celebrated, had, nor vfed in this realm, nor be not agreeable to the laws. of God : or that auricular confession is not expedient and necessary to be receiued and continued, vfed and frequented in the Church of God: or if any Priest after the said XII day of July, or Marriage, any other man or woman which aduifedly hath vowed, or after the said day aduifedly do vow chaftitie or widowhood, do actually marry or contrail matrimony with any person, that then all and euery person and persons, so preaching, teaching, obstinately affirming, vpholding, maintaining or defending, or making marriage cr contrail of matrimony as is aboue specified, be and (halbe by authority aboue written, deemed and iudged a felon and felons. And that euery offender in the same being therefore duly Fetonie, conuiiled or attainted by the laws vnder written, shall therefore suffer paines of death as in cases of felony, without any benefit of Clergy, or priviledge of Church or Sanctuary to him or her to be allow clergy. ed in that behalfe, and shall forfeit all his or her lands & goods as in cases of felony. And that it be Sanctuary; lawful to the patron or patrons of any manner of benefice, which any such offender at the time of his said conuiifion or attaindor had, to present one other Incumbent thereunto, as if the same person so convicted or attainted, had been bodily deceased.

VI Also bee it enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, That if any person or persons after the said twelfth Options, day of July, by word, writing, printing, ciphering, or otherwise then is aboue rehearsed, publish, declare, or hold opinion, that the said communion of the blessed Sacrament in both kinds aforesaid, is necessary for the health of mans soul to bee given or miniftred in both kindes, and so ought or should be given and miniftred to any person, or ought or should bee foin both kindes leceiued or taken by any person, other then by Priests being at Made, and so consecrating the same as is aforesaid: or that any man after the order of Priesthood receiued as is aforesaid, may mairie or may make contract of matri monie : or that any man or woman which aduifedly hath made or shall make a vow to God of chaftitie or widowhood, may marrie, or may make contract of matrimony: or that priuate Mafies be not law full or not laudable, or should not be celebrated, had, or vfed, nor be agreeable to the laws of God : or that auricular confession is not expedient and necessary to be reteined and continued, vfed and frequented in the Church of Gcd euery person being for any such offence dueiy conuicted or attainted by the laws vnderwritten, shall forfeit and lose to the King our Souereigne Lord ail his goods and chattels Fors. for euer, and also the profits of all his lands, tenements, annuities, tees and offices during his life, and all his Benefices and Spirituall promotions shall beevtterly vo^d, and also Ilia 1 suffer imprisonment of. his body at the will and pleasure of our said louereign lord the King. And if any such person or per jmprison. fons being once eonuicl of any the offences mentioned in this Article as is abouefaid, doe afterward eft foones offend in any of the same, and be tlierof accused, indicted or presented, and conuidl again by authority of the laws underwritten, that then euery such person and persons so being twice eonuicl and attainted of the said offences, or of any of them, shall be adjudged a felon and felons, and shall suffer Secon 0 encc' iudgement, execution and paines of death, lofle and forfeiture of lands and goods, as in cases cf felony, Felony, without any priuiledge of Clergy, or sanctuary to be in any wise permitted, admitted or allowed in that behalfe.

VII Beit further enacted by the authority abouefaydj That if any person, which is or hath been a Priests.

Priell before this present Parliament, or during the time of Sellion of the same, hath married and hath made any contract of matrimony with any woman, or that any man or woman which before the making

APPEND. i of

I

Maniac.

Diuorces.

Prides,

Lecinrie.

Fclonie.

Fors,

Felony.

Women.

Refuse.

Felony.

Commissions.

Wales,

Biiliops.

. .7

Visitations

APPENDIX.

of this Abl, aduifedly. hath vowed chastity or widowhood before this present parliament, or during the Sefilon of the same'hath married & contrabled matrimony with any pcrlon, that then, euery -- such...ina riage & contract of matrimony Ihalle vtterly void and of none eft'ebt. Aiid that the ordinaries, within whose Dioceffe or Jurifdiblions the person or persons so married or contracted, is or be reiident or abiding, shall from time to time make reparation and diuorces of the said marriages and contracts.

VIII And further it is enabled by the authorise aforesaid, That if any man which is or. hath been Priest as is aforesaid, at any rhyme from or after the said twelfth day of July next comm'tng, doe carnally keep or vfe any woman to wilt in hee is or hath' been married, or with whom he hath contrablcd matrimony, or openly be conuerfanr, keep company or familiaritie with any such woman, to the euill example of other persons, euery such carnal use, copulation, open conuerlation, keeping of company and familiaritie, be and shall be deemed and aiudged felony, as well against die man as the woman, and that euery such person so offending, ihali be inquired of, tried, punished, suffer, lose and forfeit all and euery thing and things as other felons made and declared by this Act, and as in case of felony as is aforefayd.

IX Be it also further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid (not giuing aduantage or detriment to any article afore rehearsed) that if any man which is or hath been Priest, or hereafter shall be, at any, time after the said twelfth day of July, do carnally vfe and accustome any woman, or keep her as his concubine, as by paying for her boord, maintaining her with money, array, or any other gifts or meanesf.to the euill example of other persons, that then euery such offender being thereof duly conuicted or; attainted by the laws mentioned in this Act, ih .11 forfeit and lose all his .goods and chattels, Benefices, Prebends, and other Spiritual) promotions and dignities, and also shall have and .suffer imprisonment of his body at the Kings wdll and pleasure. And that euery of the said Benefices, Prebends, and other promotions and dignities, shall be to all intents and purposes vtterly void, as if the said. offender had refigped or permuted. And if any such offender or offenders at any time after the .laid, conuidlion or attainder, ettioones commit, doe, or perpetrate the said offences or any of them next afore rehearsed, and be thereof duly cohuibled or attainted by the laws aforesaid, that then all and euetw such offence and offences shall be deemed and adiudged felony, and the offender and offenders therein shall suffer paines of death, and lose and forfeit all his and their goods, lands, and tenements, as in cases of felony, without ltauing any benefit of Clergy or Sanctuary.

X And be it further enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, That tliofe women, with whom all and Angular the forefayd Priests shall in any : of the foresaid wayes have to doe with, or carnally know as. is aforesaid fitail haue.like punishment as the Priests. ‘ j ....,,

XI And be it further enabled by authority abouefaid. That if any person or persons at any time hereafter'contemne or contemptuoully refuse, deny or abfteine to bee confessed at any time commonly accullomcd wirhin this Reahhe and Church of England, or contemne or contemptuoully refuse, deny or abfteine or receiue the holy Si blessed Sacrament abouefayd, at the time commonly vfed and accustomed for the same, that then euery such offender being thereof duly convibled or attained by the 1 aves vn derwritten, shall suffer luclt imprisonment and make such fine and ransome to the King our Souereigne Lord and his heirs, as by his highneffe or by his or their counfell shall be ordered and adjudged in that behalfc. And if .any such offender or offenders at any time or times after the said conuidlion or attainder so had, doe eftfoones contemne or contemptuoully refuse, deny or abfteine to be confessed, or to bee communicate in manner and form aboue written, and be thereof duly conuibled or attainted by the layves vnderwritter, 'that then every such offence shall bee deemed and adjudged felony, and the offender C r offenders therein shall suffer panes of death, and lose and forfeit all his and their goods, lands and tenements, as in cases of felony.

XII And for full and effectuall execution of the premises before deuifed, ordeined and enabled by this Act; Be it furthermore enabled by the authority of this present Parliament, that immediately after the said twelfth day of July next comming, sundry Ccmmissions shall be made from time to time, into euery shire cf this Realm and Wales, and in and to such other places within the Kings dominions, as shall please his majesty to be direbted to the Archbishop or Bishop of the Dioceffe, and to his Chancellor or Commissary, and to such other persons as shall bee named by his highneffe, or by such other as his majesty at his pleasure final! appoint to name the same : which Archbishops or Bishop, his Chancellor or Commissary and other persons foto be named, or three of them at lead, whereof the Archbishop or Bishop, cr his Chancellor or Commissary to be one, shall hold and keep their Sessions within the limits of their Commifficn foure feuerall times of the yeere at the least, or oftener if they shall think it expedient by their diferetions, and shall! have power and authoritie by virtue of this Abl, and their Lid Comrriiffion, as well to take information and accusation by the oaths and depositions of two able and lawful] persons at the least, as to inquire by the oarhs of twelve men, of all and Angular the heresies, felonies, contempts ard other offences aboue white ', committed, done or perpeiiate within the limits of their Commifiion. And that euery such accusation and information cor.teining the matter, names, surnames, and dwelling places of the offenders, and the day, yeere, place and County when and wherein their offences were committed, shall be of as good force and effebt in the lavis if the matter therein cvnteined had been presented by verdibl of twelue men.

XIII And ' neuertheleffe it is furth.r enabled. That euery of the said Archbifitops and Biiliops, Sc euery of their Chancellors, Commissaries, Archdeacons and other ordinaries hauing .any peculier eecle fiafticall iurifdiblions within this Realm or in Wales, or in any other the Kings dominions, shall have full power and authoritie by virtue of this Abl, as well to inquire in their visitations and Senis, as there and elsewhere within their iurifdiblions, at any other time or place, to take acculations and informations as is aforesaid, of the heresies, 'felonies, contempts and offences aboue mentioned, done, comtnit

o ' ted

APPENDIX. 131

ted or perpetrated within the limits of their iurifdidtions and authorities. And that euery such accusation, information and presentment so taken or had as is aforesaid, shall be of as good force and effect, as if the matter therein conteined had been presented before the Justices of peace in their Sessions. And also that Justices of peace in their seitions, and euery Steward, Uriderfteward, and deputy of Steward Justices oft of any Leete or Lawday, in their Leete or Lawdayes shall have like power, and authorise by virtue of this Act, to inquire by the oaths of twelue lawful men, of all and Angular the heresies, felonies, contempts and other offences aboue written, done, perpetrated or committed within the limits of their com missions and authorities. • >■

XIV And it is also enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That euery such person or persons afore whom any presentment, information, or accusation shall be made and taken as is aforesaid, shall examine the accusers what other witneffe were by and present at the time of doing ard committing of the offence whereof the information, accusation or presentment shall be made, and how many other then the accu r fers have knowledge thereof. And shall have power and authoritie to binde by recognisance to be taken ec s' afore them, as well the said accusers as all such other persons whom the same accusers shall declare to have knowledge of the offences by them presented or informed, euery of them in fiue pounds to the king our Souereigne Lord, to appear before the Commissioners afore whom the offender or offenders shall bee tried at the day of the triall of such.offenders.

XV And that all and Angular Indentures, Presentments, Accusations, Informations and Recogni informations, zances taken and had as is aforesaid, within twenty days next after the taking of the same, shall be cer ccu at‘ons', tiffed in due form by writing vpon parchment by the taker or takers thereof, vnder his or their seals vn

to any of the said Commiffieners, to be appointed as is aforesaid, within the limits of whose Commifiion the hcrcaes, felonies contempts and offences, whereof any such presentment, indidhnent, information or accusation shall be taken or had, as is aboue written, shall bee committed, done and perpetrated.

And if any person or persons which hereafter shall happen to take any such accusation, information, erti cate' presentment or recognisance as is abouefaid, do make default of the certificate thereof contrary to the form aboue rehearsed, that then euery person and persons so offending, shall forfeit to our Souereigne Lord the King for euery such default, ten pounds.

XVI And it is further enacted by the authority abouefaid, that the said Commissioners or three ofprocefle. them at the leafi as is abouefaid, by virtue of this Act and their Commilfion, shall have full power and authoritie to make like procefie against euery person or persons, indicted, presented or accused, in form

as is aboue remembered, as is vfed and accuffomed in cases of felony, and that as well within the limits of their Commilfion, as into all other shires and places of the realm of Wales, and other the Kings dominions, as well within liberties as without, and the same procefie to be good and effedluall in the Law as in cases of felony. And vpon the appearance of any of the offenders, shall have full power and authoritie by virtue of this Act, and the said Commifficn to here and determine the foresaid heresies, felonies, contempts or other offences, according to the laws of this Realm, and the effects of this Acl.

XVII And it is also enacted by the authority abouefayd, that euery of the said Commissioners vpon Commit?, any such accusation, presentment or information, shall endeuour himself effectually, without affection, dread or corruption, to apprehend and take the offenders, and after the apprehension of any such offender or offenders, ihail have full power and authority to commit them to ward. And that the said Commissioners, or two of them at the lead, shall have full powder and authority to let any person or persons so accused or presented, vpon fufticient sureties by their diferetions, to baile for their appearance

to be tried according to the tenor, form and effect of this Act.

XVIIII. And further it is enacted by the authoritie abouefaid, That if any person or persons which hereafter shall be named and assigned to be Ccmmifiioner or Commissioners as is abouefaid, be accused, indidfed or presented, of or for any the offences aboue written, that then all and euery such commissioner or Commissioners, so accused, indicated and presented, shall be examined, put to anfwere, and tried of, and vpon any such offence, according to the tenor and effect of this Act, before such other person or persons as it shall please the Kings highnefie to name, afligne and appoint by his gracious Commilfion to hear and determine the same.

, XIX And it is further entdled by the authority abouefaid. That no person or persons which at any Chanenge. time hereafter shall be accused, indidled or presented as is abouefaid, shall be admitted to the challenge of any person or persons, which final be impanelled for the triall of his or their offence for any matter or cause, other then for malice or enmitie, which challenge shall forthwith be tried in like tnaner as other challenges be vfed to be tried in cases of felony.

XX And it is further enacted by the authoritie abouefaid. That all forreine Pleas triable by the Forreine pleas. Country, which at any time hereafter shall bee pleaded by any person or persons hereafter to be arraigned or put to anfwere vpon any accusation, endicinient to presentment, or for any of the offences

aboue specified, or of, or for any of them, shall be tried before the same Commissioners afore whom such person or persons shall be arraigned or put to anfwere, and by the Jurors' that shall trie the said offence or offences without any further respect or delay.

XXI And it is further enacted by the authority abouefaid, That all Maiors, Shiriffes, Stewards, Officers. Bailiffes of liberties, gaolers, and other officers and ministers, of what name, degree or condition foeuer

they be, and euery of them, flial from time to time truly and diligently receiue, and ferue all and all manner the procefies, precepts and commandements to them or any of them by the said Commissioners, or any of them to be made, given or directed, touching or concerning the premises or any parcell there of, & shall from time to time be obedient and attendant vnto the said Commissioners for the time being, for the due execution of this present Act, or of anything therein contained.

XXII And

Commission, XXII And it is also enacted, That euery person, which ftialbe named to be Commissioner in the said Commission, after that lie hath knowledge thereof, shall effectually put his diligence & attendance in and about the execution of the said Commission & that he (hal take vpon him the execution of the same com'iffion, shall take a corporal oth before the Lord Chancellor of England for the lime being, or before him or them to whom the said Lord Chancellor shall direst the kings writ of Dedimus po tejiatem, to take the same, the tenor of which oath hereafter enfueth.

°u!l' * XT' E shall fweare that ye to your cunning, wit and power, shall truly and indifferently execute the

1 authority to you giuen by the Kings Commission made for correction of heretikes and other of ‘ fendors mentioned in the same Commidion, without any fauor, affection, corruption or malice to be * born to any person or persons, '

As God you help and all Saints.

Refute,

Vorfeit.

Com mill: on. Eookcs.

Parsons hall read this Act. Rights.

Escheats.

Vowe,

Age,

XXIII And in case that any of the said persons named to be Commissioners, refuse to take the said oath, or willingly absent or eloine himself from the taking of the said oath, then euery such person so offending, and the same offence extreated or certified into the kings Exchequer by the said Lord Chancellor, or by him or them to who' any such writ of Dedimus potejlatem, as is aforesaid, shall be directed, shall forfeit and loose to our said Souereigne Lord the King for euery time so offending, flue markes of lawful money.

XXIV And it is also enacted by the authority abouefaid. That the said Commissioners and euery of them shall from time to time have full power and authority by virtue of this act to take into his or their keeping and possession, all and all manner of bookes, which be and have been, or hereafter shall be let forth, read and declared within this Realm or other the Kings dominions, wherein is or be contained or comprised, any clause, article, matter or sentence, repugnant or contrary to the tenor, form or effect of this present act, or any of the articles contained in the same: and the said Commissioners or three of them at the least, to burn or otherwise destroy the said bookes or any part of them, as vnto the said Commissioners or vnto three of them at the least, shall be thought expedient by their diferetions.

XXV And it is also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That euery Parson, Vicar, Curate, or parish Priest of euery parish Church within this Realm or other the Kings dominions, or his or their deputy, vpon the Sunday next after the first day of September next ensuing, and so from thenceforth once in euery quarter of the yeere at the least, shall openly, plainely and dilfinftly read this present act in the Parish Church, where he is Parson, Vicar, Curat, Parish Priest or deputy, vnto his or their parishioners then assembled together to hear diuine Seruice. And that euery such Parson, Vicar, Curator Parish Priest, making default of reading this act contrary to the form aforesaid, shall forfeit vnto our said Fouereigne Lord, his heires or successors, for euery such default XL s. sterling, Sauing to all & singular person and persons, bodies politike and corporate, their heires and successors, and to the heires and successors of euery of them (other then al and singular such person and persons that shall be hereafter con uicted or attainted of, or for any of the offences or contempts aboue specified, their heires and successors, and the heires and successors of euery of them] all such right, title, claime, interest, entree, possession, rents, reuerfions, sees, annuities, commons, offices, profits and demands whatfoetier, as they or any of them have, or then at the time of the said conuiftion or attainder, had, shall have, of, in or to any Honours, Castles, Lordffiips, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Liberties, Franchises, aduoufon and other hereditaments which any such person or persons being so conuifted or attainted, as afordaid, had or were entitled to have at the time of their offence or offences committed, or at any time after, and that in as ample manner, form and condition, to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if this Act had neuer been had or made, anything contained in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI Prouided always, That the Lords shall not have nor claime any Efcneats of any offendor or offendors that shall bee iudged to be burned by authority of this Act.

XXVII And because disputations and doubts might perhaps rise hereafter vpon the words in this ‘ Aft, that is to say, Aduifedly made to God Be it therefore prouided & enacted by authority aforesaid, these words in the Aft, that is to say, Aduifedly made to God for vowes of chastity or widowhood, shall bee all only taken, expounded and interpreted, to bind such person or persons and none other, falling Priests, to and hythe same, which at the time of any of their so vowing, being thereto admitted, were or shall be of the age of one and twenty yeeres or aboue, and then did or doe consent, submit themfelues or condescend to the same, and continue or continued in obferuation of it any while after, vnleffe any such person or persons doe or can duly prooue any vnlawfull cohercion or compulsion done to them or any of them for making of any such vow.

Anm

APPENDIX,

*33

Anno tricesimo Jecundo Henrici obaui.

IN the Parliament begun at Westminster the twenty eight of April, Anno tricesimo primo Henrici odlaui, and there held and afterward continued by diverse prorogations vntil the twelfth day of April, Anno tricesimo Jecundo, Henrici odiaui. In the last Session therof begun the said twelfth day of April and there held vntill the eleuenth day of May, and then prorogued vntill the flue and twentieth day of the same Month of May, and then held and continued vntill the foure and twentieth day of Iuly, in the said two and thirtieth yeere of King Henry the 8. at which time it was finished and difibliied.

CAP. XXIV

An Ad concerning the lands and goods of the hospitals of S. Johns of Ierufalem in England and Ireland to be heereafter in the Kings hands and disposition.

THE Lords spirituall and temporall and the commons in this present Parliament assembled, hauing credible knowledge that diverse & the Kings fubjedis called Knights of the Rhodes, otherwise called knights of Saint Iohns, otherwise called Friars of the religion of Saint ‘ John of Ierufalem in England, and ot a like house being in Ireland, abiding in he parts of beyond the ‘ Sea, and hauing as well out of this Reaime as out of Ireland and other the Kings dominions, yeerely ‘ great sums of money for maintenance of their liuings, have vnnaturally and contrary to the dutie of ‘ their allegiances, fufteined and maintained the vfurped power and authoritie of the Bishop of Rome ‘ lately vfed and practised within this reaime and other the Kings dominions, and have not only adhered * themselves to the said Bishop being common enemy to the King our Soueraigne Lord, and to this his ‘ reaime vntruly vpholding, acknowledging and affirming maliciously and traitorously, the same Bishop to ‘ be fupreame and chief head of Christs Church by Gods holy word, intending thereby to fubveit ‘ and ouerthrow the good and godly laws and statutes of this reaime their naturall country, made ‘ and grounded by authority of holy Church by the most excellent wisdom, policy and goodnes of the ‘ kings majesty with the whole aflfent and consent of the reaime, for the abolishing, expulfing & vtter ‘ extinffing of the said vfurped power and authoritie, but also have defamed and llandered as well the ‘ Kings majesty as the noble men, Prelats and other the Kings true and louing Subjefls of this reaime,

‘ for their good and godly proceeding in that behalfe, have therefore deepely pondered and considered ‘ that like as it is and was a most godly Act of the Kings most royal! majesty, and the said Noble men,

‘ Prelats, and Commons of this reaime, vtterly to expulfe and abolish not only from this reaime, but ‘ also from other the Kings dominions the said vfurped power and authority of the Bishop of Rome,

and also the hypocri'tike and superstitious religions in this Reaime, and other the Kings dominions ‘ being his members and adherents hauing their originall eredlion and foundation by the said vfurped au ‘ thoride, by expulfing whereof Gods holy word necessary for increase of virtue and faluation of christian ‘ foules, is not only purely and sincerely aduanced and fet foorth, but also the extort exadlions of ‘ innumerable fummes of money, caftily exhausted out of this reaime and of other the Kings dominions, by the colour of the said vfurped authoritie is removed and taken away, to the inestimable benefit * and commoditie of the Kings louing subjects, foin like manner of wise it should be most dangerous to ‘ be suffered or permitted within this reaime or in any other the kings dominions, any religion being ‘ sparks, leaues, and imps of the said root of iniquity, considering also that the Isle of Rhodes, whereby ‘ the said religion took their old name and foundation is furpifed by the Turke.

II And that it were and is much better that the possessions in this reaime, and in other the Kings dominions appertaining to the said religion, should rather be employed and spent within this reaime, and ‘ in other the Kings dominions, for the defence and sureties of the same, then conuerted to & among such ‘ vnnaturall subjects which have declined not only from their naturall dutie of obedience, that they ‘ ought to bear vnto the King their foueraigne Lord, but also from the good laws and Statutes of this * reaime, their naturall country, daily doing and attempting priuily, and craftily all that they can to ‘ fubuert the good and godly policy, in the which thanks be to God and to our most dread foueraigne ‘ Lord, this reaime and all other the Kings dominions now stand in: ' In consideration whereof, the said Lords spirituall and temporall, and the commons in this present Parliament assembled, most humbly befeeche the Kings most royal! Majesty, that it may be enacted by his highnes and by the assent of the Lords spirituall and temporall and tile commons in this present Parliament assembled, that the corpo c°rpcrst; oration of the said religion, as well within this reaime, as within the Kings dominions and land of Ire lffove ' land, by whatsoever name or names they bee sounded, incorporated or knowne, shall be vtterly diffolued and void to all intents and purposes. And that sir William Weston Knight, now being Prior of the said religion within this reaime of England, shall not be named or called from hencefoorth Prior of S. Iohns of of Ierufalem in England, but shall be called by his proper name of William Wejlon Knight, without further addition touching the said religion. And that likewise Iohn Raufon Knight, now being Prior of Kil

mainam

J 34

m.nkcs.

Congregation.

Vi'emunire.

Ivl irke:.

frt.munire.

S. lokrs giuen to the King.

Ireland.

Goods.

Real! poltcf lion.

Rights.

Sir ffrjlon. Annuitie.

Goods.

Sir John Ruvfitt. Annuitie.

APPENDIX.

mainam in Ireland, dial not be called or named from henceforth Prior of Kilmainam in Ireland, but only by his proper name of Ichti Raufon Knight without further addition touching the said religion, nor that any of the brethren or confreres of the said religion in this realm of England, and land of Ireland, shall be called Knights of the Rhodes, nor Knights of Saint lohns, but shall be called by their own proper christian names and surnames of their parents, without any other additions touching the said religion.

III And be it furthermore enabled by authority of this present Parliament, that if the said ivwiam tvejfon, or any of his brethren or confreres of the horpitall or house of S. lohn of Icrufalem in England now abiding and dwelling within this realm of England, or any other person or persons being members professed of or in the said Hofpitall now dwelling within the faidc realm at any time after the first day of July next comming, do vfe or wear within this realm or elsewhere, in or Vpon any apparel] of their bodies any sign, mark or token heretofore vfed and accustomed or hereafter to be deuiled for the knowledge, of the laide religion, or make any Congregations, Chapters or allemblies, touching the same religion, or maintaine, support, vfe or defend any liberties, Francliifes, or priviledges heretofore granted to the said religion by authoritie of the Bithop of Rome, or of the see of the same, that then euery of them so offending, shall incurre and run into the peines, forfeitures, and penalties, ordained and prouided by the Statute of prouifion and Premunire, made in the fixteenlh yeere of King Richard the second. And if the said hhn Raufon Knight or any his brethren or confreres of the said hofpitall or house of Kilmainam in Ireland, or any other person or persons, being members professed of or in the said hofpitall ot Kilmainam, now abiding and dwelling within the said land of Ireland at any time after the last day of September next comming doe vfe or wear within this realm, or within the said land of Ireland or elsewhere, in or vpon any apparell of their bodies, any ligne, mark or token heretofore vfed and accustomed, or hereafter to be deuifed for the knowledge o the same religion, or make any Congregations, Chapters, or assemblies, touching the same religion, or maintaine, support, vfe, or defend any manner of liberties, Francliifes, or priviledges heretofore granted to the same by authority of the Biflrop of Rome, or of the see of the same, that then euery of them so offending shall incurre and run into the peines, Forfeitures and penalties, - ordained and prouided by the said Statute of prouifion and Premunire, made in the said sixteenth yeere of King Richard the second.

IV And be it likewise enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any the Knights or contreres of the said leligion being the Kings .raiturall subjects, which now inhabit, abide and dwell out of any of the Kings dem'nions, at any time after the first day of February next comming, doe offend in any of the Articies or offences next aboue rehearsed that then euery of them so offending shall incurre and runne into the peines, forfeitures and penalties next aboue remembered.

V And be it further enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, that the Kings Majesty his heires and successors, ftiall have and inioy all that Hofpitall, Mansion house. Church, and all other houses, edificions, ' buildings and gardens to the same belonging, being next to the City of London in the Couritie of middle sex called the houle of S. lohns of lerujalem in England, and also all that Hofpitall, Church, and house of Kilmainam in the land of Ireland, and all and singular Castles, Honours, Manors, Mefes, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reuerfions, Seruices, Woods, Medowes, Pastures, Parks, Warens, libertees, Franchises, priviledges, Parsonages, tithes, pensions, portions, Knights fees, aduowfons, commande ries, preceptories, contributions, refponfions, rents, titles, entrees, conditions, couenants, and all other pofi'effions and hereditaments, of what natures names, or qualities foeuer they be, and wheresoever they be or lie within this Realm of England, or within the land of Ireland, or elsewhere within any the king's dominions, which appertained or belonged to the said religion, or to the Priors, maifters, or governors, Knights or other Ministers, professed of or in the same by the pretence or in the right of the said religion, and all and singular goods, chattels, debts, arrerages of rents and farmes, and all other things rcall and perfonall, whatfoeuer they be, whereof or whereunto any of the said Priors, brethren or confreres, or persons professed in the said religion, can have or claime any particular proprietie to their own proper vfe by the rules and Statutes of the said religion, To have and to hold the premises and euery of them to our said Soueraigne Lord, and to his heires and successours for euer, to vfe and employ by his most excellent wifedome and discretion, at his own free will and pleasure. And that his high nefie shall be deemed and adjudged in the rcall and actua'l possession of the premises, by virtue and authentic of this present Abl: Sailing to all persons and bodies politike their heires and successors, and the heires and fueceffors of euery of them, other then the said Prior of Saint lohns of Icrufalem in England, and the said Prior of Kilmainam, in the land of Ireland, and the brethren or confreres of euery of them and the successors of euery of them, and all and euery other person or persons of the said religion, and their fueceffors and euery of them, and the fueceffors of euery of them, all such right. Title, Interest, Possession, Leases, Grants, Annuities, Sees, Offices, Corrodies, Reuerfions, Rents and Seruices, Rents, Charges, Commons, Rights, Titles, Entrees, Actions, Pensions, Portions, Petitions, and all other hereditaments, of what names, natures, or qualities soever they be, which they have, should or ought to have had, if this Able had neuer been had nor made, anything in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI Prouided always, and be it enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, by the agreement and nffent of the Kings most excellent goodneffe, that the said william ivcfton, during his naturall life, shall have and inioy to his own use out of the premises yeerely one Annual! rent or pension of one thousand pounds to be paid to him or his afiignes at the feast of Saint Michaell the Archangel], and the an nunti'atibn of our Lady, by euen portions, and also shall have to his own vfe such reasonable portion of the goods and chattels appertaining to the same religion, as it shall please the Kings majesty of his most excellent goodneffe to limit and appoint of the same. And that the said lohn Raufon Knight thail have and inioy to his own vfe, out of such possessions as he now hath in England and Ireland, one

Annual

*35

APPENDIX.

Annual] pension of fiue hundred markes. to be paid to him or to his assignes,, the feasts aforesaid by euen portions, and like wile shall have to his own proper vfe such reasonable portion of the goods of the said religion, as shall please the kings Majesty of his mould excellent goodneffe to limit and appoint for the same.

And that Clement Wtjl, being one of the confreres of the said religion, shall have and inioy during his Confreres, natural] life, one annuitie or pension of two hundred pound. And that Thomas Pemberton another of the confreres of the said religion, lliall have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely pension of fburefcore pounds. And that Giles Rujfell another, of the said confreres, dial] have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely pension of one hundred pounds. And that George Ailmer another of the said confreres, shall have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely pension of one hundred pound. And that Iohn Sutton another of the confreres of the said religion shall have and inioy yeerely during bis life naturall, one yeerely pension of two hundred pound. And that Edward reling ham another of the confreres of the said religion shall have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely pension of one hundred pound. And that Edward Brown another of the confreres of the said religion shall have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely pension of fistic pounds. And that Edmund Hufe, another of the confreres of the said religion, shall have and inioy yeerely during his life naturall, one yeerely pension of one hundred markes. And that Ambrose Cave an other of the confreres of the said religion lliall have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely pension of one hundred markes. And that Thomas Copledike another of the confreres of the fayde religion lliall have and.inioy during his naturall life one yeerely pension of fiftie pounds. And that Cuthbert Leighton another of the confreres of the fayde religion, lliall have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life one yeerely pension of threescore pounds. And that Richard Brook another of the eonfieres of the said reiigicin, shall have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely pension of one hundred markes. And that Henty Boole another of the confreres of the said religion, shall have and inioy yeerely during his natural! isle one yeerely pension of two hundred markes. And that William Tyrrell another of the confreres' of the fayde religion shall have and inioy yeerely during his naturall life, one yeerely pension of thirty pounds.

And that Iohn Rauf on another of the confreres of the fayde religion, shall have ard and inioy yeeiely during his naturall life one yeerely pension of two hundred markes. And that Anthonie R gen, Ofivind majjmgberd, lames Hufe, Thomas Thornell, Nicholas Haplor., Philip Babington, Henry Ierad, Dunjian Nudegate, Nicholas Lambert, and Dauid Gonfon, being confreies profelfcd in the said religion and hailing at this present time no manner of certainty towards their lining, fnall have and inioy euery of them yeerely, one yeerely pension of ten pounds. The said feuerall yeerely pensions to be paid at the fealls of Saint Michaell the Aichanged and the Annunciation of our Lady by euen portions as is aforesaid.

And ouer this, euery of the said confreres aboue named and mentioned, shall have to their owr.e proper vies such reasonable portions of the goods and chattels being in their hands and pollefiions, appertaining to the said religion, as it shall please the Kings majesty to limit and appoint to euery of them of the same,

VII And bee it also enacted by the Authoritie aforesaid, that if any the Kings subjects being profellecl in the said religion, bee negligently forgotten or omitted out of this present Adie for lacke of knowledge of their, names, that yet neuerthelelfe euery of them so forgotten, and not now presently named or re membred, shall have and inioy such honert, conuenient and reasonable yeerely pension and portion of goods as lliall please the Kings Majesty to limit and appoint in that behalfe.

VIII Provided alwayes, that none of the said Priors or confreres of the said religion, shall have and inioy any of the pensions afore specified.. such of them as le the Kings true and faithful subjects, anything in this Adito the contrary thereof notwithstanding'

'Prouided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that Iohn apaplefden olherwife called Iohn Mablejlcn Clerk, Subprior of the said religion of the said Hofpitall of S. Iohn oiterufalem in England,

William Ermfted Clerk Master of the Temple of London, tfalter Limfeie and Iohn Winter Chaplains there, and euery of them lliall have, perceiue, and inioy during their naturall hues all such Mansion houses, stipends and Wages, and all other profits of money in as large or ample manner 'as they or any wages, of them now lawfully have the same, without let or interruption of the King our Souerayne Lord, ' h s heires or successors, or any other his officers or Ministers, the said Master and two Chaplens of the Temple doing their duties and fenfices there, as they have accustomed to doe.

X And bee it further enacted by authoritie aferelaide, that the said William Wejlon and Iohn Ratfcn, and euery of the said brethren or confreres afore named, and the said Subprior and the said master of the Temple and two Chaplens, and euery of them, being the Kings true and faithful! subjects vpon their reasonable fuites and petitions, shall have fuff.cient Letters patents of the said feuerall yearly annui L patents, ties, pensions, manfior.s, stipends and wages, ard other profits of money to them limited by authoritie of this Ac!, vnder the Pilings great Seal without any fine or see to be paid to the Kings vfe for the same.

XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said brethren or confreres of the said Religion, and all other obediencera leing members of the said Religion shall bee acquited and difcltarged Bifoliate of of their obedience, that they have vfed to bear and giue vnto the said William Wejlon, or to the said ob5ctien' e. Iohn Raufon, or to any other of the said Religion by the ordinances, vfages, rules, or Statutes of the said Religion And that as well the same William tvefton and Iohn Raufon, as the said brethren or confreres of the said Religion called Knights, as is afoiefaid, and euery of them being the Kings subjects born in this Realm of England or in the land of Ireland or elsewhere, within any the Kings dominions lliall bee enabled to lue and bee sued by their own said proper names and surnames, and have smes. such capaei.ie, and other freedeme, liberties, ard priviledges to all intents and purposes in as large and ample maimer, form, fashion, and condition, as in the first Session of this present Parliament war or deined and enacted for Religious persons, any Statutes, Ordinances, Laws, Customes, Usages, or any other thing or things to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Surucy.

Augmentation.

ioo. pounds a

year.

crofbow.

Handgun.

Forfeit.

[Sanctuary]

XII Provided also, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforefayd, that all priviledges of Sanctuaries heretofore vied or claimed in mansion houles and other places commonly called Saint Iohm hold, and all other Sanctuaries heretofore vfed in any place within this Realm, or in Ireland, which heretofore hath been belonging to any of the said Hospitals, shall Hand and be vtterly void and of none effect, for or concerning any sanctuary, priviledges of sanctuarie, there to be had or used. The priviledges of common Churches and Churchyards, applied and vied to Gods service, and burials of Christian people only excepted.

XIII And be it also enacted by authority aforesaid, that all the said manors, mefes, lands, tenements, and all and singular other poffeltions, priviledges, libertees, franchises, and other hereditaments, granted to the Kings majesty by this act, shall be in the furuey, rule, order and gouernance of the Cluncellor and other ministers and officers of the court of the augmentatations of the reuenues of the Kings Crown in like manner, form, fashion, and condition, as the poflellions of the land of the ab bies, Monasteries or Priories suppressed or surrendered be.

XIV And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all and euery such person and persons as be now confreres of the said Hofpitall or Hospitals, and at this present time out of this Realm shall before the feast of Pentecost, which shall be in the yeere of our Lord God one thousand tine hundred sortie and one, returne into the same, and here personally present themselves to the Kings Majesty, or to the Lord Chancellor of England, the Lord Treasurer, the Lord President of the Kings Council, and the Lord priuie Seal, or two of them for the time being at the lead, both knowledging themfelues to be his highneffe true and loyall fubjccis, and declaring themfelues to be content willingly to obferue, keep and maiutaine all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, as to good and true fubiects apperteineth, or else the same confrere or confreres, making default of such his repaire and presentment as is beforefaid, shall in no wise claime and enioy any pension by virtue of this aci, anything in the same conteined notwithstanding, vnleffe the person or persons so making default of repaire and appeaiance, can (hew and declare themfelues to have been deteined, or by a necessary meane impeached and letted of their will, purpose, and desire to have come hither and to have accomplished the whole contents of this Statute accordingly.

Anno tricejtmo tertio Henrici oftaui.

At a Parliament held Amo tricesimo tertio Henrici oelaui, at Westminster the sixteenth of Ianuarie in the yeere aforesaid and there continued vntill the first day of april.i then next following.

CAP. VI

An Act concerning Crosbowes and handgunes.

WHERE in the Parliament held at tvejlminjler, the XV day of Ianuary, in the XXV yeere of the Kings mod gracious reigne, and there continued and kept vntill the XXX day of March then next inluing, among diuerfe and sundry wholesome and laudable Acts, Statutes \ and ordinances, one Statute and ordinance was made and ordained for the auoiding and efehuing, of (hooting in Croffebowes and handguns : since the making of which Act diverse malicious and ( euill disposed persons, not only presuming wilfully and pbftinately the violation and breach of the said Act, but also of their malicious and euill disposed mindes and purposes, have wilfully and shame ‘ fully committed, perpetrated and done diuerfe detestable and fhamefull murders robberies, felonies,

‘ riots and routs with Crosbowes, little short handguns, and little haquebuts, to the great perill and con ‘ tinuall fear and danger of the kings Iouing subjects, and also diuerfe keepers of Forrefts, Chases and ‘ Parkes, afvvell of our laid souere'gne Lord, as other his Nobles and commons, and diuerfe Gentlemen,

‘ Yeomen and Seruingmen now of late have laid apart the good and laudable exercise of the long Bow,

‘ which ahvayes heretofore hath been the surety, fategard and continual] defence of this Realm of England, and an inestimable dread and terror to the enemies of the same. And now of late the said euill ‘ disposed persons have vfed, and yet doe daily vfe to ride and go in the Kings high wayes, and else ‘ where, hauing with them Crolbowes and little handguns ready furnished with quarrels, gunpouder, fire ‘ and touch, to the great peril and fear of the Kings most Iouing fubiedts.' For reformation whereof, be it enacted, ordained and established by the King our Souereigne Lord, the Lords spirituall and tem porall, & the commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, in manner and (orme following : that is to say, That no person or persons, of what estate or degree lie or they be, except he or they iri their own right, or in the right of his or their tviues, to his or their own vfes, or any other to the vfe of any such person or perlbns, have lands, tenements, sees, annuities or offices, to the yeerely value of one hundred pounds from or after the last day of June next comming, shall (hoot in any crolbow, handgun, haquebut, or demy hake, or vfe or keep in his or their houses, or elsewhere, any crolbow, handgun, haquebut, or demy hake, otherwise, or in any other manner then is hereafter in this present act declared, vpon paine to forfeit for euery time that he or they so offend contrary to this act, ten pounds. Sanctuary

II And furthermore be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, that no person or persons, of what estate or degree foeuer he or they be, from or after the said last day of June, shall (hoot in, carry, keep, vfe, or have in his house or elsewhere any hand gun, other then such as shall be in the stocke and Handgun, gun of the length of one whole yard, or any haquebut, or demy hake, other then such as shall be Suebuc in the stocke and gun of the length of three quarters of a yard, vpon paine to forfeit for euery time Foifcit. that he or they dial] carry, vfe or have any such gun, being not of the length of one whole yard, or haquebut, or demy hake, being not of the length or three quarters of a yard X LI sterling. And that it lhalbe lawful] to euery person and persons, which have lands, tenements, sees, annuities or offices to the yeerely value of one hundred pounds, as is aforesaid, to seize and take every such Crofbow', and also euery Seize, hundgun being inftocke, and gun (horter in length then one whole yard, and euery haquebut and demy ^r^ow‘ hake, being (horter in length then three quarters of a yard, or any of them from the keeping or possession un' of euery such offendor contrary to the form of this Act, and the same Croibow or Crosbowes to keep and retaine to his or their own vfe. And also the same handgunes, haquebuts and demy hakes, so seized and taken, within twenty days next after the same seizure or taking, to breake and destroy, vpon paine of XL s. for euery gun so seized & broken & deftroied, & the same so broken Sc deftroied, to keep Sc retaine to his or their own vfe.

III And bee it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, that no person or persons, other then such as p°>mjs have lands, tenements, rents, sees, annuities or offices, to the yeerely value of too. LI as is aforesaid, j^j wayes. from or after the said last day of fuue, shall carry, or have in his or their iourny, going or riding in

the Kings high Wayes, or elsewhere, any Croibow bent, or gun charged or furnished with powder, lire, or touch for the same, except it bee in the time and feruice of war, vpon paine to forfeit for Forfeit euery such offence X LI this present Actor anything therein conteined to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And be it further enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, that no person or persons from the said last day of Line, shall in any wise (hoot in or with any Handgun, Demie hake or Haquebut at anything at large, within any City Borough or market Town, or within one quarter of a mile of any City, Townes. Borough or market Town, except it be at a Butt or Banke of earth in place conuenient, or for the defence

of his person or house, upon pain to forfeit for euery such (hot ten pounds, this present Act or^any r ei ‘ tiling therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V And be it further enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, that no person or persons of what estate or degree foeuer he or they be, shall from or after the said last day of tune, command any of his or their fer Seruants. uants to (hoot in any Croffebow, Handgun, Haquebut, or Demie hake, or his or their said maifters, or of any other persons, at any Deere, Fowle, or other thing, except it be only at a Butt or Banke of earth, or in the time of war, as is abouefaid, vpon pain to forfeit for euery such offence ten pounds. The War. one moitie of all which forfeitures and penalties in this present Act aboue specified, shall be to the King forfeit, our Soueraigne Lord, his heircs and successors, and the other moitie thereof to the party that will sue for the same, by bill, plaint, action of debt or information in any of the Kings Courts of record, in which suit no effoine, protection, nor wager of law shall be allowed.

VI Prouided alwayes, and be it enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, that it shall be lawful from henceforth to all Gentlemen, Yeomen and Seruingmen of euery Lord or Lords spirituall or temporal!, and of Gentlemen, all Knights, Esquires and Gentlemen, and to all the inhabitants of Cities, Boroughs, and market Townes of this Realm of England, to (hoot with any Handgun, Demie hake, or Haquebut at any Butt or Banke Buttes, of earth, only in place conuenient for the same, so that euery such Handgun, Demie hake and Haquebut, be of the feuerall lengths aforesaid, and not vnder. And that it fhalbe lawful! to euery of the said Lord and Lords, Knights, Esquires and Gentlemen, and the inhabitants of euery City, Borough, and market Town, to have and keep in euery of their houses any such Handgun or Handguns of the length of one whole yard, or any Haquebut, or Demie hake of the length of three quarters of a yard, as is aforesaid, and not vnder, to the intent to vfe and (hoot in the same at a Butt or Banke of earth only, as is abouefaid, whereby they and euery of them by the exercise thereof in form abouefaid, may the better aid and assist to the defence of this realm, when need shall require: this present Actor anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it shall bee lawful to e'uery person and persons, which dwelleth and inhabiteth in any house (landing and being fet distant two furlongs from any City, Borough or Town, to keep and have in his said house, for the only defence of the same, handguns, haquebuts, and demy hakes, being of the feuerall lengths aforesaid, and not vnder, and to vfe and exercise to (hoot in the same at any butte or banke of earth neere to his house, and not otherwise: : thing conteined in this Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII And furthermore the Kings mod louing subjects, the Lords spirituall and temporall, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, most humbly doe beseech the Kings Majesty, that it be further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all Letters Patents, Fraternities, and all other placards, Licences, and billes afiigned, heretofore had, made or iigned by his highneffe, or by any other authorised by his highneffe Letters Patents, under his great Seal, to giue Licence and placard to (hoot in Crosbowes and handguns, or any of them, shall be from and after the said last day of Iune, lruftrat, void, and of none effect.

IX And also that it may be further enabled by authority aforesaid, that the said Statute made in the said XXV yeere of the Kings mod gracious reigne, and all other Statutes heretofore made and prouided for the auoiding and rellreint of (hooting in Crosbowes and Handguns, or for any of them, or for the vfing and keeping of the same, be from henceforth vtterly void and of none effect.

. X Prouided alwayes, that euery proceffe, suit or information concerned, commenfed, and now depending, for any offence done contrary to the form of the said Statute, made in the said XXV yeere of the Kings mod Noble reigne, or of any other Statute, made or prouided for and concerning the (hooting in APPEND. T Crosbowes

Licences void.

Repeals

Parkes, C

Crofbow*

makers.

Cunmakers.

Merchants

Proclamation.

Crosbowes and Handguns, not repealed, and for the keeping of the same, shall be as good and effedluall to the parties that hane commenfed the same, and shall Hand and be in such form, effect, degree and condition, as if this Act had neuer been made.

XI Prouided also, that this Act, or any tiling therein conteined, bee not in any wise hurtfull or preiudiciall to any person or persons, now being, or that hereafter shall be appointed by the Kings high neffc, to keep, receiue, or take any Croibowes or Handguns, that shall be forfeited or taken within the precindt or liberty of the Kings Forrefts, Parkes or Chases, but that he or they may lawfully keep and reteine the same Crosbowes or Handgunes from time to time, vntill such time as the further pleasure of the Kings highnefie in that behalfe be to euery such person showed &

XII Prouided also, that this Act extend not to the makers of Crosbowes or Handgunes, but that they may lawfully keep Crosbowes and Handgunes, haquebutes, and demy hakes in their houses, and fiioot in the same, only for prouing and assaying of them at a butte or banke of earth in the place conuenient, and not otherwise: : that the said Handgunes, haquebuts, and demy hakes be of the feuerall lengths in flocke and gun, as is aboue limited.

XIII Prouided also, that this Act nor anything therein conteined, extend not, or be preiudiciall to any Merchants, which have or shall have any Crosbowes, handgunes, haquebuts, and demy hakes or any of them, to sell within this Realm, and to none other vfe : so that the same handgunes, haquebuts, and demy hakes be of the several l lengths in gun and flocke, as is aboue limited, and not vnder.

XIV Prouided also, that no manner of person run in any danger, or take hurt, by reason of any penalty or forfeiture conteined in this Act, vntill such time as Proclamation be made of the same Act, within the County, where the party that shall or may offend contrary to this Act, dwelleth by the space of twenty days next after the making of the said Proclamation.

XV Prouided also, that if any manner of person bring or cause to be brought with him into his lodging, or in, or to any other mans house, any Crofbow or handgun, that then the penalty and forfeiture, if any such be, or hereafter shall be forfeited by reason of this Adito run, and bee only vpon the bringer of the said Crofbow and handgun, and not to the owner of the same lodging or house, it the said owner of the said lodging or house cause the said bringer thereof to take and to carry away the said Crolbow or handgun again with him at his departing : anything in this Act made to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI And be it also enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, that if any person or persons, from or after the last day of 'June next comming, see or find any person or persons offending or doing contrary to the form and effect of this Act, that then it shall bee lawful to euery such person or persons perceiuing, finding or feeing any such person or persons so offending contrary to the form of this Adito Arrest and attach euery such offendor or offendors, and to bring or conuey the same to the next Justice of the Peace of the same County where the said offendor or offendors shall be found so offending. And that the same Justice of Peace, vpon a due examination and proofe thereof before him had or made, by his discretion, shall have full power and authoritie to send or commit the same offendor or offemlors to the next goale, there to remaine till such time as the said penalty or forfeiture shall be truly contented and paid by the said offendor : the one moity of the same penaltie to be paid to the Kings highneffe, and the other moitie thereof to the first bringer or conueyer of the said offendor to the same Justice of Peace.

Placard. XVII And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforefayd, that if any person oyperfons doe at any

time heereafter obtaine, get or purchase of the Kings Maiefly, his Iteires or successors, any placard, licence or Bill afiigned, to (hoot in any Crofbow, Handgun, Haquebut, or demie Hake, contrary to the tenor, purport and effect of this present Act, that then there shall be contained in euery such Placard, licence and Bill afiigned, at what beads, fowles, or other things the said person or persons so obtaining any such Placard, licence or Bill afiigned, shall shoot with any Crofbow, Handgun, Haquebut or demie Hake, or else that euery such Placard, licence and Bill afiigned heereafter to be obtained, gotten or purchased, shall be cieerely void, frustrate and of none effect. And also that euery such person or persons so obtaining any such Placard, licence or Bill afiigned, before they fiioot in any such Crofbow, Handgun, Haquebut, or demie Hake, in any such manner or form as shall be mentioned in any such Bonds.' Placard, licence or Bill afiigned, shall be bound in the Kings Court of Chancerie by recognisance in

the sum of xx.li. to the Kings vfe, with and vpon condition, that he so obtaining or hauing the said licence, Placard or Bill afiigned, shall not shoot in any Crofbow, Handgun, Haquebut, or demie Hake, at any other beasts or fowles, then in any such Placard, licence or Bill afiigned lliall bee contained and specified, and also all such Placards, Licences and Billes afiigned so heereafter to be made to any person or persons, not being so bound by Recognisance in the Court of the Chancerie, as is aforesaid, to be vtterly void and of none effect.

Just, of P. XVIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it fiialbe lawful to all Justices of the Peace in their sessions, and to all Stewards and Bailiffes in their feuerall leets and lawdaies, to inquire, hear and determine euery such offence, after the said last day of June, to be committed and done contrary to the tenor of this present Act: so that al wares no less fine then ten pounds be afieffed vpon euery such presentment and conuidlion made according to the due course of the law, the same fine so by the same Justices of Peace vpon every such presentment and conuidlion made before them in their sef iions, to be paid and leuied only to the Kings use, and the one moitie of euery fine to be afieffed by the stewards or Bailiffes of any leete or Lawday, vpon. euery presentment and conuidlion before them to be made, to be paid and leuied to the vfe of the King our Souereigne Lord. And the other moitie, the one half to the owner of the said leete or Lawday by^diilreffe or action of debt, and the

other

Persons offenders shall be Arretted.

Justice of peace, Imprison.

*3?

APPENDIX.

other half of the same tecond moitie of the same fine, to be to the party that will pursue for the same, in any of the Kings Courts, by bill, plaint, information or action of debt, in the which none ef foine, protection, nor wager of law shall be allowed.

XIX And be it further enacted, that if any Jurie being fworne and charged to inquire for the King our Souereigne Lord, before any Justices of the Peace, or Stewards of leetes or Lawdayes, of any of fences committed or done contrary to this present Act, doe wilfully conceale any of the same offences, that then the said Justices, Stewards or Bailiffes, before whom any concealement shall be had and done, shall hr.ue authoritie by virtue of this present Act, from time to time to charge and fweare an other Concealement, Jury of twelue or more good and substantiall honest persons, to inquire of euery such concealement.

And if any such concealement be found and presented by the said Jury so charged to inquire of the same, that then euery one of the said first Jury that so did conceale the same, shall leese and forfeit for' euery such concealement of euery such offence twenty shillings. All which forfeitures and penalties of twentie Shillings for euery such concealement of euery such offence so sound and presented before the r'orfcit* same Justices of Peace, shall wholy be leuied and paide to the Kings vie. And the moitie of all the same orfeitures and penalties of twenty shillings so sound and presented before the Stewards or Bailiffes of any leet or lawday, shall be leuied and paid to the vfe of the owner of the said leet or lawday by diftreffe or action of debt : and the other moitie thereof to be to the party or parties that will sue for the same by action, information, bill or plaint, in any of the Kings Courts, in the which actions, informations, bils or plaints, no wager of law, effoine, nor protection shall be allowed.

XX Prouided alwayes, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any person or persons hereafter in any part doe offend or doe contrary to the puruiew and remedy of this Act, whereupon cause of action for the same offence shall be giuen to the King, his heires or successors, or to any other person or persons that will sue by virtue of this Act for the punishment of the said offence or forfeitures,., that if the King our Soueraigne Lord, his heires or successors, within one yeere next and immediately after such offences and forfeitures had and made, doe not pursue their action or actions, so giuen by this Adle, or cause examination vpon such defaults and offences to bee had and made before their counfcll, ' or other presentments therof to be had, according to the meaning of the same Act : and euery other person, which hereafter by virtue of this Act, may have action or actions, suit or information vpon tiiis Statute, within half a yeere next and immediately after such offences or forfeits had and made doe not commence their futes, informations, actions or presentments, of and vpon the said forfeits, by action or otherwise, as in this present Act is limited and declared : that then as well the King our Soueraigne Lord, his heires and successors, after one yeere next after such offences and forfeits had and made, if no suit in his or their name be taken, by action or otherwise, as is before expressed, before the same yeere ended and determined, as euery other person after half a yeere next after like offences and forfeits had and done in the form aforesaid, if no suit therupon be taken by none of them, in form aboue declared, be vtterly excluded and debarred of their said futes, actions, informations and examinations to them giuen by virtue of the said Act : and the parties and euery of them so offending, shall be of all such offences and forfeits cleerely. discharged and quit: anything in this Act comprised to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI Prouided alwayes, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that this present Act, nor anything therein contained, shall in any wise extend or be preiudiciaii vnto the Kings fubiedts resident or inhabiting neere vnto the coftes of the Sea, in any part of this Realm, their houses being not aboue

fiue miles distant from the same coaftes: nor also to any of the Kings said fubiedts, inhabiting within Sea coafte3' twelue miles of the borders of Scotland: nor to any of the Kings fubiedts inhabitants of the Townie and Marches of Calls: nor to any of the inhabitants of the illes of jerjie, Garnefie, Anglefe, and the Borders, isles of ivight and Man, but that it shall be lawfuil for euery of the said inhabitants at all times here Calis. after, to have, exercise, and vfe their Handguns, Haquebuts, and Demie hakes, of the lengths aboue said, within the limits and isles abouefaid, so that it be at no manner of Deere, Hearne, Shouelard,

Tezant, Partidge, wild Swan, or wild Elke, or any of them : this present Act or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII Prouided also, that this Act nor anything therein contained, be in any wise hurtfull or preiudiciaii to any feruant or person, that heereafter from the said Raft day of June, shall bend, bear, carrie, Senumt, charge, vfe or affaie, any Croflebow, or any Handgun, Demie hake or Haquebut, of the lengths abouefaid, by the commandement of his Lord or master, so that the said feruant or person doe not shoot at

any Fowlc, Deere, or other Game, of what kind or nature foeuer they be : nor also to any such feruant, person or persons, that shall after the said last day of June, bear or conuey any Croflebow, Handgun, Haquebut, or Demie hake, of the lengths aforesaid, to any place or places by the commandement of his Lord or maifier, that may shoot by authoritie of this Adle, to be amended, repaired, deliuered or affaid, so that the said feruant or other person, so bringing or conueying tyre said Croffcbow, Handgun, Haquebut, or Demie hake, have ready to drew to euery person requiring the sight thereof, one licence in writing sealed or subscribed by his said Lord or master, to carrie and conuey the same Croflebow, Handgun, Haquebut, or Demie hake, to the intent to be amended, repaired, affaid or deliuered, as is aforesaid.

XXIII Prouided alwayes, that this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend to any

owner of any Ship, for hauing or keeping of any Handgun, Haquebut, or Demie hake of the fcuerall Owners of lengths in this Act expressed, or vnder, only to be had and occupied within any their ship or other ftip5' veflell, or for the carriage and recarriage of them, or of any of them on land, or keeping of them, for the only exercise and occupying of them within their said Ship or veflell : anything in this Act to the ctsitrary in any wise notwithstanding.

T 2

J

APPENDIX

Shiriffe.

Shire court.

Coroners.

Sessions.

Proclamation.

Tallages.

Hundred,

CAP. XIII

An Act concerning certeine Lordships translated from the county of Denbigh, to the

county of Flint.

‘ "TXT" HERE in the Parliament held at Westminster in the 32. yeere of die reigne of our foue ‘ VV reigne Lord King Henry the viij. that now is, it was amongst other enacted, that not with

* eight County days in one yeere, and nine County days another yeere, were before that ‘ time held and kept within the county Palatine of Chester before the Iufticer of the same county,

‘ that from that time forward the said Iufticer Should hold and keep but only two Sessions euery yeere ‘ within the same county, the one half wherof to be kept after Michaelmas, and the other after Eajler,

* and that from thenceforth all the said County days Should cleerly cease and determine for euer, as ‘ by the same act at large more plainly appeereth. And forasmuch as within the same County Pala ‘ tine it hath not bin vfed nor seen, that the Shiriffe of the same County hath kept any Shire Court ‘ for determination of Plaints, and calling the exigends, as is commonly vfed in other Shires of this ‘ Realm, there was therefore neuer fithens the making of the said Act, any exigend of fellonie or other ‘ cause proclaimed within the said County, to the no little hindrance of Justice, and to the great : boldneffe of offendors.' For reformation whereof, be it enacted by the King our Souereigne Lord, by the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authorise of the same, that the Shiriffe of the same County for the time being, after the Feast of Eajler next comming, shall be bound to keep his Shire Court in the Shire hall of the said County euery month for euer, for determination of plaints and Addons vnder XL s. and for Proclamations and calling of Exigends and other necessary causes as is vfed in other Shires of this Realm of England, and that two head Coroners for the body of the said Shire fhalbe elected and chosen by virtue of the said writ, De ecronatore eligendo, to be awarded out of the Exchequer of Chester, which Coroners fhalbe bound to sit with the said Shiriffe at the said Courts, to giue judgements vpon Utlawries, and to doe all other things as appertaineth.

II And be it further enacted by the authorise aforefayd, that the said two Sessions in form aforesaid, to be held within the said County, shall and may be held at such time and times, as by the said Jufticer or his Deputy shall be appointed, as well before the said Feasts of Eajler and Michaelmas as any other time, according as is most commonly vfed in other Shires of this Realm, so alwaies open Proclamation be thereof made by the space of XV days at the least, before the first day of the keeping of the same Sessions.

‘ III And where the Lordships, Townes and Hamlets of Hop and ajfaph, have of old time bin ‘ reputed, accepted and taken as part and parcel] of the County of Flint, and so have been continued C vntill now of late that by an Act of Parliament made in the xxvij. yeere of the reigne of our most ‘ dread Souereigne Lord the Kings Majesty that now is, the • same were assigned to the County of ‘ Denbigh. And also where, parcell of the Parish of Hawarden is at this day & of old time hath bin ac ‘ cepted, taken Sc vfed as part of the said County of Flint, Si the residue of the said Parish of ha i warden is and alwaies hath bin without the precinct, limits and iurifdidtion of the same County Be it also enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that as well the said Lordships, Townes, and Hamlets of Hop, ajfaph, and the said whole Parish of Hawarden, together with the Lordship of the same, as also the Lordships, Townes and Parishes of Moldefdale, Mereford and Ofeleie, and all the lands, tenements, and hereditaments within the precindt and limits of the same, or any of them, shall from henceforth be reputed, accepted, taken and adiudged to be within the said County of Flint, as a member, part and parcell of the same County of Flint, and not of or within any other County or Shire, any Statute, ordinance, law, or custom heeretofore had or vfed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV rrouided alwaies, that the inhabitants and tenants of the said Lordships, Townes, Hamlets, and Parishes of Hop, ajfaph, Moldefdale, Mereford and Hawarden, shall pay their misses and tallages, when and as off as the lame shall be due, with the inhabitants of such Shire or Shires as before time hath been accustomed. And that the said Lordships of Hop, Moldefdale, Mereford, Ofeleie, and Hawarden, with the whole and entire Parish or Hawarden, and all the grounds, lands, tenements, and hereditaments within the precindt and limits of the same, shall from henceforth be called, taken and accepted the hundreds of Moldefdale in the County of Flint. And that the said Lordship of ajfaph with all the grounds, lands, tenements and hereditaments within the precindt and limits of the same, shall be taken, accepted and adiudged to be as part and parcell of the hundred of Ruthland in the same County.

Anno

APPENDIX,

141

Anno prtmo Edwardi fexti.

Statutes made in the Parliament begunne at Westminster, the fourth day of November in the first yeere of the Raigne of Edward the fixed, late King of England, C and from thence continued to the 24. day of December then next infuing, that is to say in the first Session of the same Parliament as followeth.

CAP. III

An act for the punishing of Vagabonds, and for the reliefe of the poor and impotent

persons.

‘ XT' Orafmuch as idlenefle and vagabondrie is the mother and roote of all thefts, robberies and all ‘ £ euill actes and other mischiefes, and the multitude of people giuen thereto hath alwayes bene ‘ heere within this realm very great, and more in number (as it may appear) then in other regions, ‘ to tlte great impoueriilnnent of the Realm, and danger of the Kings highnefle fubieets; the which * idlenefle and vagabondry all the Kings highnefle noble progenitours, Kings of this Reahne, and this ‘ high Court of Parliament hath often and with great trauell gone about and afiayed with godly Acts C and Statutes to reprefle j yet vntill this our time it hath not had that fucccfle which hath been wished, ‘ but partly by foolish pitie and mercy of them which fhouidjiaue seen the said godly Laws executed, ‘ partly by the peruerfe nature and long accustomed idlenefle of the persons giuen to loytering, the ‘ said godly Statutes hitherto have had flnall effect, and idle and vagabond perlbns, being vnprofltable ‘ members, or rather enemies of the common wealth, have bene fuffred to remaine and increase, and £ yet so doe,, whom if they should be punished by death, whipping, imprisontnent, and with other cor ‘ porall paine, it were not wdthout their deserts for the example of others, and to the benefite of the ‘ common wealth, yet if they could be brought to be made profitable, and do feruice, it were much ‘ to be vvilhed and desired Be it therefore enacted by the Kings highnefle, with the consent of the Lords spirituall and temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by autho ritie of the same; first that all Statutes and Acts of Parliament heretofore made for the punishment of vagabonds and fturdie beggers, and all articles comprised in the same, shall be from hencefoorth repealed, voyd, and of none effect.

II Secondly, that whofoeuer after the first day of April! next following, man or woman being net lame, impotent, or so aged, or diseased with ficknefle, that hee or she cannot work, nor hauing lands or tenements, sees, annuities, or any other yeerely reuenues, or whereon they may find sufficiently their living, shall either like a fueruing man wanting a master, or like a begger, or after any such other sort be lurking in any house or houles, or loitering, or idle wandering by the high wayes side, or in streetes, cities, townes, or villages, not applying themfelues to some honest and allowed art, science, feruice, or labour, and so doe continue by the space of three days or more together, and not offer themfelues to labour with any that will take them, according to their facultie; and if no man, otherwise will take them, do not offer themfelues to work for meate and drinke, or after they bee so taken to work, for the space agreed betwixt them and their, master, doe Jeaue their work out of conuenient time, or runne away; that then euery such person shall bee taken for a vagabond, and that it flialbe lawful for euery such master offering such idle person feruice and labour, and that being by him refused, or who hath agreed with such idle person, and from whom within the space agreed of feruice, the said loiterer hath runne away, or departed before the end of the couenant between them, and to any other person espying the same, to bring or cause to be brought the said person so living idle and loiteringly, to two of the next Justices of the peace there reliant or abiding, who hearing the proofe of the idle living of the said person by the said space living idle, as before said, approoued to them by two honest witnesses, or confeftion of the party, shall immediately cause the same loiterer to be marked with a hot iron in the breast, the mark of V and adiudge the same person living so idle, to such pre fentour, to bee his flaue, to have and to hold the said llaue vnto him, his executours, or assignes for the space of two yeeres then next following, and to order the said flaues as followeth; that is to say, to take such pcrlon adjudged a llaue with him, and only giuing the said flaue bread and water, or small drinke, and such reffufe of meate as he shall think meete, cause the said flaue to work by beating, cheining, or otherwise, in such work and labour (how vile foeuer it bee) as hee shall put him vnto. And if any manner of flaue, either for loytering, or for the cause before rehearsed so adiudged, shall within the space of the said two yeeres heere appointed runne away, depart, or absent him from his said master by the space of fourteene days together, without licence : it shall not only bee lawful to his said master to pursue and fetch him again by virtue of this Act, but also, to punish such faulte by cheines or beating as is arorefaid : and against the deteinour, if any man dee willingly detcine him, knowing him to be a flaue, as is aforesaid, to have an Action of Trefpafle, and recouer thereby in damages tenne poundes, besides the coftes and charges of the fuite for so detdning his said llaue. And furtr.er, euery such master showing and proouing by two sufficient witnesses, the said offence and fault by his running away before two Justices of Peace of the same County, whereof the one to be of the shiorxm, the same Justices shall cause such Slave, or loiterer to bee marked on the forehead, or the baste

142

APPENDIX.

of the cheeke with an hot iron, with the sign of an S. that he may bee knowne for a loiterer and a run away, and shall adiudge the loyterer and run away to be the said mailers flaue for eucr. And if such (laue shall the second time runne away, or absent himself, if the said mailer shall approoue the same second running away with two sufficient witnesses, before the Judices of Peace, in their general! and quarter Sessions, then euery such faulte and running away to be adiudged felony and such loyterer and runne away to be taken as a felon, and thereof being lawfully indited and attcinted, or othorwife, condemned, to fuller paines of death, as other felons ought to doe.

III Prouided also, and be it enacted by authorise aforesaid, that no Clerk conuidled shall hereafter make his purgation, and vpon such purgation be deliuered, and fet at large, otherwise then is in this Statute hereafter expressed.

IV And be it further enacted by authoritie aforesaid, that euery Clerk conuidl, or hereafter to be conuidled, which (ltould by the order of the Law inioy the benelit of their purgation, shall and may from hencefoorth (hide any man (if hee can) who shall be bounde with two sufficient sureties to the ordinarie, in the sum of .twentie poundes to the Kings highneffe vfe, to reteine the said conuidl as his (laue, and to keep the said person so conuidl for the space of one yeere then next following, that he shall not go abroad, and at larges, and then the said conuidl shall be deliuered to the said person so taking the same, and being bound, as is aforesaid, to be his (laue for one whole yeere then next following by virtue of this Act, in all such manner and form, and to all such intents and purposes, and with all such order, laws, conditions and penalties for running away, or otherwise, as is aforesaid of a vagabond taken loytering, and made a (laue (burning in the 'oread only except) and the Ordinarie by the deliuery of the said conuidl to such person being bound, as is aforesaid, to be of the keeping of the said conuidl cleerely discharged, and exonerated by virtue of this Act.

V And if so be that the said Clerk so conuidl cannot find any man to be bounde, as is aforesaid, to whom he may bee adiudged a (laue in the space of one yeere; then at any time after the endc of one yeere after his conuidlion, it shall bee lawful! for the said Clerk conuidt to make his purgation, as hee might before this Statute, anything in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

‘ VI And when the Clcrkes conuidled, or attainted by the order of the Laws of this Realm, cannot make their purgation, and Ihoulci perpetually by the same remaine in prison Bee it neuerthelefle enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if there bee any manner of person, who will at any time demand the same Clerk conuidled, or atteinted, and be bound to the Ordinarie with two sufficient sureties, as is aboue written, to keep the same as his (laue by the space of hue yeeres then next following, that then the same shall bee adiudged his (laue for like space, with all such orders, laws & penalties, for running away, and other orders, as is before expressed of a vagabond, adiudged to any man for a (laue, rthe burning in the bread only except) and vpon the adiudgement deliuered to such demandant, the Ordinarie from thenfefoorth of the keeping of such Clerk conuidled or atteinted, cleerely exonerated, and discharged by virtue of this Act.

£ VII And forasmuch as diverse women and men go on begging waifaring, of the which some bee i impotent and lame, and some able enough to labour, which doe carrie children about with them, ‘ some foure or due yeeres of age, or yonger or elder, which brought vp in idleneffe might be so rooted * in it, that hardly they may be brought after to good thrift and labour: or if any child aboue the age 1 of due yeeres, and vnder the age of fourteene yeeres go idle and wandering about as a vagabond Be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any manner of person will take any such childe, be it male or female, of, and from any such begger being the mother thereof, nourilher, or keeper, whether they bee willing or not, or without any such nurse, mother or keeper by himself wandering, and bring the said child so taken away before one of the Condables of the parish, 'and two other honed and dif creete neighbours witnesses, and before any Judice of Peace there reliant and abiding, and promise to Bring the same child vp in some honed labour or occupation, till hee or dice come to the age of twentie yeeres the woman childe, or foure and twentie the man childe : that then and immcdiatly the said Judice of perce and Condable diall adiudge by virtue of this Act, the said child vnto the ages before fpecided, to be feruants or apprentices to the said persons so taking Sc promising to be vfed and ordered in all points according as the Law and cudome of this Realm is of feruants and apprentices, to what labour, occupation, or feruice foeuer the said Mader shall appoint him, or her, during the said time. And if it shall fortune such childe so adiudged to runne away, at any time once, or moe times, from his or her Mader, or Maders, that then it shall be lawful! for euery such mader to take the said child again, and to keep and punish the said childe in chaincs or otherwise, and vfe him or her as his (laue in all points for the time before rehearsed, of the age of such childe, that is to say, till twentie the woman child, and the man child foure and twentie.

VIII Prouided ahvayes, that any Mader, either of the men, or of the women so adiudged (laues, or of the children adiudged apprentices or feruants, may let, fet foortli, fell, bequeath, or giue the feruice and labour of fuel: flaues or feruants so adiudged, as is aforesaid, to any person or persons, to whomfo euer he will, vpon fuclt condition, and for such time of yeeres, as the said persons bee adiudged to him for (laues, ieruants, or apprentices, after suchlike sort and manner, as he may doe of any other his rnooueable goods or chattels; and they for the said space and time to be bound to all points and con ltrudlions to such Lessee, dcr.ee, vendee, or ajjignee, as they were to their drd apprehenders and maders, by virtue of this Aii.

IX Prouided ahvayes, and bee it enacted by authoritie aforfaid, that if any such (laue or (laues, or children so adiudged, shall at any time after fnch adiudgement, maime or wounde their Maders or mistresses, in redding their correction or otherwise, or when they bee manumitted or fet again free, or in

the

j43

APPENDIX.

the time of their feruice, shall conspire with any other, or by themfelues go about to murder and kill, or to maime, wounde, or beat the said Matter or Miftreffe, or any that was their Master or Miftreffe, or to burn their houses, barnes, or come, so that their intent come to an Act tending to the effect: that then euery such maime or wounde, or the going about to murder, kill, maime, wounde, or beat such person or persons, as bee, or were their Mainer or Mistresses, or to burn their houses, barnes, or come, so that their intent doe come to any Act tending to the same effect, as lying in waite with weapon, or any suchlike, shall bee accounted felony, and they shall suffer therefore paines of death, as in case of felony, except that any such person or persons, as bee, or had been Maher or Miftreffe to any of them, or he refuting any other, will take such person so offending to their haues, & then he or fire so offending, to be adiudged to the person so willing to take him or her so offending flaue for euer, and thereupon to be discharged of the felony. The same law and order to bee had in all conditions if it fhculd chaunce the father, mother, nurse, or other the bearer about of the childe, or any other person or persons, to heale away such childe adiudged apprentice or feruant, that is, to be flaue to such apprentices or feruants'master, whose apprentice or feruant was so hollen or Lntifed away, for euer, and the master neuertheleffe to take and receiue his apprentice or feruant again, as if the said taking away had ncuer been done.

X Bee it also enabled by authorise aforefayde, that although there bee no man which shall demaund such loiterer or loiterers, as before exprelfed, into their feruice; yet neuertheleffe the Justice of Peace in that City, Borough, t own, or Hundred dwelling, if any such be, or else any other Justice of Peace of the same Shire, and also there dwelling by his or their office, shall bee heereafter bound by virtue of this Act, not only to inquire of all such idle persons, but also if they doe espy any such vacabonds or idle persons, or if any such bee detected, vnto them, to examine him or her of the time of their vaga bondrie; and if it shall appear to any Justice of Peace, any such man or woman to have been a vagarant and vagabond or idle person, by the space as is aforefayde, to cause the same to bee marked on the breast with an V made with an hot iron, and also to learne and inquire of him the Town, City or Village wherein he was born, and then shall immediately giue a writing in parchment, sealed with his seal to the fayde loiterer, of the tenor and form which here infueth :

C A. B. Justice of Peace in the County of 5. to the Maior or chief officer of the City of (if it

* be a City), or to the Headborough, Bailife, or Constable, or head officer of the town of Jjh (if it be

* a town) or to the Constable or Tithingman of the village of C (if it be a village) greeting. Accord

* to a most godly Statute, made in the first year of the reigne of our fouereign Lord King Edward

* the fixed, tsy. We have taken this bearer I. K. vagarantlv, and to the euill example of others, without

* master, feruice, or labour, whereby to get his living, going loitering idlely about. And because the

* same faith, hee was in C in the County of S. whereof you are the head officer or Constable: :

* have sent him to you to be ordered, according to the purport and effect of the same Statute

XI And with this writing shall deliuer the same loiterer to the Constables, or other head officer of the fayde City, Town or Village, wherein such loiterer was taken, to bee safely conueied by them to the next Constable, and so from Constable to Constables, and other head officers, till he or she be brought to the place, the which hee or she hath named themfelues to bee born in, and then to be de liuered to the head officer or Constable of that same city, borough or town, village, hamlet or parish, there to bee nourished and kept of the same city, town, or village in chaines, or otherwise, either at the common works, in amending high wares, or other common work, or from man to man in order, till they which may bear bee equally charged, to bee ftaue to the corporation of the city, or to the inhabitants of the town or village, that hee or (hee were born in, after all such form, condition, space of yeeres, orders, punishments for running away, and all others, as are expressed of a common or pri uate person, to whom any such loiterer is adiudged a flaue. And the fayde city, town, or village shall see the said flaue being able to labour, seton work, and not hue idlie within the said precincts, vpon pain for euerie such default that the said flaue doth liue idlie, by the default of the city, borough, town, or village, by the space of three working days together, the city to forfeit flue pounds: a borough or town incorporate tortie Shillings: : other town or village twentie drillings : whereof the one half to the King our Souereigne Lord, the other to him that will sue for the same, in any of the Kings Courts of Record, by bill, information, or action of debt, in such fuites no effoine, wager of law, or protection fhalbe allowed.

XII Prouided and be it enabled, that the city, town, and borough corporate, by the consent of

the more part of the corporation, and the town and village not corporate, by the consent of the more ' part of the inhabitants thereof, may fet, sell or giue away, the right, title, and interest of the said flaue, to any other personas any other common or priuate person may doe with his flaue, by the virtue of this Act. ' _ _

XIII Prouided alwaies and be it enacted, that if it fortune when the said vagabond is brought to the said city, town, or village, where the said person said he was born, to appear and be manifeli that he or she was not there born; that then for such lie, the said vagarant shall bee marked in the face with an S. and bee flaue to the inhabitaunts, or corporation of the city, town, or village, where the said vagarant said he was born in, for euer, vpon such conditions and orders, in all points as of a flaue marked in the face is before expressed: : same law and order'in all points to bee had of all vagarant persons and vagabonds, being born in any other nation or countrie then in this Realm, as is before expressed of English idle persons (marking in the breast or face only excepted) that is to bee had to the next Port, and there to bee kept of the inhabitants of the fayde next Port in conuenient

8 labour.

Testimonial a Vagabond.

144

APPENDIX.

labour, and from idlencffe or otherwise, till they may bee conueyed ouer; and then at the coftsofthe inhabitaunts of the said Port, to bee conueyed ouer into their countries.

‘ XIV And forasmuch as there is many maimed and otherwise lamed, fore, aged, and impotent ‘ persons, which resort to the City of London, and to other cities, towries, and villages, on begging, ‘ which comming together and making a number, doe fill the streets or. highwaies of diverse cities,

* townes, markets and faires; who, if they were separated might easily bee nouriffied in the town 4 and places wherein they were born, or where they were, or have been most conuerfant and abiding,

* by the space of three yeeres.' Be it therefore enacted by the authoritie aforefaide, that all and singular Maiors, Shirifs, Bailifs, Constables, or other head officers of any city, town, or hundred, to which such resort is or shall be, shall before the feast of the Purification of our Lady next following, see all such idle, impotent, maimed, and aged persons, who otherwise cannot by their diferetions bee taken for vagabonds, which were born within the said city, town, or hundred, or have been there most conuerfant and abiding, by the space of three yeeres, as is aforefayde, and now decayed, bellowed and prouided for of tenantries, cotages, or other conuenient houses to bee lodged in, at the costs and charges of the fayde cities, townes, boroughs, and villages, there to be relicued and cured by the deuotion of the good people of the fayde city, borough, town, or village. And that they doe not suffer after the time before rehearsed, any other then such as either were born, or have been for the most part con uerfant or abiding, by the space aforefaide, in the said city, borough, village, or town, to remaine and beg abroad within the precindls of such cities, townes, villages, or hundreds, vpon pain that euerie such Maiors, Shiriffes and Bailiffes, Constable, or other officer, by what name foeuer hee bee called, buffering any persons to beg within the precindl of his or their such iurifdidfion, other then is before rehearsed, for euery three days shall forfeit ten Shillings to whomfoeuer will sue therefore, by bill, information, or aefion of debt, in any court of record, in which fuites no effoine, wager of law nor protection ihalbe allowed.

XV And for the .better performance hereof, bee it ena<5ted by the authority aforefayde, that the Maior of the City of London, and all other Maiors, Bailifs, .Shirifs, Constables, and other head officers of euerie City, and Town corporate, doe with all conuenient speed by themfelues, or by their sufficient deputies by them appointed, before the feast of the Purification next comming; and so from time to time, euery month once, make a view and examination of aged, impotent, and lame persons and beg gers, as be within the precindt of their iurifdidtion, and see all such as were not born, nor hath been for the most part conuerfant and abiding there by the space of three yeeres complete, conueied on horfebacke, cart, or chariot, or otherwise, as shall feemc by their diferetions to the next Constables & to conuey the same to the next Constables, and so from Constables to Constables, till the said persons be brought to the place where they were born or most conuerfant and abiding, as is aforesaid, there to bee prouided for, kept, and nourished of alines, as is aforesaid, vpon the pain that euery such Maior, Shiriffe, or Constable, Headborough, or Head officer, not making view, nor sending or con ueying away, not receiuing or not prouiding, as is before appointed, according to the true purport or meaning of this act, to forfeit for euery such default LX shillings, whereof the one half to be to the Kings vfe, the other to the party that will sue therefore in any of the Kings courts of Record, by bill, information, or addon of debts, in the which fuites no effoine, wager of law, nor proteddon fhalbe allowed.

XVI Prouided alwaies, that if any of the said aged, maimed, or impotent persons of the Cities, Townes, or Villages where they were born in, or had their most abiding, as is aforesaid, bee not so lame or impotent, but that they may work in some manner of work, that then such City, Town, Parish, or Village, doe eyther in common prouide some such work for them as they might bee occupied in, or appoint them to such as will find them work for meat and drinke. And if they refuse of wilfulneffe and ftubborneneffe to work, or doe runne away and beg in other places, then to punish the same according to their diferetions, with chaining, beating, or otherwise, as shall seem to them conuenient. And for the more furtherance of the reliefe of such as are in vnfained misery, and to whom charity ougiit to be extended : Bee it enabled by authoritie aforefayde, that euerie Sunday and Holiday after the reading of the Gofpell of the day, the Curate of euerie Pari sir. doe make (according to such talent as.god hath given him) a godly and briefe exhortation to his Parifttoners, mouing and exciting them to remember the poor people, and the dude of Christian charity, in rdieuing of them which be their brethren in Christ, born in the same Parish, and needing their help.

XVII Prouided alwaies, that if it shall chance any such adjudged apprentice, servant, or (hue, as is before tehearfed, to have inheritance defeended vnto him or hir, or any other wares by the Laws of this Realm, Ward, or Bondman, or Neife of bloud, by, or from any of his aunceftors, to any person or persons, that then it fhalbe lawful to any such person or persons, to whom any such Ward, Bondman, or Neife shall apperteine, to take and seise such Wards, Bondmen, or Neifes, and them to returne and keep as their Wards, Bondmen, or Neifes. And the said Wards, Bondmen, and Neifes (halbe discharged of the said ftauery or other feruitude or bondage aboue rehearsed: : statute or anything therein conteined to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII And also be it enabled, that if any such feruant, apprentice, fiaue, or fiaues, .which shall have at any time hccrcafter any aduancement or living, accrue, come, or growe vnto him, or any of them, whereby hee or they may have a conuenient living, that then and from .thenceforth hee or they so being aduanced, to bee discharged of their (lauerie, feruitude and bondage : this Actor anything therein conteined to the ccntrarie in any wile notwithstanding. And if any woman being a feruant apprentice, or

8 ftaue.

145

APPENDIX.

flaue, as is aforefayde, being married within the age of twenty yeres without aftent of her mailer, vnlil flte shall accomplish and come to the said age of twenty yeres, only excepted.

- XIX Be it also enabled, That all leprous and poor bedred creatures whatfoeuer they bee, may at their own libertie remaine and continue in such houses appointed for leprous or bedred people, as they now be in, and shall not be compelled to repaire into any other countries or places by virtue of this Abl: anything therein conteined to the contrary notwithllanding. And that also it Shall bee lawful! vnto the fayde leprous and bedred people, for their better reliefes, to appoint their probtor or probtors, so there be not appointed aboue the number of two persons, for any one house of leprous, bedred people, to gather the charitable almes of all such inhabitants as lhalbe within the compalfe of foure miles, of any of the said houses of leprous and bedred persons.

XX And bee it ordeined and enabled by the authoritie abouefaide, That it shall bee lawful! to euerie person, to whom any person in form abouelaid, shall bee adiudged a flaue, to put a ring of iron about his necke, arm, or his leg, for a more knowledge and sureties of the keeping of him. And that if any person or persons doe take, or help to take any such bond of iron from any such flaue, that then euerie person so doing, without licence or assent of his mafler, shall forfeit for euery such default ten pounds fieri ing.

XXI Bee it further enabled, That this present Abl shall before the first day of March next comming, bee openly proclaimed in eueiie City, corporate Town, and market Town, vpon the market day : and also from thenceforth shall yeerely bee read in euerie Shire openly, in two geuerall quarter Sessions of Peace, that is to say, at the general quarter Sessions next after Midsummer, and the general quarter Sessions next after Chrijlmajfe, to the intent that euerie person may have knowledge thereof, and that this Abl shall endure vnto the end of the next Parliament.

XXII Prouided alwaies and bee it enabled. That it shall bee lawful! to the Lord Chaunceller of eng land, or to the Lord Keeper of the great Seal for the time being, at their diferetions to grant commission vnder the great Seal of England, to euerie or any person or persons, that hath or shall have his or their houses or barnes burnt, or such Ioffe's, to gather the reliefe and charity of others for their ayde and * help of his or their Losses, decay, or hindrance, as in time past hath been vfed : anything conteined in this Abl notwithstanding.

Anno tertio & quarto Edwardi fexti.

ACTS made in the Session of Parliament held vpon Prorogation at Westminster, on the fourth day of November, in the third yeere of the reigne of our late Soueraigne Lord Edward the fixed late King of England, and there continued and kept vntill the first day of February in the fourth yeere of the reigne of the said King, as folioweth.

CAP. XVI

An Act touching the punishment of Vagabonds and other idle Persons.

4 "1 ' ORASMUCH as it is notoriously seen and knowen, that Vagabonds and Beggers doe daily ‘ increase within this the Kings highneffe Realm into very great numbers, chiefely by occasion

‘ A of idlenes, mother and root of all vices, whereby doe infue continuall thefts, murders, confpi ‘ racies, and other sundry heinous offences, and partly for that the good and wdiolefome laws and 4 Statutes of this Realm, hath not been put in due execution, and partly also, by reason of themul ‘ titude of the same (the extreamitie of some whereof have been occasion that they have not been 4 put in vre) therefore, and for diverse good considerations it is enabled by the King our Souereigne ‘ Lord, with the assent of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the commons in this present Parlia 4 ment assembled, and by the authoritie of the famethat the Statute made in the first yeere of the Repealca Kings highnes moll noble reigne concerning idle persons and Vacabonds in certain cases, to be made flaues and so foorth, and all and euery Article, matter, prouifo, branch, and sentence therein contained, shall be from hencefoorth vtterly repealed, made frustrate, voide, and of none eftebl.

II And that the Statute concerning how aged impotent persons should be ordered for their better reliefe, and how Vacabonds and strong Beggers should be punished, made in the XXII yeere of the late Confirmation King of most famous memory King Henrie the eight, and euery matter, Article, prouifo, branch, and sentence therein contained, to be from hencefoorth reuiued, made good, and (land in full strength r and virtue, and shall continue and remaine a perfebl Abl of Parliament for euer.

III And be it therefore enabled by the authoritie aforefayd, That all Justices of peace, and euery of them within the limits of their commission, and the Maiors, Shiriffes, bailiffes, and other officers within their feuerall rules and offices, shall within their feuerall limits assemble together and make their ie ueral diuifion, according to the purport and effect of this Abl, at the next general! quarter Sessions of the peace to be held after the feast of Eajler next to come, for the due, speedy and diligent execution ef the same Abl. And that if any such aged or impotent person after the feall of Easter next to come. APPEND. U shall

146

APPENDIX.

shall offend contrary to this Statute, that then the said offendor shall be vfed and punished, as in the same Statute of the two and twentieth yeere of King Heniue the eight is provided. And that before the feast of Eajlcr no punishment shall be put in execution against any such impotent, lame, and aged person, but only by the discretion of the next Justice of peace of the same Shire where such an offendor shall be apprehended, anything in the said at to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And for the auoiding of the idle loitering of common labourers of husbandry within this Realm: be it enacted by the autboritie aforefayd, That such common labourers, being persons able in body, vfing loitering, and refusing to werke for such reasonable wages as is mod commonly given in the parts where such persons shall dwell, shall bee for cuery such time as he or they refuse to labour, hauing reasonable wages, as is aforefayd, adiudged Vacations, and shall be punished as strong and mighty Va calionds, in such manner and form as is declared in the said Act of two and twentith against. vaca bonds. And touching maimed, lamed and fore, aged and impotent persons, which reforte to the City of London, and to other Cities, Townes and villages on begging: Bee it enacted by the authoritie aforefayd. That all and singular Maiors, Shiriffes, Bailiffes, Conltables, or other head "officers of any City, Town or village,, to which such resort is, or shall be, shall before the feast of the Purification of our Lady next following, see all such idle, impotent, maimed, and aged persons who otherwise cannot by their.difere. tions be taken for vacabonds, which were born within the said City, Town or village, or have been there most conuerfand abiding by the space of three yeeres, and now decaied, bestowed and prouided for, of the Tenantries, Cottages, or other conuenient houses to be lodged in, at the costs and charges of the said Cities, Townes, Boroughs, and villages, there to be relieued, and cured by the de uotion of good people of the said City, Borough, Town or village, and that they doe not suffer after the time before rchearfed, any other then such as either were born, or hath been for the most part con uerfant, or abiding by the space of three yeeres, as is aforefayd in the said. Borough, Town, or Village, to remaine and beg abroad within tyre precincts of such Cities, Townes, Villages, or Boroughs. Except it be such as have letters, or are authorlfed or Ucenfed by force of this Act : Upon paine that euery such Maiors, Shiriffes, and Bailiffes, Constable, or other head officer, by what name foeuer he be called, suffering any person to beg within the precindt of his or their such iurifdiction, other then is before rehearsed, for euery three days shall forfeit ten shillings, to whom foeuer will sue therefore, by bill, information, or Action of debt, in any Court of record, in the which futes, no Effoine, northeast wager of law, or protection shall be allowed for the defendant.

V And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforefayd. That the Maior of the City of London, and. all other Maiors, Bailiffes, Shiriffes, Constables, and other head officers of euery City, Borough, or Town corporate, and of euery other Town and Village, doe with all conuenient fpeede by them felues or their sufficient deputies, before the feast of the Purification of our Lady next comming, and so from time to time euery month once, make a view and examination of aged, impotent, and lame persons, beggers, as be within the precindt of their iurifdidtions, and see all such as were not born nor have been for the most part conuerfant and abiding by the space of three yeeres complete, or have not letters, and authorised or licensed by the force of this Statute, conueied on horseback, Cart, or otherwise, as shall seem by their diferetions, to the next Constables, and they to conueie the same to the next Constables, and so from Constable to Constable, till the said persons be brought to the place where they were born, or most conuerfant and abiding, as is aforefayd, there to be prouided for, kept and nourished of Aimes, as is aforesaid, vpon the paine that euery such Maior, Sbiriffe or Constable, beadborough, or other head officers, not making view, nor sending or conueying away, nor receiuing or not prouiding, as is before appointed/according to the true purport or meaning of this Act, to forfeit for euery such default ten Shillings, whereof the one half shall be to the Kings vfe, the other to the party that will sue therefore in any of the Kings Courts of record, by bill, information, Action of debt, in the which futes, no Effoine, wager of law, or Protection shall be allowed for the defendant.

VI Prouided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforefayd. That if any of the said aged, maimed, or impotent persons, of the Cities, Townes, or villages where they were born in, or had their most abiding, as is aforefayd, be not so lame or impotent, but that they may work in some manner of work: that then such City, Town, Parish, or Village, doe either in common prouide some such work for them, as they may be occupied in, or appoint them to such as will find them work for meate and drinke. And if they refuse of wilfulneffe and ftubbornneffe to work, or doe runne away and beg in other places, then to punifia the same according to their diferetions, with flocking, beating, or otherwise as shall seem conuenient.

VII Be it also enacted by the authority aforefayd. That all leproufe and poor bedred creatures, whatfoeuer they be, may at their own liberty remaine and continue in such houses as are appointed for leproufe or bedred people, as they now be in, and shall not be compelled to repaire into any other Countries or places by virtue of this Act, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And that also it shall be lawful unto the said leproufe and bedred people, for their better reliefe to appoint their proctor or proctors, so there be not appointed aboue the number of two persons, for any one house of leprofie or bedred people, to gather the charitable almes of all such inhabitants, as shall be within the compaffe of foure miles of any of the said houses of leproufe and bedred people.

VIII Prouided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforefayd. That it shall be lawful] to the Lord Chancellor of England, or Lord Keeper of the great seal for the time being, at their diferetions to grant commission vnder the great seal of England, to euery or any person or persons, that hath, or shall have his or their houses or barns burnt, or such Losses, or to such as be or shall be leproufe persons, to gather the reliefe and charity of others for their reliefe, or for their aide, and help of his or

8 their

APPENDIX.

their Losses, decay, or hindrance, as intime pall hath been vfcd, anything in this Act notwithstanding..

And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all and euery Statute and Act of Parliament made for punishment of vacabonds, ilaues, aged and impotent persons, or any of them, and euery Article, sentence, clause or provilo, therein contained, other then this present Act and Statute made, and the said Act made in the said two and twentith yeere, shall be from henceforth vtterly void, repealed, and of no effect or force. '

C XI And forasmuch' as diverse men and women going on begging, impotent and lame, and some able ‘ inough to labour, doe carry children about with them of tender age, and some of foure, flue or fixe ‘ yeeres of age, or yonger, or elder, which being once brought vp in idleneffc, will hardly be brought af 4 ter to any good kind of labour, paine, trauell or feruicebe it enacted by the authoritie aforefayd. That if any child aboue the age of hue yeeres, and vnder the age of fourteenc, go about wandering, as is aforefayd, or else alone, in case any manner person that is able to keep any such child, will take it, be it male or female, of and from any such begger being the father or mother thereof, nourilher or keeper, whether they be willing or not, or without any such Nurffe, father, mother or keeper, by him or herself wandering, and bring such child so taken, before one of the Constables of the Parish, where the child shall so fortune to be taken vp, and at the next general quarter Scffions to be held in the Shire next to the plaee where the said taking vp shall fortune to be, present the same in the presence of the said Constable, before the Justices of peace at the same Sessions, and there in open Scffions promise to bring the same child vp in some honest labour or occupation till the woman childe come to the age of fifteene yeeres and the man child to the age of eighteene yeeres, if the Maifier or Miftreffe shall chance so long to liue, .that then and immediately the said Justices of peace by their discretion shall adjudge by virtue of this Act, the said child vnto the ages before specified, to be feruant or feruants to the said person or persons, so taking and promising,, is aforefayd, such child to be vfed and ordered, in all points according as the law and custom of the Realm is of feruants without wages, ro what labour, occupation, or feruicc foeuer the said taker vp, or Master or Miftreffe sit all appoint him or her, during the said tearme, and the said iudgement shall be entered by the Clearke of the peace in the said Sessions in form following:

4 "T T EMORANDUM, That at the Sessions of the peace held at W. the day cone I. B. of 4 VI the Town of L had deliuered to him, according to the form of the Statute in that case pro; uided B. T. esteemed to be of the age'of feauen or eight yeeres, to be ordered according to the form 4 of the said Statute

XI And if it shall fortune such child so adiudged to runne away at any time, once, or more times, from his, or her Master or Miftreffe, that then it shall be lawful for euery such Master or Miftreffe, to take the said child again, and to keep and punish the said child in the iloekes, or otherwise by discretion, or otherwise at the liberty of such Master or Miftreffe, to have a warrant from any Justice of peace in the same Shire where the child so runnes away, for iueh child running away, or going away, as is prouided by the Statute of labourers, for such feruants as depart away from their Master or Miftreffe, without a reasonable cause before the end of their tearme.

XII And that euery Justice of peace Shall by force of this Act have authoritie and power, to make such warrant against euery such person so going, and running away, in like form as they or any of them may doe against any feruant departing out of his Maifters feruice without licence, or reasonable cause, and by force of the same warrant, the child so running or going away, to be taken and ordered in euery degree, as is prouided by the said Statute of labourcis for feruants departing out of their Master or Miftreffe feruice, as is aforefayd.

XIII And be it further enacted by the authoritie aforefayd. That if, and as often as it shall chance the father, mother, nurffe, or other bearer about of the child, or any other, person or persons, to fteale, or intife away any such child, adiudged for a feruant, as is aforefayd, that then, and so often it Shall be lawful for the master, or miftreffe of the same child to be at his or their liberty, to take an Action vpon the Statute of labourers against euery such person so dealing, or intifing away such child as he, or they might have, by reason of the said Statute for labourers, against him, or them that retaines any mans feruant out of his feruice, before the end of the said tearme, or else to take an Action of Trefpafle against such offendor, in which Action hee Shall reeouer his dammages, and treble coftes of his suit.

XIV Prouided alwaies, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforefayd. That if the Master, or Miftreffe, to whom such child as is aforefayd shall be adiudged to be feruant, be vnreafonable in ordering, and bringing vp of such child, that then at all times vpon complaint made at the general quarter Sessions of peace, in the County where the said child shall be by two honest neighbours of the same plaee, or Town where the said child final] fortune to be so vnreafonably ordered, if it shall appear by honest witneffe to the Justices of peace at the same Sessions that the complaint thereof made final] be true, then the Justices of peace at their general] Sessions in the same Shire, where such complaint shall be made, shall by virtue of this Act have authoritie and power to discharge the said child from his or their vnrea -- fonable master, or miftreffe, and appoint the lame to some other honest master, or miftreffe, vnto the said ages, to be ordered in euery degree as the said child should have been with his former master or miftreffe, and that order, and appointment to be written in the Book of the Clearke of the peace, for he which entry the said Clearke of the peace shall liaue foure pence for his labour, and not aboue, and in like manner shall have foure pence and not aboue, for the firlf entry of the child to be feruant, as is aforefayd, to be payd by the master, or miftrefte of the said child.

XV Prouided

148

APPENDIX.

XV Prouided alwaies, and be it enabled by the authorise aforefayd. That if the woman child to be

appointed a feruant, as is aforefayd, be married afore her age of r j. yeeres, that then by that marriage, fne shall be discharged of feriuce. This Act or anything therein contained to the comrade not with landing. _.

Prouided alwaies, and be it enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, That all, and cuery vacabond, or begger, being born in any other nation, or Countrie then within this Realm, shall in manner, and form aforefayd, and vpon the forfeitures, and penalties before mentioned, bee conueyed from place to place, or to the place, or marches next adioyning, to his or their natiue countrie, or to the next Port, if there be a sea between this Realm, and his or their said countries, there to be kept of the inhabitants of the said next Port, in conuenient labour from idlcncffe, or otherwise till they may be conueyed oner, and then at the costs of the inhabitants of the said Port, if themfelues shall not have wherewith, to be conueyed ouer into their natiue countries.

Anno Marine primo, sc/jio Secunda.

AN Act made in the second Session of the Parliament held at Wejtminjler, vpon prorogation the 24. day of Oblober, in the first yeere of the reigne of Queen Mary, late Queen of England, C And there continued and kept to the difiolution of the same, being the fixed day of December, then next ensuing, as followeth.

CAP. I.

An a<51 declaring the Queenes highnefie to have bene born in a mod iuft and lawful matri monie, and alio repealing all Acts of Parliament, and sentences of Diuorfe had and made to the contrary.

4 OR ASMUCH as Trueth (being of her own nature of a most excellent virtue, efficacie, force 4 and working) cannot but by procefie of time breake out and lhew herself, hofoeuer for a while

‘ JL (he may by the iniquity and frailty of man be suppressed and kept close: and being reuealed * and manifeded, ought to be imbraced, acknowledged, confessed and professed in all cases and matters ‘ whatfoeuer, and whomsoever they touch or concerne, without respect of persons, but in such cases 4 and matters specially, as whereby the glory and honour of God in heauen (who is the author of trueth 4 it Rise) is to be specially set forth, and whereby also the honour, dignity, surety and preferuation of 4 the Prince, and ruler vnder God in earth dependeth, and the welfare, profit and fpeciall benefit of the 4 vniuerfall people, and body of a Realm is to be continued and mainteined.

4 II We your highnefie moftlouing, faithful and obedient Subiedls, vnderftanding the very trueth of 4 the (late of Matrimonie between the two most excellent princes of mod worthy memory King Henry 4 the eight and Queen Katherine, his louing godly and lawful] wise, your highnefie lawful! father 4 and mother, cannot but think our self mod bounden, both by our duetie of allegiance to your Ma 4 iedie, and of conscience towards God, to (hew vnto your highnefie fird how that the same Matrimonie 4 being contracted, solemnised and consummated, by the agreement and assent of both their most noble 4 parents, by the counfell and aduife of the mod wife and graued men of both their Realmes, by the deli 4 berate and mature consideration and consent of the bed and mod notable men in learning in those 4 days of Chrifiendome, did euen so continue by the space of twentie yeeres and more between them, 4 to the pleasure of Almighty God, and satisfaction of the world, the ioy and comfort of all the Sub 4 ie&s of this Realm, and to their own repose and good contentment, God giuing for a sure token and 4 tedimonie of his good acceptation of the same, not only godly fruit, your highnefie most noble per 4 son (whom we beseech the Almighty and euerliuing God, long to prosper and preferue here amongd 4 vs) and other issue also, whom it hath pleased God to take out of this tranfitorie life, vnto his eternal] 4 glory, but also sending vs a happy flouridling and mod prosperous common wealth in all things: and 4 then afterward, how that the malitious and peruerfe affections of same (a very few persons) enuying 4 the great felicitie, wherein by the goodnefle of God your said most noble father and mother, and all 4 their good Subiedls hued and continued in many yeres, did for their own Angular glory, and vain 4- reputation conceiue sundry subtle and diiloyall practises, for the interruption and breach of the said 4 mod lawful] and godly concord. And trauelling to put the same in vre, deuifed lirlt to infinuat a 4 scruple into the King your fathers conscience, of an vnlawfull marriage between him and his mod 4 lawtull wife the Queen, your highnefie mother, pretending for the ground thereof, that the same 4 was againd the word of God, and thereupon ceased not to persuade continually vnto the said King 4 your father, that he could not without danger of the lofic of his soul, continue with his said moil 4 lawful wife, but mud be separated and diuorfetl from her. And to this intent caused the feales, as 4 well of certain Universities in Italy and France, to begotten (as it were for a tedimony) by the cor 4 ruption with money of a few light persons, lcolers of the same Universities, as also the feales of the * Universities of this Realm to bee obteined by great trauell, (underworking, secret threatenings, and

4 intreatings

149

A P P E N D I X

* intreatirtgs of some men of authoritie, specially sent at that time thither for the same purposes, and

* how that finally Thomas Cranmer then newly made Archbishop of Canterburie, mod vngodly and ‘ against all Laws, equitie and conscience, prosecuting the said wicked deuife of diuorfe, and reparation

* of the said King your father, and Queen your mother, called before him ex officio, the hearing of

* the said matter of marriage, and taking his foundation partly vpcn his own, .vnaduifed iudgment of the ' Scripture, ioyning therewith the pretended testimonies of the said Universities, and partly vpon bare ‘ and moult vntrue coniedtures, gathered and admitted by him vpon matters of.no strength oreffedl, but

* only by supposal, apd. without admitting or hearing arty, thing, that could be said by the Queen your ‘ mother, or by any other on her behalfe, in the absence of the said late Queen your mother, pro ‘ ceeded, pronounced, discerned, declared and gaue sentence the same mod lawful and vndoubted ma t trimonie to bee nought, and to be contracted against Gods Law, and of no value, but lacking the

* strength of the Law. And the.said most noble King your father, and the said noble Queen your mo ‘ there so maried together, did feparat and diuorfe, and the same your most noble father King. Henry ‘ the eight, and the said noble Queen .your mother, from the bands of the same most lawful matri ‘ monie, did pronounce and declare by the same his vnlawfull sentence, to be free discharged and fet at ‘ libertie. Which sentence and iudgement so giuen by vnlawfull and corrupt means and wayes, by ‘ the said Archbishop of Canturburle, was afterwards vpon' certain affections ratified and confirmed by

* two feuerall Acts, the one made in the 25. yeere of the reigne of the said King your highnefle fa

* and Entitled, An Act declaring the ftablifhment of the succession of the Kings most royall Ma ‘ ieftie of the Imperiall Crown of this Realm. The other Act of Parliament made in the 28. yeere ‘ of the reigne of the said King your highnefle father, entitled, An Act for the ftabliihment of the fuc ‘ cefiion of the Imperial Crown of the Realm. In which said two Acts was contained, the illegitima ‘ tions of your moll noble person, which your said most noble person being born in so folemne a

* marriage, so openly 'approued in the world, ' and with, so good faith both first contracted, and also by

* so many yeeres continued between your most noble parents, and the same marriage in very deed not ‘ being prohibited by the Law of God, could not by any reason or equitie in this case be so spotted.

‘ And now we your highneffe said most louing, faithful and obedient Subiedts, of a godly heart and ‘ true "meaning, freely and frankly without fear, fanfie or any other corrupt motion or fenfuall affec ‘ tion, considering that this foresaid marriage had his beginning of God, .and by him was .continued

‘ and therefore was euer and is to be taken for a most true, iuft, lawful! and to all respects a sincere and ‘ perfect marriage, nor could nor ought by any mans'power, authoritie or iurifdidtion, bee dillblued',

* broken, or separated for whom God ioyneth, no man can nor ought to put asunder) and considering

* how.during the same marriage in godly concord, the Realm in all degrees flouriihed to the glory ‘ of God, the honour of the prince, & the great reputation of the fubiedts of the same, and on the other ‘ side vnderftanding manifestly that the ground of the said deuife, & practice for the diuorfe proceeded ‘ first of malice and vainglory, and after was prosecuted and folowed of fond affection & fan ‘ tafie, and finally executed and put in efledt by corruption, ignorance and flattery : and feeling to our

* great sorrow, damage and regret, how shameful ignominies, rebukes, flariders, contempts, yea, what ‘ death, pestilence, warres, difobediences, rebellions, insurrections, and diverse other great and grieuous

* plagues, God of his Iuflice hath fentvponvs, euer.fince this said viigodly purpose was first begun

* and practised, but also feeing euidently before our eyes that vnlefle so great an iniuftice as this hath ‘ bin, and yet continueth, be redubbed, and that the said false and wrongrull procefle,. iudgement and

* sentence, with their dependences be repealed and reuoked, nothing is leste' to be doubted, then that

‘ greater plagues and strokes are like to increase' and continue daily more and more within this Realm,

‘ do beseech your most excellent Majesty, as well in respect of your own honour, dignity and iuft

* title, as for truths sake, 'wherewith (we doubt not) but your highnes also will be specially moued in

‘ conscience, and also for the entire loue, fauor & affection which your Majesty beareth to the Com ‘ monwealth of this yohr Realm, and for the good'peace, vnitie and rest of vs your most bounden

‘ Subiedts, and our, posterity, that it may be enabled by your highnes with the consent of the Lords

‘ Spirituall and Temporall, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled.' And be it enacted by the authoritie of this present Parliament, That all and euery decree, sentence and Judgement of diuorfe, and separation between the said King your father, and the said late Queen your mother, and all the procefle commenfed, followed, giuen, made or promulged by the said Thomas Cratimer then Archbishop of Canturburle, or by any other perfoni or persons whatfoeuer, whereby the same most iuft, pure, and lawfull'mariage betwixt the' said late King your father and the said late Queen your mother was or is pronounced, or in any wise declared to be vnlawfull, or vniuft, or against the Law of God, be and fnalbe from the beginning, and from henceforth of no force, vaiiditie or efledt, but be vtterly nought, void, fruftrat" and adnihilat to all intents, conftrudtions and purposes, as if the same had neuer bene giuen cr pronounced. '

III And be it also enabled by the authority aforesaid, That afwell the said Act of Parliament, entitled, An Act declaring the establishment of the succession of the Kings must royall Majesty of the Imperial] crown of this Realm, made in the 25. yeere of the reigne of the King your father be repealed, and be void and of none efledt, as also all and euery such claufes1, articles, branches and matters con teined and expressed in the foresaid Act of Parliament, rriade in the said '2s. yeere of the reigne of the said late King your father, or in any other Act or" Acts of Parliament, as whereby your highnes is named or declared to be illcgitimat, or the said marriage between the said King your father, & the said Queen your mother, is declared to be against the word of God, or by any means vnlawfull, shall bee, and be repealed, and bee voyd and of no force nor efledt, to all intents, conftrudtions and purposes, as if the same sentence or Acts of Parliament had neuer bin had nor made. And that the said marriage had and solemnised betwixt your said most noble father King Henry and your said most noble mother

Queen

i, 59 A P E E N D 1 X

Qwccnc Katherine, flialbe diffinitiuely, clearely and abfolfitely declared, deemed and adiudged to be and land with Gods Law and his most holy word, and to bee accepted, reputed and taken of good effect and validitie, to all intents and purposes. ' "! ‘on, 1 " '

in t!

!

nv, i. ■ i -, 1 j II -- ' '

ll i‘ Anno secundo &, tertio Philippi & Marine.

*,; C » .• r i / t' jt

C rh.

acts made at a Parliament begun and holder) at Westminster the xxj. day of October in the second and third yeres of King Philip and Queen Mary, late King and 'queeie of England, See. and there continued and kept vntill the dilfolution of the same, being the ninth day pf December then next infuing, as followeth. '.. / 1,

../•••/., : I' u‘ .: r i ' ■ ' : r ' -

V CAP..XV... : 5. ' '■1 '

f, i, -1 : •

An Act that Purueiours Shall not take.victuals within fiue miles of Cambridge and Oxford.

'Vmbly sue to your Maiefties, the Societies, Colleges, and Companies of your true and faithful fubiedts, and daily oratours, the' Scholers, and Students of both your Maiefties vniucrfiti.es,

L Cambridge, and. Oxford, that where it, hath been accustomed time out of mind, hat both the said market townes of Cambridge and Oxford, wherein the said two Vriiuerfities .'be let, and the cir fccuit of fiue miles next adioyning, hath beenp free from any charge or molestation Of any common ‘ takers, or purueiours for vidfuall, whereby the said markets, were more plentifully feruedrwith vidtuall, a and the poors estate of a great multitude of Scholers, honing very bare and small sustentation, there ‘ by relieued, and now by the ineanes that contrary to t hc same laudable custom, diverse purueiours ‘ and takers, have, of late exceffiuely frequented the same Market, and thereby giuen occasion to make ‘•'•vidluals more fkant, and much dearpr to a notorious decay of Scholers, which also daily in this great * dearth is like to increase, and .be more lamentable, to the hindrance of god's feruice, the diftionour f of the Realm, the difeomfort of all good, and holy men louing learning and uertue.', \, •-

II It'may therefore please your Maiefties, of your great pitie,. and abundant fauojjr and loue towards

your said two Universities, being the very two only nurfles of good learning in this Realm, with the assent of the Lords spirituall and temporal], and thecommons in this present Parliament aft fembledpi and by the authoritie of the same, to enadt, ordeine, and establish, that from'hencefoartlv, nb manner of Purueiour,; Taker, Loder, or other minister, may, or shall take or bargaine for any kinde of visual!, or graine, in any of the said. markets or townes of Cambridge, and the Citiej of Oxford, nor shall takq or bargaine for any vidtu&ll within the' eompaffe of fiue miles thereto adioyning, without the ebiafeiit* weemeft^fir' • tfyfp.erior owners,. neither shall attempt to came, talye'away,, or

bargaiiid" tor; ‘ any manner of grained 'or other yidtua.il, hough' ' prouide^ within Alie, aid jfpace of, fijue milesi by any common minister of any College, Hoftell, of Hull, to bee spent within apy. of the said Colleges, Hoftels, or Hals, vpori pain of the forfeiture of the quadruple value of any fucti manner graine, or vidtuall,. so taken or bargained for, in any of the said markets, or within .the said ipa.ee...of fiue miles, against the will of the owners, as" is abouelaid, or attempt to be taken, carried away, or bargained for, being provided, as is abouefaid, for to bee spent in any .the Colleges, Hoftels, or Hals : and further shall differ imprisonment for the space of three moneths, without bade. or maineprife, and that the Cjiancellqur or Uicechancellour, Orbis Commiffarie for the time being, in either of the said. Universities, with two Iuftiees of the Peace offthe County wherein the said Universities" be fet, shall have full power by authoritie of this' Act, to inquire‘'by the oaths of twelve men, pf > arid vpon • tke. defaults and .offences committed contrary, to the tenor thereof,; and to see due punishment and reformation thereof in form aforesaid, from'time to time : the one half of which foresaid forfeitures to bee to the common treasure of either of the said Universities, refpedtiuely to the fault committed against'this their priuiledge, the other half to the party that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or otherwise in any Court of Record, or before the foresaid Chancellor, his Uicechancellour or Commiflarie for the, time.being, and two Iuftiees of Peace, as is 'before expressed. 1.,.. " ‘ 'j," r'vguon' < i

III Prouided, that this Act shall not be put in execution at any time or times, whenfoeuer your Maier.

flies, or the lieires or' successoufs of your Majesty our Souereigne Lady, shall .please to come to any of both the said Universities, or within feuen miles' of either of them, but shall be in suspense during that, time only, and no longer..., ■.,.

• IV Prouided alwayes, and bee it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that this Actor. anything therein conteined, shall not in any wise be preiudiciall or, hurtful! to the Maior, Bayliffes, and comr, munaltie of the City of Oxford, nor to the Maior and commonaltie of the town of Cambridge, or to their fucceflours, : for, and concerning any of their liberties', or priviledges, but that they and euery of them, and their fucceflours refpedliuely, may have and vfe the same, in such manner and form, as, they, or any of them, might or ought to have clone before the making of this a.dl: anything in this Act conteined to the contrary notwithstanding.

J,..

rot idus■

APPENDIX

A. ....'I

Rotiilus Parliament! de Anno Regni Regine Elizabeth Primo.

In Parliamento tento apud Weftmonafterium Vicesimo quinto die Januarij Anno Regni Sereniffime et Excellentiffime Domine nostre Elizabeths dei gratia Anglie Frantie et Hibernie Regine fidei defenforis Primo Commnni omnium Dominorum tarn spiri tualium quam "Temporalium et Communitatis aftenfu ac dicte Regie Majestatis turn prefentis confenfu Sancita ina&ata Stabilita et Ordinata fuerunt Flee Quadraginta Statuta Subfequentia Viz:

An Acte. giving audthoritee to the Quenes Majesty uppon thadvoidance of any Archbi 3« fhoppriche or Bilhoppriche to take into her hands certeine of the Temporall possessions therof recompensing the same withe parsonages Impropriate arid Tenthes.

.. <.. )*':, ( .i ...

Exhibita eft Regie Majeftati in parliamento predidto Billa Quedam formam adtus in fe continens.

■ From the Rolls. '

1 ST"\HE Lords Spiritual! and Temporall and the Commons in this present parliament assembled jj perceyving howe necessary yt ys for the Imperyall Crown of this Realm to be repayred withe

JL Restitution of Revenues meete for the same and having assented and fully accorded to restore to

the same Imperiall Crown the firil fruites of tenthes and parsonages Impropryate for thencreafe.of the Revenue therof beealfo desirous to devise some good means wherby the said Revenue of Tenthes and Impropryate benefices might bee in the governance and disposition of the Clergy of this Realm being moult apte for the same in such forte as yet therby the said Imperyall Crown fhoulde not bee in any wile dyminilhed in the said Restored revenue And therefore Befeche your Majesty That it may bee enabled by thaublhoritee of this present parliament in manner and fourme hereafter following That ys to say upon the vacation and avoydance of every Archbishopric or Bishopric within this your Realm of Englandeand Wales and other your highnes domynions yt shall and may bee lawful for your highnes to elebte and Choose and to take into your hands and reall possession afmuche and so manye of anye the Honoures Caftelles Manors Lands tenementes or other hereditamentes beyng parcell of the possessions of any such Archebifshoprick or byfshoprick so beyng voyde as the clere yerely valeue of all your ma jefties parfonags appropriate and yerely Tenthes within every such Archebilhopricke or Bifshoppricke shall yerely amounte and extende unto And for the trial of every valeue of such Honours Callelles Manors Lands tenements and hereditamentes yt shall and may bee lawful for your highnes from time to time to direble your Letters of Commission under your hignes great Seal of Englande into every such Archebyfshoprick or Bishopric so being voyde to such persons as your Majesty shall thinck mete and covenient Gyving them au&horitee therby to surveye such Honnors Caftelles Manors Lands tenementes and hereditamentes parcell of the possessions of the same Archebifshopricke or Bifshopricke so being voyde as to your Majesty lhalbe thought mete and convenient to bee taken into your highnes hands and pofleflyon and therupon to certefye the verye clere yerely value therof over all chardges and repryfes into your highnes Court of Exchequer at such day and time as by the said Commission ffialbe lymited and appoynted And after such Certyficate into the said Court of Efchequer of the Clere yerely value of such Honnors Caftelles Manors lands tenementes and hereditamentes so had and made It shall and may bee lawful for your highnes by your Letters patentes to gyve and assure unto such Archebyfshopp and Bifshoppe and his lucceltours as fhalbee preferred and consecrated Archebyfshopp or Bifshopp of such Archebifshopricke or Bishopric so being voyde so muche and so many of your yerely Tenthes Tithes and parfonags appropriated being within the same Archbilhopprick or Bifshoprick as fhalbee of as muche or of more yerely valeue as the said Honours Caftells Manors lands tenements or hereditamentes so certefied into your said Court of Exchequer bee certefied unto And that immediately upon such gifte and grante made by your highnes and the same by your Majesty under your Sygnet or Sygne Manuell signified unto your Threaforer and Barons of your said Court of Exchequer togither withe your pleasure for the reteyning and keping of the said Honours Caftelles Manors lands tenements or other hereditamentes so certefied into your said Court of Exchequer in lewe and place of the said Tenthes tithes and parfonags appropriate The same and such Honours Castles manors lands tenementes and other hereditamentes as so shall then bee certified into your said Court of Exchequer fhalbe adjudged veiled and demed by aublhoritee of this present parliament actually and really in your highnes your heires and successors and bee from thensforthe united and annexed to thimperiall Crown of this your Realm for ever And from thensforthe fhalbee in thorder survey rule and governance of your said Court of Exchequer in such like manner and form as other your highnes possessions and hereditaments bee at this present. Prouided alwaies and bee it enacted by thauflhoritee aforefayd That this able or anything therin conteyned shall not extende to gyve any Libertye or audfhoritee to your highnes to take from any such Archebifhoprick or Bifshoprick any of the Manfyon Howies commonly used for the habitation or dwelling of any such Archebifshoppc or Bifshopp or any the Demean lands com'only used or

occupyed

152

APPENDIX.

From the Rolls.

occupyed with any. fuchc Mansion or Dwelling house or houses or any of. them or to take any other lands or tenementis com'only used and kepte in the manurance tillage or Manuell occupac'on of any Archebilhopp or Bifshopp' for the mayntenance of Hospitalities and good housekeeping Anything in this able conteyned to the contrary notwitheftanding.

II Saving to all and every person and persons Bodyes politike and Corporate their Heires and Succeflbures and. to theires and luccelfoures of everye of them Other then the said Archebifshoppes and Bilhoppes and their successoures All such estate right title tearme interest Rent profet Offices or commodities as they or any of them have fhoulde might or'ought to have had in or to any Honours Cables Manors Lands Tenements or other hereditanientes whatsoever in such like manner form and condic'on to all intents and purposes as if this able had never been had nor made anything herein conteyned to the contrary not with llanding.

III And be it further enabled bythaublhoritie aforefayd That all giftes grantes feoffamentes fynes or other conveyance or estates from the first day of this present parliament to be had made doone or fuffred by any Archebifhhoppe or Byfhoppe of any Honours Cables Manors lands tenements or other hereditaments being parcell of the polleffions of his Archebifshoprick or Bifshoprick or united apperteyn ing or belonging to any the same Arche Bifshoprickes or Bilhoprickes to any person or persons Bodyes politike or Corporate (other then to the Quenes Highnes her Heires or successoures) wlierby any estate or estates should or may pass from the same Archbiihoppes or Bifhopes or any of them (other then for the term of xxj yeres or three lyves from such time as any such lease grante or assurance ilrail beginne and wherupon the old accustomed yerely rent or more thalbe reserved & yerely during the" said .term of xxj yeres or three lyves (halbe utterly voyde and of none effeble to all intents conftrucc'ons and purposes any law custom or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Cui quidem Bille perlebfe et ad plenum Intellebfe per diblam Dominam Rcginam ex audthoritate parliamenti predidti lie refponium eft.

La Reine Le Veult.

CAP. XXI

An act of a Subsidie and two Fifteenes and Tenth, by the Temporaltie.

* IIE care which we doe perceiue your Majesty hath, most noble and redoubted Soueraigne, to A reduce this Realm and the imperiall Crown thereof now lately so fore ftiaken, so impouerifh,

4 ed, so infeebled and weakened, into the former estate, strength and glory, doth make vs. not only to

* reioyce much in the great bounteoufneffe of Almighty God, who hath so marueiloufly, and beyond 4 all wordly expectation preferued your Majesty in these late difficult and dangerous times, but alio to 4 ftudie and bend all our wits and force of vnderftanding, how we may like louing and obedient Subiedts, 4 follow our head, in this so noble and so necessary an enterprise. And considering with our felues, 4 that the decay hath been, besides many other things, especially in these three : First, w'afting 4 of treasure, abandoning of strength, and in diminishing of the ancient authoritie of your imperiall f Crovvne.

‘ II Wc doe most earnestly and faithfully promise to your highneffe, that there ftiall lacke no good ' will, trauell, nor force on our behalfe, to the redresse of all this : but we shall be ready, with heart, ■4 will, strength, body, hues and goods, not only to recouer again that which is thus diminished,

‘ but if neede bp, to recouer further (as far as right, and the will and pleasure of God shall l'tiffer) the old 4 dignitje .and renowqe of this Realm. The time and place whereof doth not rest in vs, but, as most 6 reason is, in your most noble Majesty, with the aduice of your honourable counfell. Neuertheleffe, since it doth so manifestly appear to vs all what inestimable wafting and consumption of the treasure and 4 ancient reuenues of this Realm hath been of late days, and what great new charges, and intolle 4 rable expenses your highneffe is forced now to fufteine, by reason of the decay and Ioffe of parcell of 4 your ancient Crown : lb, being not ignorant that no worthy enterpife, no noble attempt, no not so 4 much as the preferuation of a strong and puissant estate, may be without some mass of Treasure pre 4 fently to be had, and ready against all occurrents.

4 III Therefore we your most obedient & louing Subjects, the Lords spirituall & temporall, and the ‘ commons in this present Parliament assembled, to Show our willing hearts and good minds, vpon 4 mature co'fultation had, liaue condescended and agreed with one voice and most entire affections, to 4 make your highneffe at this time a present, not such in deede as in our affections we doe with it,

4 and as we know most certainly ought to be: but yet of your accustomed clemency which you doc Show 4 to all men, we humbly on our knees pray your Highneffe not to reiebt it, but to accept our good 4 wills and hearty defjres herein, and that this our small gift may be by your Highneffe, the Lords Spiri 4 tuall and Temporal], and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of 4 the some enacted.'

IV And be it enabled, that your Highneffe towards the Paid great costs and inestimable charges, ftiall have by au'horitie of this present Parliament, two whole Fifteens and Tenths to be paid, taken, and leuied of tfoc moucable goods, chattels and other things vfuall to'such Fifteenes and Tenths, to bee contributory and chargeable within tide Shires, Cities, Boroughs, Townes and other places of this your Maiellies Realm, 'in manner and form afore time vfed: 4 Except the furnine of twelue thousand pounds S 4 thereof

153

APPENDIX.

* thereof fully be deduced, that is to say, fixe thousand pounds of either of the said whole Fifteenes and ‘ Tenths, of the sum that one whole Fifteene and Tenth attaineth vnto, in reliefe, comfort and dif' ‘ charge of the poor townes, cities and boroughs of this your said reahne wafted, desolate and destroyed, ‘ or ouer greatly impouerifhcd, after such rate as was and hath afore this time bin had & made to euery ‘ shire, and to be diuided in such manner and form as heretofore for one whole Fifteene and Tenth hath ‘ been had and diuided.' And the said two whole Fifteens & Tenths (the exceptions and dedudtions aforesaid, thereupon had, deduced and allowed) to be paid in manner & form following : that is to say, the whole (irft Fifteene and Tenth, except before excepted, to be paid to your Higlmes in the receit of your Highnes Exchequer, before the tenth day of Nouemher next comming. And the said second Fifteene & Tenth, except before excepted, to be paid to your Highneffe in the receipt of your Exchequer before the tenth day of November, in the yeere of our Lord God, 1560.

V And be it further ena<5ted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Knights defied and returned, of and for the Shires within this Reahne for this present Parliament, Citizens of Cities, and Burgeftes of Boroughs and Townes, where Collectors have been vfed to be named and appointed for the coliec tien of any Fifteene and Tenth, before this Time granted, shall name and appoint yeerely before the last day of Aiiguft, in either of the said two yeeres, sufficient and able perfcns for the collection of the said Fifteenes and Tenth', in every of the said Shires, Cities, Boroughs and Townes, the said persons then hauing lands, tenements, and other hereditaments, in his or their own right of an efta e of inheritance of tue yeerely value of tenne pounds, or in goods worth an hundred pounds at the least. And also such person or persons so by them to bee named and appointed for the collection of either of the said Fifteenes and 1 enths, shall be by them feuerally appointed and allotted into Hundreds, Rapes, Wapentakes, Cities, Boroughs and Townes. And also the said persons so named and appointed for the collection of the said Fifteenes and Tenths, shall be charged and chargeable vpon his or their account or accounts in the Exchequer to be made, with all such sum or fummes of money, as the Hundreds, Rapes, t Wapentakes, Cities, Boroughs and Townes, where he or they shall so happen to be appointed, amount vnto, and of no more sum or fummes. And vpon the paiment of such fumrhes of money as lie or they shall be charged with, shall be discharged, and have his or their met us cjl, the non accounting or non paiment of any other of his fell owes, or the iniufficiencie of them or any of them not ' withstanding. And the names or surnames of euery of the said Collectors, for the said Fifteenes and Tenths, during either of the said two yeeres, together with the place allotted to their collection and charge, the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgeftes for the Shires, Cities and Boroughs, whereunto they be eiebted, named and returned, shall certify before the Queen in her Chaneerie before the thirteenth day of October, in every of the same two yeeres, according to the tenor of this Act. And if the default of any such certifying be had or made in form as is aiorefaid, then the Lord Chancellor of England, or Keeper of the great Seal for the time being, shall immediately after name and appoint Collectors, tor the collection of either of the said Fifteenes and Tenths, in manner and form as the said Knights of the Shires, Citizens of Cities, and burgeftes of Boroughs (hold have done, and as aforetime have been vfed. The which said Collectors, and euery of them, shall have like allowance upon their accounts, for their sees, wages, and rewards, for the collection of the said Fifteenes and Tenths, in as large manner and form as any Colledtor or Collectors of Fifteens and Tenths, have had at any season in time past. And that the Barons of the Queenes Exchequer, for the time being, shall and may from time to time award such Proceffe for the speedy paiment thereof against the Colledtor and Collectors for the same, as by their diferetions shall be thought conuenient.

VI Prouided alwayes, and be it enabled by the authorise of this present Parliament, that the said Lord Chancellor, or Keeper of the great Seal for the time being, knights of the Shires, Citizens of Cities, and Burgeftes of Boroughs, Townes, and other places, hauing authority by this present Act, to name arid nominate the said Collectors, of or for the said Fifteenes and Tents, shall vpon their nomination and election had and made, take by authorise of this present Parliament, sufficient recogni fances or obligations, of euery person so by them to be named, to be bound to the Queens Majesty in the double sum of the fummes of their Collection, and to be endorsed upon such condition, ‘ that if ‘ the said Colledtor or co'lectors, doe truly content and pay, to the vie of the Queenes highnefle in ‘ her receipt of the Exchequer, before the tenth day of November, in euery of the. said two yeres, foc much of the sum of money allotted and appointed to his collection, as the same Colledtor shall have ‘ collected and gathered, and doe likewise after the said tenth day of the month of November, in euery ‘ of the said two yeeres, content and pay to the Queenes ivlaiefties vfe at the same receipt, the residue

of his collection and charge, within one month next after such time as he shall have gathered & col ‘ ledted the same residue: : then the Recognisance or obligation to be void, or else to lland in his full £ strength and virtue: ' which Recognisance or Obligation so taken, the said Knights of the Shire, Citizens and Burgeftes, and euery of them, taking any such Recognizances or Obligation, shall certify and deliuer to the Lord Treasurer, and Barons of the same Exchequer, before the same ten'h day of November, in euery of the said yeeres, vpon paine of forfeiture of X LI to the Queenes highneffe, for euery Recognisance or Obligation foto be taken and not certified. And that euery such Colledtor vpon request to him made, shall make & knowledge the same Recognisance or Obligation accordingly, vpon like paine So forfeiture of X LI to the Queen, for his refufall thereof, and the Treasurer or Barons of the Exchequer, vpon the paiment of the same collection, or at the said days, shall cancell and deliuer the said Recognisance or Obligation to the said Colledtor or Collectors, without any fee or reward to be paid to any person for the same.

APPEND.

X

VII And

j54

APPENDIX.

VII And furthermore, for the great and weighty considerations aforesaid, we the Lords Spiritual! and Temporal, and the Commons of this present Parliament altembled, do by our like assent and authorise or this Parliament, giuc and grant to your hiehneffe, our said s.ouereigne Lady the Queenes Majesty, your heires and fucceltors, one entire Subfidie, to be rated, taxed, leuied and pain at two feuerall paiments, of euery person spirituall and temporall, of what estate or degree he or they be, according to the tenor of this Act, in manner and form following: that is to say, afwell of euery person born within this realm of England, Wales, or other the Queens dominions, as of all and euery Fraternity, Guild, Corporation, Mystery, Brotherhood, and Commonalty, corporated or not corporated, within this realm of England, Wales, or other the Queenes dominions, bein worth V LI for euery pound, afwell in Coyne and the value of euery pound, that euery such person. Fraternity, Guild, Corporation, Mystery, Brotherhood, Comonaltie, corporate or not corporate, hath of his or their own, or any other to his or their vfe, as also Plate, stocke of merchandizes, all manner of Come and blades, houlhold ftuffc, and of all other goods moueable, afwell within the Realm as without, and of all fummes of money as to him or them is or shall be owing, whereof he or they trust in his or their conscience, surely to be paid, except and out of the premises deducted, such fummes of money as he or they owe, and in his or their consciences intendeth truly to pay: and except also, the apparel] of such persons, their wives and children belonging to their own bodies, (falling iewels, gold, bluer, stone and pearle) shall pay to and for the first payment of the said Subfidie, twenty pence of euery pound, and to and for the second paiment of the said Subfidie tvvelue pence of euery pound. And alio euery Alien and stranger born out of the Queenes obeisance, afwell Denizen as others, inhabiting within this Realm, of euery pound that he or they have in Coine, and the value of euery pound in Plate, Come, Graine, Merchandizes, Iioulhold ftuffe, or other goods, iewels, chattels moueable or vnmoueable, as is aforesaid, afwell within this Realm as without, and of all fummes of money to him or them owing, wherof he or they trust in his or their consciences to be paid (except out of the same premises deducted, euery such lumme or fummes of money, which he or they doe owe, and in his or their conscience or consciences intend truly to'pay) shall pay Of and for euery pound, to and for the hrll payment of the said Subfidie, three Shillings and foure pence, and to and for the second paiment of the said Subfidie two shillings of euery pound. And also that euery alien and stranger born out of the Queenes dominions, being Denizen or not Denizen, not being contributory to any the rates abouelaid, shall pay to and for the hrft: paiment of the said Subfidie, foure pence, and to and for the second paiment of the said Subfidie other foure pence for euery Poll.

VIII And the master, or he or she with whom the same alien is or shall be abiding at the same taxation or taxations thereof, to be charged with the same for lacke of payment thereof.

IX And be it further enacted by the authorise aforesaid, that euery person born vnder the Queenes obeisance, and every Corporation, Fratemitie, Guild, Mystery, Brotherhood, and Commonaltie, corporate or not corporate, for euery pound that euery of the same p: rfon, & every Corporation, Fratemitie, Guild, Mystery, Brotherhood, & Commonalty, corporator not corporator any other to his or their vfe, hath in see Ample, see taile, for term of life, term of yeeres, by execution, wardship, or by copy of Court Roll, of and in any Honours, Castles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Seruices, Hereditaments, Annuities, Sees, Corrodies, or other yeerely profits, of the yeerly value of twenty Shillings, afwell within ancient demeane and other places priuileged, or elsewhere, and so vpwards, shall pay to, and for the first paiment of the said Subfidie two Shillings eight pence, of and for euery pound : and to and for the second paiment of the said Subfidie, sixteen pence, of, and for euery pound. And euery Alien born out of the Queenes obeisance, in such case to pay at the first of the said paiments, fiue Shillings foure pence of euery pound, and at the second paiment two Shillings eight pence of and for euery1 pound. And that all fummes presented and chargeable by this Act, either for goods and debts, or either of them, or for lands and tenements, and other the premises, as is in this Act conteined, shall be at cither of the said paiments fet and taxed after the rate and portion, according to the true meaning of this Act (lands and tenements chargeable to the Difmes of the Clergy, and yeerely wages due to fer uants for their yeerely feruice, other then the Queenes feruants, taking yeerely wages of fiue pounds or ahoue, only excepted and foreprifed.) And that all Plate, Coyne, Iewels, Goods, Debts and chattels perfonals, being in the rule and custody ot any person and persons, to the vfe of any Corporation, Fraternity, Guild, Mystery, brotherhood, or any Commonalty, being corporate or not corporate, be and ihalbe rated, fet and charged by reason of this Act, as the nalue certified by the prefenters of that certificat, to be fworne of euery pound of goods and debts, as is abouefaid. And of euery pound in lands, tenements, annuities, sees, corrodies, or other yeerely profits, as is abouefaid. And the fummes that are before rehearsed, fet and taxed, to be levied and taken of them that shall have such goods in custody, or otherwise charged for lands, as is before rehearsed. And the same person or persons, and body corporate, by authority of this Act, shall he discharged against him or them, that shall or ought to have the same at the time of the paiment or deliuery thereof, or at his otherwise departure from the custody or poffelfion of the same. Except and alwayes foreprifed from the charge and assessment of this Subfidie, all goods, chattels, iewels and ornaments of Churches and Chapels, which have been ordeined and vfed in Churches or Chapels, for the honour and feruice of Almighty God.

X And the first paiment of the said Subfidie, shall be by the authority aforesaid, taxed, afiefled, and rated according to this Act, in euery Shire, Riding, Lath, Wapentake, Rape, City, Borough, Town, and euery other place within this realm of England Wales, and other the Queenes dominions, before the lap day of Aprlll next comming : and the second paiment of the said Subfidie, shall be by authority aforesaid, taxed, assessed and rated before the twentieth d iy of January next comming: And the particular iummes of euery Shire, Riding, Borough, Town and other places aforesaid, with the particular names

j55

APPENDIX.

of such as are chargeable for and to the first paiment of the said Subfidie, to be taxed and fet, by the Commissioners to the lame limits, or two of them at the leafte, with the names of the high Collectors, and in the same form ihalbe certified in the Queenes Exchequer, before the last day of May next com ming. And the particular films of euery Shire, Riding, Borough, Town and other places aforesaid, with the particular names of such as are chargeable for & to the second paiment of the said Subfidie, to be taxed and fet by the Commissioners to the same to be limited, or two of them at the least, with the names of the high Collectors, and in the same form (lialbe certified into the Queenes Exchequer, before the twentieth day of February, which shall bee in the yeere of onr Lord God 1559. And the said sums in manner and form aforesaid, to be taxed for the paiment of the said Subfidie, shall be paid into the Queens receit of her Exchequer aforesaid, to the vfe of our Souereigne Lady, before the foure and twentieth day of June next comming, and the said runtimes in manner and form aforesaid, to be taxed for the second paiment of the said Subfidie, shall be paid into the receipt aforesaid to the vfe aforesaid, before the first day of March, which shall be in the yeere of our Lord God 1559. And the sum abouefaid, of and for the said Subfidie, shall be taxed, fet, a(ked, and demanded, taken, gathered, leuied and paid to tiie vfe of our Souereigne Lady, her heires and successors, in form abouefaid, afweil within the liberties, Franchises, sanctuaries, ancient Demeane, and other whatfoeuer place exempt or not exempt, as without. Except such Shires, places and persons, as shall be foreprifed in and by this present acf, any grant. Charter, prefeription, vfe, or libertie, by reason of any Letters patents, or other priuiledge, prefeription, allowance of the same, or whatfoeuer other matter of discharge heretofore to the contrary made, granted, vfed or obteined, notwithstanding.

XI And it is further enacted by authority of this present Parliament, that euery such person, afweil such as be born vnder the Queenes obeisance, as euery other stranger born, Denizen or not Denizen, inhabiting within this Realm, or within Wales, or other the Queenes dominions, which at the time of the said afleflings or taxations, or either of them to be had or made, shall be out of this Realm, and out of Wales, and have goods or chattels, lands or tenements, fees or annuities or other profits, within this Realm, or in Wales, shall be charged and chargeable for the same, by the certificate of the inhabitants, ot the parts where such goods, chattels, lands, tenements, or other the premises, then shall be, or in such other place where such person or his faflor, deputy or atturney, shall have his most reforte vnto within this Realm, or in Wales, in like manner as if the said person were, or had been at the time of the said assessing within this Realm. And that euery person abiding or dwelling within this Realm or without this Realm, shall bee charged or chargeable to the same Subfidie graunted by this Acte, according and after the rate of such yeerely substance, or value of lands and tenements, goods, chattels, and other the premises, as euery person lo to be charged shall be fet at, in the time of the said assessing or taxation vpon him to be made, and in none otherwise.

XII And further be it enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, that for the assessing and ordering of the said Subfidie to bee duly had, the Lord Chancellor of England, or the Keeper of the great Seal, the Lord Treasurer of England, the Lord Stew ard of the Queenes Maiefties houlhold, the L President of the

Sieenes honourable Councel, & the Lord priuy Seal for the time being, or two of them at the least, eros the L Chancellor of England, or Keeper of the great Seal for the time being to be one, dial b may name b appoint, of b for euery shire b riding, & other places afwel within this realm as in ip'ales, b other the Queens dominions, b also of b for euery city b town, being a County in itself, and ot b for the Isle of Wight, such certain number of persons of euery of the same Shires, Ridings, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Cities, Townes b Ille of Wight, and euery other place, and other the inhabitants of the same, to be Commissioners of and within the same, whereof they be inhabitants. And also of, b for the honourable lioufhold of the Queenes Majesty in that shire, or other places the said household shall happen then to be. And the L Chancellor or Keeper of the great Seal, and other with him before named, in like manner may name and appoint of euery such Borough and Town corporate, afweil in England as in Wales, and other the Queenes dominions, as they shall think requisite, fixe, flue, foure, three or two of the head officers, and other honest inhabitants of the said Cities, Boroughs and Townes corporal, according to the number b multitude of the people being in the same, the which persons, if any such be thereunto named, of the said inhabitants of the said Boroughs and Townes corporat, not being Counties in thcmfelues, shall be 'mined and put in as Commissioners, with the persons named for such Shires and Ridings, as the said Boroughs and towns corporat, not being Counties in themfelues, be fet and have their being, V Inch persons so named for and of the said Boroughs and townes corporat, not being Counties, by reason of their dwelling in the same, (hal not take vpon them, northeast none of them, to put any part of their Commission in execution for the premises, out of the said Boroughs and Townes corporate, wherein they, being so named only for the same, bee dwelling. And also not to execute the said Commission within the Borough or town corporat where they be so dwelling, but at such days b times as the said other Commissioners, for the same Shire and Riding shall thereunto limit and appoint within the same Borough or Town corporat, not being County corporat, wherof they so be, and not out of fucii Borough or Town, and in that manner to be aiding and assisting with the said other Commissioners, in and for the good executing of the efieift of the said Commission, vpon pain of euery of the said Commissioners, so named for euery such City, Borough, town corporat, not being a County, to make such fine as the said other Comtniifioners in the Commission of and for the said shire or riding so named, or three of them at the least, shall by their difere tions fet b certify into the Queens Exchequer, there to be leuied to the vfe of the Queens Majesty, in like manner as such or like fummes had been fet and rated upon euery such person for the said Subsidy. The which Commissioners so named of and for the said Cities, Boroughs, and townes, not being Counties, and only put in the said Commission, by reason of their dwelling in the same, dial not have any

X 2 part

APPENDIX.

part of the portion of the fees and rewards of the Commissioners and their Clerks, in this Act afterward specified _ the L Chancellor of England, or Keeper of the great Seal, for the time being, shall make & direct out of the Court of Chanceric., vnder the great Seal, feueral Commissions: : is to say, to euery Shire, Riding, Lath, Wapentake, Rape, City, Town, Borough, Isle & household, vnto such person h persons, as by his discretion & with him afore named, and appointed in like manner and form as is afore rehearsed, lhalbe thought sufficient for the selling and leuying of the Laid Subfidie, in all fliires and places, according to the true meaning of this Act: which Commission for the first pai ment of the said Subfidie, shall be directed and deliuered to the said Commissioners, or to one of them, before the first day of April next comming. And the Commission for the l'econd paiment of the said Subfidie, lliall be directed and deliuered to the said Commissioners, or one of them before the first day of "January, which ffialbe in the year of our Lord God 1559. And to euery of the said Commissioners, ten fcedules, conteining in them the tenor of this Act, shall be affiled. By which Commission, the Commissioners in euery such Commission, named according to this Act, & as many of them as lhalbe appointed by the said Commission, shall have full power and authority to put the effect of the same com million in execution. And that by authoritie of this Act, after such Commissions to them directed, they may by their assents & feuer themfelues for the execution of their Commission, in Hundreds, Laths, Wards, Rapes, Wapentakes, Townes, Parishes & places, within the limits of their said Commission, in such form as to them shall seem expedient to be ordered, and between them to be communed and agreed, according to the tenor and effect of the Commission to them therein directed, pon which feuerance, euery person of this present Parliament, that shall bee Commissioner, shall be alfigned in the hundred where hedwelleth.

xifl Prouided alwayes, that no person be or shall be compelled to be any Commissioner, to and for the execution of this present Act, but only in the Shire where he dwelleth and inhabiteth. And that any person being alfigned to the contrary thereof, in any wise shall not be compelled to put in execution the effect of this Actor any part thereof. And it is also enacted by authority of this present Parliament, that the Commissioners and euery of them, which shall be named limited, and appointed according to this Act, to be Commissioners in euery such Shire, Riding, Lath, Wapentakd, Rape, City, Town, Borough, Hie, and the said household or any other place, and none other, shall truly, effectually, and diligently for their part, execute the effect of this present Act, according to the tenor thereof in euery behalfe, and none otherwise by any other means, without omission, fauour, dread, malice, or any other thing to be attempted and done by them, or any of them, to the contrary thereof. And the said Commissioners, and as many of them as shall be appointed by the said Commission, and none other, for the execution of the said Commission and Act, shall for the taxation of the said first payment of the said Subsidy, before the fixed day of Aprill next comming : and for the taxation of the said second payment of the said Subsidy, shall before the fixed day of January, which shall be in the yeere of our Lord God 1559, by virtue of the Commissions deliuered vnto them in form abouefaid, direct their feuerall or ioynt precept, vnto eight, feuen, fixe, flue, foure, or three or more, as for the number of the Inhabitants shall be requisite, of the moult substantiall, difereet and honest persons, Inhabitants, to be named by the said Commissioners, or by as many of them; as shall be appointed hythe said Commission, of and in Hundreds, Lathes, Rapes, Wapentakes, Wards, Pariihes, Townes and other places, as well within liberties, franchises, ancient demesnes, places exempted, and sanctuaries, as without, within the limits of the Shires, Ridings, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Cities, Townes, Boroughes or Ille aforelaide, and other places within the limits of their Commission, and to the Constables, fubcon stables, Bailiffes, and other like officers or ministers of euery of the said Hundreds, Townes, Wards, Lathes, Wapentakes, Pariihes and other places aforefaicl, as to the said Commissioners, and euery number of them, or vnto three or two of them by their discretion in diuifion shall seem expedient, as by the manner and use of the parties shall be requisite, strictly by the same precept charging and commanding the same Inhabitants, Constables, and other officers aforesaid, to whom such precept shall be so directed, to appear in their proper persons, before the said Commissioners, or such number of them as they shall diuide themfelues, according to the tenor of the said Commission, at certain days and places, by the said Cormnilfioners, or any number of them, as is aforesaid, within Cities, Boroughes or Townes corporate, or without, in any other place, as is aforesaid, by their diferetions shall bee limited thereunto, to doe and accomplilli all that to them on the part of the Queenes Maicftie shall be inioyned touching this Act. Commanding further by the same precept, that he to whose hands such precept shall come, shall show or deliuer the same to the other inhabitants or officers named in the said precept. Sc that none of them faile to accomplish the same, vpon pains of 40. s. to be forfeited to the Queens majesty.

XIV And it is further ordained by the authority of this present Parliament, that the said day and place prefixed and limited in the said precept, euery of the Commissioners then being in the Shire, and hauing(no sufficient excuse for his absence at the day and place prefixed for that part whereunto he was limited', shall appear in his proper person, that there the same Commissioners being present, or as many as shall be appointed by the Queenes Maiefties Commission, shall call or cause to be called before them the said inhabitants and officers to whom they liaue directed their said precepts, and which had in commandenient there to appear by the said precept of the said Commissioners, and if any person so warned make default, vnlefle he then be letted by fickenelle or lawful! excuse, and that let then be witnessed by the othes of two credible persons, or if any appearing refuse to be fworne in form following to forfeit to the Queenes Majesty forty Shillings. And lo at euery time appointed by the com missioner for the same taxation, vnto such time the number of euery such persons appeared and certified in form vnder written, and euery of them so making default, or refusing to be fworne, to forfeit to the

Queenes

157

APPENDIX.

Queenes Majesty forty Shillings, and vpon the same appearance had, one of the mod substantiale inhabitants or officers being warned and appearing before the said Commissioners, shall bee fworne vpon a book openly before the Commissioners in form following.

I Shall timely inquire with my fellowes that shall be charged with me, of the Hundred, Wapentake, The Oth of

Ward, Town or other place, of the bed and mod value of the substance of euery person dwel the Prefemors

‘ ling and abiding within the limits of the places that I and my fellowes shall be charged with, and f chargawe with ‘ other which shall have his or their mod resort vnto any of the said places, and chargeable with any paiment of the C sum of money by this Act of this Subsidy, and of all other Articles that I shall be charged with Subsidy. C touching the said A, and according to the intent of the (lime, and therupon as necre as it may be,

‘ or shall come to my knowledge, truly to present and certify before you, the names, surnames, and

‘ the bed and vttermod fubdance and values of euery of them, as well of lands, tenements & other ‘ hereditaments, possessions & as of goods, chattels, debts, and other things chargeable by the ‘ said Act, without any concealement, loue, fauor, affection, dread, fear, or malice, as neere as God ‘ will giue me grace,

‘ So help me God,

* And the holy contents of this booked

XV And euery other person that shall appear there by the same precepts, from time to time, flmll make like oath, and vpon the oath so taken, as is aforesaid, by'the inhabitants and officers of euery hundred, ward, wapentake, town or other place, the said Commissioners shall openly there read, or cause to be read vnto them the said'rates, and openly declare the effect of their charge vnto them, in what manner and form they ought and (hold make their certificat, according to the rates and fummes thereof abouefaid. And of all manner of persons, as well of aliens and Grangers, denizens, or not denizens, inhabiting within this Realine, as of such persons as be born vnder the Queenes obeisance, chargeable to this Act. And of the possessions, goods and chattels, of fraternities, guiides, corporations, brotherhoods, mysteries and Commonalties, and other as is abouefaid, and of persons being in the parts beyond the seas, hauing goods or chattels, lands or tenements within this Reaime, as is aforesaid, and of ail goods being in the custody of any person or persons, to the vfe of any other as is aforesaid, by the which information and (hewing, the said persons (hold have such plain knowledge of the true intent of this present Act, and of the manner of their certificat, that the same persons should have no reasonable cause to excuse them by ignorance, and after such oath, and the Statute of the said Subsidy, and the manner cf the said certificat, to be made in writing, containing the names and surnames of euery person, and whether he be born without the Queenes obeisance or within, and the bed value of euery person in euery degree, as well of ye rly value cf lands and tenements, and of suchlike possessions and profits, as the value of goods and chattels, debts, and euery thing to their certificat requisite and necessary to them declared, the said Commissioners there being, shall by their diferetions appoint and limit vnto the said persons, an other day and place to appear before the said Commissioners, and charging the said persons that they in the meane time shall make diligent inquiry, by all .wayes and means of the premises,, then and there euery of them vpon paine of forfeiture of forty drillings fid the Queenes Maiedie, to appear at the said new prefixed day and place, there to certify vnto the said Commissioners, in writing to their said charge, and according to the true intent of the said grant of Subsidy, and as to them in manner aforesaid hath been declared and (hewed by the Commissioners, at which day and place foto them prefixed, if any of the said persons make default, or appear and refuse to • make the fair! certificat, .that then e.uery of them so offending, to forleit to the Queenes Majesty, forty shillings, except only a reasonable excuse of his default, by reason of iickeneffe, or otherwise by the oathes of two credible persons there witnessed bee had. And of such as appear ready to make certificat as is aforesaid,

.the said Commissioners there being, shall take and receiue the same ceitificat and euery part thereof, and the names, values and substance of euery person so certified, and if the same Commissioners see cause reasonable, they shall examine the said Prefeators thereof. And therevpon the said Commissioners at the said days and place by their agreement amongst themfelues, shall from time to time openly there prefix a day, at a certain place or places within the limits of their commission, by their discretion for their further proceeding to the said assessing of the same Subsidy, and therevpon at the said day of the said certificat, as is aforesaid, taken, the same Commissioners shall make their precept or precepts to the Constables, fubconstables, Bailiffes, or other officers of such Hundreds, Wapentakes, Townes, or other places aforesaid, as the same Commissioners shall bee of, comprising, and containing in the same precept, the names and surnames of all persons presented before them in the said certificat, of whom if the said Commissioners or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Queenes Commission, shall then have vehement suspect to be of more grerter value or substance in lands, goods, chattels, or fummes of money owing to them, or other substance beforefaid, then vpon such person or persons (hail be certified, the same Commissioners shall make their precept or precepts directed to the Constable,

Baiiffes or other officers, commanding the same Constable, Bailiffes or other officers to whom such precept shall be direfled to warne such persons whole name shall be compriftd in the said precept at their Mansion, or to their persons that the same persons named in such precepts, and euery of them, shall personally appear before the said Commissioners, at the said new' prefixed day and place, there to be examined by all wayes and means (other then by corporall oath) by the said Commissioners, of their greatest substance and bell: value, and of all and euery fummes of money owing to them, and other whatfoeuer matter concerning the premises, or any of them, according to this Act, at which day and

place

APPENDIX.

place prefixed, the said commissioners then and there being, or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Queenes commission, shall cause to be called the said persons whose names shall be comprised in the said precept, as is aforesaid, for their examination. And if any of those persons which lliould be warned, as is aforesaid, to be examined, which at any time after the warning, and before the prefixed day, shall be within such place where he may have knowledge of his said appearance to be made, _ make default, rnd appear not, vnleffe a reasonable cause, or else a reasonable excuse, by the oathes of two credible persons before the said Commissioners, be truly alleged for his discharge, that then euery of them so making default, to be taxed and charged to the Queenes Majesty, with and at the double fummes of the rate that hee Should or ought to have been let at, for and after the bed value of his land or substance vpon him certified, if he had appeared by the discretion of the Commissioners there being, which commissioners shall trauell with euery of the other persons so then and there appearing, whose names shall bee expressed in the said precept or precepts, and in whom any vehement suspect was or shall bee had in form abouefaid, by all such wayes and means they can (other then by corporall oath) for their better knowledge of their bed value, either in hereditaments or pofteflions, either else in goods or debts.

XVI And that euery spirituall person at either of the said taxations of the said Subsidy, shall be rated and fet according to the rate abouefaid, of, and for euery pound that the same spirituall person or any other to his vfe, hath by difeent, bargen or purdiafe, in fee simple, see taile, term of life, term of yecres, by execution, by Ward, or by copy of Court roll, in any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Seruices, Offices, Sees, Corodies, Annuities, or Hereditaments, after the true iud, and yeerely value thereof, after and according as other the Queenes Maiedies fubiedts, born within this reaime, be charged in form aboue remembered, so that it extend to the yeerely value of twenty shillings or aboue.

XVII And if any person certified or rated by virtue of this Act, be he Commissioner or other, to any manner of value doth find himself grieued with the same presentment, lefling or taxing, and thereupon complaine to the Commissioners before whom he shall be rated, sessed, or taxed, or before two of them, that then the said Commissioners shall by all wayes and means examine particularly and distinctly the person so complaining, and other his neighbours by their discretion of euery his Lands and Tenements aboue specified, and of euery his goods, chattels and debts aboue mentioned and after due examination and perfect knowledge thereof had and perceiued by the said Commissioners, which shall have power by the authority aforesaid, the said Commissioners or two of them to whom any such complaint shall bee made, by their diferetions, vpon the oath of the said person so complaining, may abate, defaulke, increase or enlarge the same Affeffinent, according as it shall appear vnto them iuft vpon the same examination. And the same sum so abated, defaulked, increased or enlarged, to be eftreated in form as hereafter enfueth, so that he come before the eftreats of the same aflefling be deiiuered by the same commissioners into the Queenes Maiefties Exchequer. And if it bee prooued by witneflc, his own ccnfeflion, or other lawful wayes or means, within a yeere after any such oath made, that the same person so taxed and fworne, was of any better or greater value in lands, goods, or other things aboue specified, at any time of the said oath, then the same person so fworne, did declare vpon his said oath, that then euery such. person so offending, shall loose and forfeit to the Queenes Majesty so much in lawful money of England, as the same person so fworne was fet at or taxed to pay, and all persons fet, rated and taxed, as is abouefaid, shall bee bound and charged by the same, and the sum or fummes vpon him fet, to be due towards the payment of the said Subfidie, and to be leuyed as hereafter shall be specified.

XVIII And also it is enabled by the same authority, that euery person.to bee rated at the same taxation, as is aforesaid, shall be rated, taxed and fet, and the sum on him fet, to be leuyed at such place where he and his family at the time of the same presentment to be made, shall keep his house or dwelling, or where he then shall be most conuerfant, abiding or reliant, or shall have his mofl resort, •and shall be best knowen at the time of the said certificat to be made, & nowhere else : and that no Commissioner of this Subsidy shall bee rated or taxed for his goods or lands, but in the Shire and other place where he shall be Commissioner. ard that if any person chargeable to this Act, at the time of t he said aflefling, happen to be out of this Reaime, and out of Wales, or far from the place where he shall be knowen, then he to be fet where he was lat abiding in this Reaime, & within Wales, and best knowen, & after the fubflar.ee & value, and other profits of euery person knowen by the examination, certificat, and other manner of wise as is aforesaid. The faitle Commissioners, or as many of them as shall be appointed by the Queenes Maiefties Commission, shall after the rate aforesaid, fet and taxe euery person according to the rate of the substance and value of his Iandes, goods and other profits whereby the greatest and mod best sum, according to his mofl: substance, by reason of this Act, might or may bee fetor taxed.

XIX Prouided alwayes, that euery such person which shall be fetor taxed for payment cf and to this Subsidy, for and after the yeerely value of his Lands, Tenements and other reall possessions, or profits, at any of the said taxations, shall not be fet and taxed for his goods and chattels, or other niooueable substance at the same taxations. And that hee that shall be charged or taxed for the same Subfi y, for his goods, chattels and other mooueables at any of the said taxations, shall not be charged, taxed or chargeable for his lands, or other real] pofteflions and profits abouefaid, at the same taxations, nor that any person be double charged for the said Subsidy, neither fetor taxed at feueral) places by reason of this Act, anything contained in this prefetit Act notwithstanding.

XX And that it be ordained by the said authority of this present Parliament, that no person hauing two mansions or two places to relent vnto, or calling liimfelfe houlhold feruant, or waiting feruant to

4 the

159

APPENDIX.

the Queenes Majesty, or other Lord or Lady, master or miftrefle, be excused vpon his saying from the taxes of the Laid Subsidy in either of the places where he may be fet, vnlefle he bring a certificat. in writing from the Commissioners where that he is so fet in deed at one place. And if any person that ought to be fet, by reason of Iris remoouing or resorting to two places, or by reason of his saying that he elsewhere was taxed, or by reason of any priuiledge by his dwelling or abiding in any place, not being foreprifed in this Act, or otherwise by his couin or craft happen to escape from the said taxations, and be not fet, and that prooued by presentment, examination or information, before the said com missioner, or as many of them as (nail be by the same Commission appointed, or by the Barons of the Queenes Maiefties Exchequer, or two Justices of the peace, of the County where such person dwelleth, then euery such person that by such means or otherwise willingly by couin shall happen to escape from the said taxation or payment aforesaid, and not be taxed, rated and fet, shall be charged vpon the knowledge and proofe thereof, with and at the double value that hee should or ought to have been fet at afore, according to his behauiour, the same double value to be leuied, gathered and paid of his goods and chattels, lands and tenements towards the said Subsidy, and further to be punished according to the discretions of the Barons, Justices, and Commissioners, before whom he shall be conuifted for his offence and deceipt in that behalfe.

XXI And further be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, thaj the said Commissioners of euery com mission, shall according to their diuifions, and after they be diuided, have full power and authority by this Act, to fet, taxe, and fesse euery other Commissioner, ioyned with them in euery such Commission and diuifion, & shall also afleffe euery Affeffor, within their diuifion, for his and their Goods, La rds, and other the premilles, as is abouefaid. By the which said Commission, the said Commissioners shall indifferently fet, taxe and affieffe themfelues, and the said Assessors. And that as well the fummes vpon euery of the said Commissioners and Assessors so affelfed, rated and taxed, as the fummes made and presented by the Prefentors, fvvorne as is abouefaid, shall be written, certified, fet and cftrcated, and the eftreats thereof to be made with other the Inhabitants of those parts within the limits of the same com mission and diuifion, foto be gathered and leuied, in like manner as it ought or should have been, if the said Commissioners had not been in the said Commission. And that all persons of the estate of a Baron or Barons, and euery estate aboue, shall bee charged with their freehold and value, as is abouefaid, by the Chancellor or Keeper of the great Seal, Treasurer of England, Lord President of the Queenes Maiefties priuy Counfell, and Lord priuy Seal for the time being, or other persons by the Queenes Maiefties authority to be limited, and they to be charged for the said feuerall payments of the said Subsidy, after the form of the said Grant, according to the taxation aforesaid, and the fummes vpon them fet, with the names of the Collectors appointed for the gathering and paying of the same, to bee eftreated, deliuered and certified, at days and places aboue specified, by the Lord Chancellor, or Keeper of the great Seal, Treasurer, Lord President of the Counfell, and Lord priuie Seal for the time being, or such other persons as shall bee limited by the Queenes Majesty. And after the taxes and affeffes of the said fummes vpon and by the said assessing and certificat, as is aforesaid, made, the said Commissioners, or as many of them as shall be thereunto appointed by the Queenes Maiefties commission, shall with all speed, and without delay, by the writing eftreated of the said taxe thereof, vnder the Seales and signes manuell of the said Commissioners, or as many of them as shall be appointed at the least, to be made, be deliuered vnto sufficient and substantial Inhabitants, Constables, fubecnftables, Baililfes, and other officers, ioyntly, of hundreds, townes, parishes, and. other places aforesaid, within their limits, or to other sufficient persons Inhabitants of the same only, by the discretion of the said Commissioners, and as the place and parties shall require, as well the particular names and surnames, as the remembrance of all fummes of money, taxed and fet, of and vpon euery personas well man as woman, chargeable to this Act, householder, and all other Inhabitants and dwellers within the said parishes, townes and places contributory to this Act of Subsidy. By authority of which writing or eftreat so deliuered, the said officers and other persons so named and deputed feuerally, shall have full power and authority by virtue of this Act, immediately after the deliuery of the said writing or eftreat, to demaund, leuy, and gather of euery person therin specified, the sum or fummes in the same writing or eftreat comprised, and for non payment thereof, to diftraine the same person or persons so being behind, by their goods and chattels, and the diftrefle so taken, to keep by the space of eight days, at the codes and charges of the owner thereof. And if the said owner doe not pay such sum of money as shall be taxed by this Act, within the same eight days, then the same diftrefle to be appraised by foure, three or two of the Inhabitants where such diftrefle is taken, & also to be sold by the said Ccuftable or other Colieftor, for the paiment of the said money, and the ouerplus comming of the say and keeping thereof (if any be) to bee immediately restored to the owner of the same diffreffe, which said officers and other persons so deputed to ask, take, gather, and leuie, the said fummes, shall an fwere and be charged for the portion only to them assigned or limited, to be gathered, leuied, and ccm prised in the said writing or eftreat foto them (as is aforesaid) deliuered, to the vfe of our Souera; gne' Lady the Queenes Majesty, and her heires, and successors. And the said sum in that writing or eftreat C mprifed, to pay vnto the high Colleftfor or Collectors of the place for the collection of the same, in manner and form vnder written, thereunto to be named and.deputed, and the same inhabitants and officers so gathering the same particular fummes, for their colieftion thereof, shall retaine for euery twenty billings so by them receiuea and paid, twopence, and that to be allowed at the payment of their colieftion by them to be made to the high Colieftor or Collectors.

XXII And further be it enacted by tyre said authoritie, that the said Commissioners, or the more part of t' em, as shall take vpon them the execution and bufinefic of the said Commission, shall for either of the same payments of the said Subfidie, name such fuificient and able persons, which then shall have

possessed

io

APPENDIX.

poflcflcd lands, and other hereditaments, in their own right, of the yeereiy value of twentie pounds, or goods, to the value of two hundred markes at the leaf!:. And the persons feuerally by the diferetions of the same Commissioners, in Shires, Ridings, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Cities, Townes corporat, and other whatfocuer places, as well within places priuiledged as without not being foreprifed within this A (SI, to be high Collectors, and have the collection and receipt of the said sums, fet andlcuiable within, the precinct, limit, and bounds where they fhallbe so limited to gather and receiue, to cuery of the which Collectors so feucrally named, the said Commissioners, or two of them at the leaf!, shall with all fneed Iz without delay, after the said whole turn of the said fubfidie, be fet by all the limits of the same their commjffion, or in such limits as the high Collectors fhalbe so feuerally assigned, shall vnder their feales k signes tnanuell, deliuer one eftreat indented in parchment to euery of the said high Collectors, compiling in it the names of all such persons as were assigned t leuie the said particular sums, and the sums of euery Hundred, wapentake, town or other place aforesaid, with the names and surnames of the persons so chargeable, according to the eftreat so first thereof made, as is aforesaid, and deliuered, and rl.e Collector to be assigned, shall be charged to anfwere the whole sum comprised in the said eftreat limited to his collection, as is aforesaid. 3- <

XXIII Prouided alwayes, and be it enacted by the authorise aforesaid, that the said Commissioners hauing authority by this act, to name and nominate the said high Collectors of the said Subfidie, shall immeaiatly vpon the nomination and election, take by authority of this present Parliament, sufficient re, cognifances or obligations, without any fee or reward to be paid therefore of euery person so by them to be named to be high Collector, to be bound to the Queens Majesty in the double sum of the sum of his collection, and to bee endorsed and made vpon such condition : that is to say, for the Collection

The conditions of the said first paiment of the said Subfidie, ‘ that if the said Collector, his heires or executors do truly the e'olleflc^s * colltent anc Paj ^; eve of the Queens Maieltie, her heires or executors, in the receipt of the said of the subfidie. 4 Exchequer, before the said foure and twentieth day of Iune next comming, so much of the furr. me 4 of money allotted and appointed to his collection, as he shall coliect and gather, and content and pay 4 the residue of his collection and charge, within one month next after such time as lie hath gathered 4 and collected the same residue, that then the said recognisance or obligation to be void, or else to stand 4 in full (Length and vertue.' And for the collection of the second paiment of the said Sublidie, vpon The like for the condition, ‘ that if the said Collector, his heires or executors, doe truly content and pay to the vfe of second paiment. ‘ the Queens Majesty, her heires or executors, in her receipt of the Exchequer, before the first day of 4 March, which fhalbe in the year of our Lord God a thousand fiuc hundred fifty nine, so much of the ‘ said sum of money allotted & appointed to his collection, as he shall coliect and gather, Sz content and 4 pay the residue of his collection and charge, within one month next after such time as lie hath ga 4 thered and collected the same residue: : then the said recogifance or obligation to be void, or els.to 4 stand in full (Length and virtue which said feueral recognifances or obligations so taken, the said Commissioners shall feuerally certify & deliuer into the Queens Maiefties Exchequer, with the feueral certificats of the said taxations & rates of the payments of the said Subsidy, at & by the time to them prescribed & appointed by this act, for the certificat of the said feueral taxations of the said Subsidy, vpon pain of forfeiture of XLI to the Queens Majesty, for euery recognisance or obligation not certified. And that euery such collector so elected named & cliofen, vpon request to him made, shall knowledge & make the said recognisance cr obligation, vpon like paine and forfeiture of XLI to the Queenes Majesty for the refufall thereof, and euery Collector so deputed, hauing the said eftreat in parchment, as is aforesaid, shall have authority by this act, to appoint days and places within the circuit of his Collection, for the 'payment of the said Subsidy, to him to be made, and thereof to giue warning by Proclamation or otherwise, to all the Constables or other persons, or Inhabitants, hauing the charge of the particular collection, within the Hundreds, Pariihes, Townes, or other places by him or them limited to make payment' for their said particular Collection of euery sum, as to them shall appertaine. And if at the said day'and place so limited and prefixed by the said Collector, the said Constable, Officers, or other persons or inhabitants, as is aforesaid, for the said particular collection, assigned and appointed within the Hundred, City, Town, orotherplr.ee, doe not pay vnto the said Collectors, the sum within their feuerall Hundreds, Townes, Pariihes, or other places due and comprised in the said eftreat thereof, to him deliuered by the said Commissioners, or some of them, as is aforesaid, or so much thereof as they have by any meanc receiued twopence of euery pound for the said particular collection as is aforesaid, alwayes to be thereof allowed, excepted and abated, that then it shall be aw full to the said high Collectors, and euery of them, and to their assignes, to diftreine euery of the said Constables, Officers, and other inhabitants, for their said feuerall and particular collection of the said fumm.es comprised in the said eftreat and writing thereof, to them and euery of them, as is before expressed, deliuered, or forafinuch of the sum as so then shall happen to be gathered and leuyed, and be behind and vnpaid, by the goods and chattels of euery of them, so being behind. And the diftrefle so taken, to bee kept appraised, and solde as is aforesaid, and thereof to take and leuy the fummes so then being behind and vnpaid. And the ouerplus comming of the sale of the said diftrefle (if any be) to be restored and deliuered unto the owner, in form aboue remembered.

XXIV Prouided alwayes, that no person inhabiting iri any City, Borough or Town corporate, fhallbe compelled to be an afleftor or Collector, of, or for any part of the Subsidy, in any place or places out of 'the said City, Borough or Town corporate, where he dwelleth.

XXV ..And it is also by the said authority enacted, That if any inhabitant or officer, or whatfoeuer person or persons charged to and for the collection or receipt of any part or portion of the said Subfidie, by any manner of means, according to this act, or any person or persons for themselves, or as keeper, gardian, deputy, factor or Attourney, of, or for any other person or persons, of any goods and chattels.

At b: Pi Ei a d i X 161

tejs, whereof'the owner thereof, at the time of the said aflpfling to bee made, ^eing out of this Realm, or in any other parts not knowne, or of and for .the goods' and chattels of any bther person or persons, of; any corporation, frater njtie, mysteries, or other whatfoeiier comonaltie, being iiicorpoiat or not in • and all persons, hauing in their rule, gouernance'and custody, any goods of chattels at the time of .the said afleoing, or any of them, to be madej or., .which for any cause, for and by collection, or for ltimfelfe, or for any other, or by reason that he hath the rule, gouernance or custody of any goods or chattels, of any, other person or persons, corporation, commonaltie, fraternity, guild 'or mysteries, or such, other h'k^(prjas£a factor * of, or for any person, 'lhalbe taxed, rated,, falued and fet to any futpme ‘or/ummes gy.reafomof this. A, ft, and after the taxation or assessing vpon any such person or perionsjbs, ffiialbe charged with the receipt of the same happen to die, or depart from the place where lie. was so taxed and fetor his goods.or chattels be so eloyned, or in such prime and couert manner kept, as the said person or persons, charged with the same, by eftreats, or other wridngs, from the said Commissioners, or as many of them as fiiall be there vnto appointed by the said Commission, as is aforesaid, can, nor may same the faihe'fuinffie or famines, comprised within the rathe ellreats, by diftrefle, within the limits of their cpllebtion, as is aforesaid, or cannot sell such diftrefle or diftreflbs, as be taken for any of the said payments, before, the time limited to the high collebtor, for his payment to be made in the Queenes Maiefties receipt, then vpon relation'thereof, 'with due examination, by the. oth or examination of such person. or persons, as. shall be. charged with and for the receipt and collection the same before the said commissioners, or as many of them as by the said commission shall be thereunto appointed, where such person or persons, brother as is aforesaid, their goods and chattels, were fet and taxed, and vpon pjaitie certificat thereof made' in the Queenes Maiefties Excheker by the same commissioners, as well of the dwelling place, names, and 'fummes of the said persons, of whom the' said fummes cannot bee leuied and had as is. aforesaid, then afwell the conflables and other inhabitants appointed for the said, particular cpllebtion, agaicvfh the high collebtor vpon the account and othin the said Excheker, to bee discharged thereof; and pfqcefle to bee made for the Queenes Majesty out of the said Excheker, by the discretion of the bavons of. the. said Excheker 'against such person, his heircs or exccu tours, so being behind with his paymerit. And ouer that the same commihioner to whom any such declaration of the preniifles shall bee made in forriie. aforesaid, from time to time, shall have full power and authority to djrebt their precept or precepts vntp the said person; or persons charged with any sum, of, for or vpon any. such. person or persons, or other as is aforesaid, or to any'other Shiriffe, Seward,

Bailiffe, or,, other whatfoeiier, officer, minister, person. or perfgns, of such,, or places where any such person or persons so owing, such fumme.br lummes shall liaue lands' .and tenements, or other here -- ditaments, cr real! possessions, goods, and ' chattels, whereby any;. fy'ch person or persons so indebted, his heires, executours, 6r: assignes, ‘gr other haui'ng the, custody, gpljernance, or'difppfitionj.; of; any gobds, chattels, ‘ lands, or tenements, or other hereditaments, or which ought or'may by, this Atft lawfully be diftreined, or tpken for the same, hatband shall have, goods, chattels, lands, tenements, or other possessions, whereof such sum or fummes, which by any such person or persons may or ought to be levied, be it within the limits of such commission, where such perfdn'or persons was and were taxed, or without, in any place within thisfrealme of 'England, Wfilesy brother ship qpeenes'.majesties dominions, marches orrterretories, .by which precept afwell such 'person, of'persons, as ftiall bexhargefl .to 'lejuic such' money, as, the officers, of the place or places, "where. Xdch" diftretle|j^ay betaken, .ffialp natle" full powder and authority,, to diftreine. .euery such person indebted, charged, ard chargeable by this A, of hise'xe cutours or adminiftratbrs of ihis'gpbds and chattels, - his gardians, rfafiprs, ‘ deputies, leafees, farmer's, assignes, and all other' persons; by wliofe hands of but of whole lands, .any fubh person should hade rent, see, annuity, or other profit, or' which at any time of the said afleffings, ' shall have goods or chattels, or any other thing' mooueable, of any such person or persons, being 'indebted, crowing such sum, and the.diftrefle so taken', caused to be kept, apprailed, and sold, in like manner and form as is aforesaid, for the diftrefle to bee'taken vpon such persons to 'bee, ta^cd to the said Subfidie,. and being sufficient to diftreine within the lemits.' of the collectors", inhab!taf\gf, pf. pthef 'officers, chargedwith, or for the same fummes,, so vpon them tb.be. taxed. And if, any such diftrefte'fof nonpayment, happen to bee taken out of the limit of the said persons, (charged ana/afligned to jeuie the same, the persons so charged for the leuie of any such fumnie by diftrefte, Shall receiue and take of the same 'diftrefle, for the labour of euery person, going for execution thereof, for euery mile that any such p.crfoli so lafipureth for the same, two pense. And euery farmer, tenant, gardian, fabtor, or other whatfoeiier person being diftreined, or otherwise charged for paiment' of any sum or fummes, or any other sum by reason of this Abt, shall bee of such sum of fummes of him or them to bee leuied aiid taken, discharged' and acquited at his next day of paiment of the same, or at ‘the deliuerie of such goods and chattels, as, hee that is so diftreined had in his custody and gouernance, against him or them that shall bee so taxed or let, any grant or writing obligatorie, or other whatfoeuer matter to the contrary made heretofore' notwitli handing. And if any such person that ftiould.be so diftreined, have no lands or tenements sufficient whereby hee or his tenants and farmours may bee diftreined, or hath eloined, aliened, or hid his goods and chattels, whereby hee should or might bee diftreined, in'such manner, that such goods and chattels shall not bee knowne or sound, so that the sum, of, or by him to be paid in the said form, shall, nor can conueniently be leuied: then vpon relation thereof to the Commissioners, or to as many of •them as by the said Commission llialbe thereunto appointed, where such person or persons was 'taxcd and fet, by the oths of him or them that shall bee charged with the leuie and payment of that fufiune or fummes, the same Commissioners shall make a precept in such manner as is aforesaid, for to attach, take, and arrest, the body of such person or persons, that ought to pay the said fummes, and by this Abt shall be charged with, and for the said sum and fummes, and them so taken, safely to keep in prion APPEND. Y..... within

162

APPENDIX.

within the Shire or other place, where any such person or persons shall he taken and attached, there tofljj maine without bade or mainprife, vntil he hath paid the famc'fumrne br Turns, that such person foi lfiitfp.' self, or for any other, by this Act shall be'chargeable or ought to be charged withal. And also for the fees of euery such arrest, to him or them that shall execute such precept twenty penfei And that euery officer vnto whom such precept shall be directed, doe his true diligence, ' and execute the same vpbn euery person so being indebted, vpon paine to forfeit to the Queenes Majesty for eilery default in that behalfe, twenty Shillings. And that no keeper of any gaole, from his gable suffer any such person to go at hrgfe by letting to bade or otherwise, to depart out of his prison, before : he have paid histaiddebt, and the said twenty pence for the said arrest' ' name to. forfeit to the Queehes majestie‘ forty Shillings. And. the same gaoler to pay vnto the Queenes Majesty the double value, as weihof the rate' which the said person so imprisoned was taxed at, as of the said twenty pence for the 'fees, and like procefle and reme r dy in like form shall be granted by the said Commissioners, or as many of them as by the said com mission shall be thereunto appointed, at like information of, euery person or persons, being charged with any sum of money, for any other person or persons, by ‘rcafon of the said Subfiaie, and mot thereof payd, but wilfully withdrawne, nor the same leuiable without the limits where such persons were thereunto taxed. And if the fumme1 or fummes being behind ynpayd by any person or pferfons, as is aforfe ^ said to be leuied & gathered by force of the said proceffe, to be made by the said'commissioners, bliss in default, or for lacke of painrent thereof, the person or persons so owing the said sum or fiirhs of money, by proccflc of the same Commissioners, to be made as is aforesaid, be'committed tb prison in form abouefaid, that then the said Commissioners'which shall award such procefle, shall make certificat thereof in the said Exchequer, of that (halbe done in the premilfes, in the Term next following, after such sum or sums of money so being behind, fhalbe leuied and gathered, or such person or persons for non paiment of the same committed to prison. And if it happen any of the said Collectors to be assigned, or any Maiors, (hiriffs, steward, constablej the headborougn, burihoider, baiiiffe, or any 'other officer or minister, or other whatfoeuer person or persons, to disobey the said Commifffoners, or any b!f them', in the reasonable request to them .made by the said Commissioners, for ■ execution of die said commission, or if any of the officers or other persons do refnle that to them shall apperteine and belong to doe, by reason of any precept to him or them to be directed, or any reasonable comrnandfthent, instance or request, touching the premises, or other default in any appearance or collection to make, or if any .person being suspect, or not to be indifferently taxed, as is aforesaid, doe refuse to be examined according to the tenor of this Act before the said Commissioriers, or as many of them as (halbe thereunto assigned, as is aforesaid, or wi] not appeare'before the same, Commissioners, vpbn. warning to him made, or else make resistance or refcous, Vpbn any diftreffe vpon him to be taken for any parcell of the said' Subfidie, or commit any misbeh'auiour in any manner of wise, contrary to this Act, or commit any wilful! omiffidn, or other whatfoeuer wilful not doing or rhifcloing, contrary tb the tenor .of this'aft or grant, the same Commissioners, and euery number offthein' aboue remembered, or two of'them at the lead, vpon probable knowledge of any such misdemeanours had by information or examination, shall .'and may fet vpon euery such offender for euery such offence, iri name of a fine by the same offender to be forfeited sortie Shillings or vnder, by the discretion of the same Commissioners '■> ■ ' ■■ e ' •

XXVL And further, the same Commissioners, and euery number bf them, 'or' two of them at the lead, shall have authoritie by this present Aft, to punish euery such offender by imprisonment' ' to remaine, and to bee deliuered by their discretion as shall seem to; theiri conuenient, the said fines, if any such bee, to be certified by the said Commissioners rhat so assessed the same, into the Queens ma ieities said Exchequer, there to be leuied & paid by the Collectors of those parts for the said Subfidie, returned into the said Exchequer, to be therewith charged with the paiment. of the said Subfidie, in such manner as if the said fines had bene fet and taxed vpon the said offenders for the said Subsidy.

XXVII It is also enacted by the said authority of this Parliament, That euery of the said high coi leftors, which (hai account for any part of the said Subsidy, in the said Exchequer, vpontheir feuerall said accounts to be yeeided, (lialbe .allowed' at euery of the said paiments of the said Subsidy, for euery pound limited to his collection, whereof any such Collector (halbe charged, and .yeel d account VI d. as parcell of their charge, that is to say, of euery pound thereof, for such person as'then llauehad the particular collection in the townes and other places, as is aforesaid, specified in his collection, twopence, and other twopence of euery pound thereof, euery of the said chief Collectors, or their accomptants, to reteine to their own vfe for their labour and charge, in, and about the premises, and twopence of euery pound residue to be deliuered, 'allbwed and payd for the said Collectors, so being thereof allowed, to'such of the Commissioners as shall take vpon them the' business and labour, for, and about the premises (that is to say) euery Collector to pay that Commifiioner br Commissioneis which had the ordering bf the writings, of, and for the said Subsidy, where the said Collector or Collectors'had their collection, for expenses of the said Commissioners, so taking vpon them the said business, and labour of their Clerks, writing the said precepts & eftreats for the said collections, the same raft twopence of euery pound to be diuided amongst the said Commissioners, halting regard to their labour and business taken by them or their said clerks, in & about the premises, for the which part foto the said commis iioners atteining, the said Commissioners. fixe, fiue, foure, three, or as many of them as (lialbe thereunto appointed by the. Queenes Maiefties Commifiion, & euery of them ioyntly and feueraliy for his and their said part, may have his remedy against the said Colieftor or Collectors, which thereof bin and might have bin allowed, by Action of debt, in which the defendant shall not wage his Law, neither protection, neither Iniunftion, or other Effoine shall be allowed. And that no person now being of the number of the company of this present Parliament, nor any Commifiioner, shall be named or assigned to be any Colieftor or fub collector or prefentor of the said Subsidy, or of any part thereof, nor no Commissioners

A P P E N D I X 163

ers (halbe compelled: to make any presentment or certificatr, other then in the Qpeenes Maiefties said Exchequer, ofy for, or concerning the said Subsidy, or any part thereof. And likewise, that none other person that (halbe named or alligned to bee Commissioners in any place, to & for the execution of this act of Subsidy, be or shall be assigned or named, head Collectors of any of the payments of the said Subsidy, neither of any part thereof.' And that euery such person or persons, which (halbe named and appointed as is aforesaid, to be head Collectors, in and for the first paiments of this Subsidy, (lial not be compelled to be Collector for the second paiment of the said Subsidy, or for any part thereof. And the said Collectors which (halbe assigned for the collection of the said Subsidy, or for any part thereof, & euery of them, be and shall be; acquited and discharged of all manner fees, rewards, & of euery other charges in the Q. Maiefties Exchequer, or elsewhere, of them or any of them, by reason of that collection, paiment, or accounts, or anything concerning the same to be asked. And that if any person receiue and take any fees, rewards, or pleasures of any such account, that then he shall forfeit to the Queenes Majesty for euery penny, or the value of penie so taken V s. and suffer imprisonment at the •queens Maiefties pleasure. And after, the taxing and afiefling of the said Subsidy, as is aforesaid, had or made, and the said eftreates therof in parchment, vnto the. Collector in manner and form before rehearsed, deliuered, the said Commissioners which shall take vpon them the execution of this act, within the limits of their commission, by their agreements shall have meeting together, at which meeting euery of the said commissioners which then shall have taken vpon them the execution of any part or the fa yd commission, shall by himself, or by his sufficient Deputy, truly certify and .bring foorth vnto the said tommissioners named in the said commission, the certificate and presentment made before him, and such other commissioners as were limited with him in one limit, so that the same certificate may be accounted and call with the other Certificates of the other limits within the same Commifiion: and then the said Commissioners, and euery number of them, .vnto two, at the lead, as is aforefayd, if any be in life, or their executors or administrators of their goods, 1 if they then be dead, shall iointly and "feuerally as they were diuided within their limits, vnder their feales by their discretion, make one or feuerall writings indented, containing in it afwell the names of the said colleclors by the Commissioners, for such collection and account in the Efehequer, and paiment in the said receipt, deputed and assigned, as the gross and feuerall fummes written vnto euery such collector, to receiue the said Subfidie. And also all fines, amerciaments, and other forfeitures, if any such by reason: of this Act happen to be within the ..recinct and limit of their Commission, to be certified into the. Queenes Maiefties said Efehequer by the said Commissioners, in which writing or writings, indented, foto be certified, shall be plainly declared and exprelled, the whole and entire sum or fummes of the said. Subfidie, feuerally limited to the collection of the said collector, ' feuerally deputed and assigned to the collection of the said sums, so that none of the said collectors so certified in the said Efehequer, lhallibe, compelled there to account or to be charged, put only to and for the sum limited to his collection, - and. not to or for any sum limited to'the collection of his fellow, but that euery of ..them, shall be feuerally charged for their part, limited to their collection. 1 And. if the (ayd commissioners ioyned in one rcommission, amongst themfelues in in that matter cannot agree, or if any of them be not ready, or refuse to make Certificate with other of the same: commissioners, that then the lame commissioners may make feuerall indentures in form aforefayd, of. their feuerall limits or reparations, of collectors, within the limitsiofrtheir commission • and in the hundreds, wards, wapentakes, laths, rapes, or such other like diuifions within their said feuerall limits of their commission, as the places there shall require to be feuercd and diuided, and as the same commissioners shall seem good to make.diuifions of their limits or collections, for the feuerall charges of the same Collectors, So that always, one Collector shall be charged and account for his part to him to be limited only by himself, and not for any sum limited to the. part of any of his tellowes, and the charges of euery of the Collectors,, to be fet .and certified feuerally vpon them: and euery such collector vpon his account and paiment of: the sum. of money limited within his Collection, to be feuerally by himself acquited and discharged in the said Elchequer, without paying any mirier fees or rewards' to any person or persons for the' same, 'vpon the 'paine and penaltie laft.abouefaid, and not to be charged for any portion of any other collector. And if any Commissioner after, hee hath taken Certificate ol them, that, as is aforefayd, shall before any such Commissioner be examined, .and the fummes rated and fet, and the bookes and writings thereof being in his hands, or if any .Collector or other person charged with any receipt of any part of the said Sublidie, or any other person taxed, or otherwise by this Act charged with, and for any parcell of the said Subfidie, or with any other fummes, or fines, amerciament, penaltie, or other forfeiture, happen to die before the Commissioner, Collector, or other whatfoeuer person or persons, have executed, accomplished, satisfied, or sufficiently discharged, that which to euery such person shall appertaine or belong to doe, according to this act, then the executors and heires of euery such person, and all other seized of any lands or tenements, that any such person being charged by this act, and deceffing before he be..discharged thereof, or any other to his vfe only had of estate 01 inheritance, at the time that any such person was named commissioner, collector, or otherwise charged with and for any manner of thing to be done, satisfied, or paid by reason of this act, and all those that have in their possessions or hands, any goods or chattels, leases or other things that were to any such person or persons, at the time of his death, or any lands or tenements, that were the same persons at the time he was, as is aforefayd, charged by this act, shall be .by the same compelled and charged to doe and accomplifti to doe in euery case, as the same .person so being charged (hold have done, and might have been compelled to doe, if he had been in plain life, after such rate of the lands and goods of the said commissioner or collector, as the party shall have in his hand: and if the said commissioners for causes reasonable them moouing, shall think it not conuenient to ioyne in one

.n y z. r At „j< 0. t. Certificate,

164

APPENDIX.

Certificate, as is beforefaid, then the said person or persons, that (hallfirft ibirie together, or he that shall first certify the said writing indented, as is aforesaid, shall certified all the names of the. commissioners of that commission, whereupon such writings hall be there then to be certified, ': with diuifions of the hundreds, wapentakes, wards, tithings, or other places, to and among such commissioners'of the same commission, with the names of the same commissioners, where such reparation and diuifion shall be, with the grofie lummes of money, afwell of and for the said Subfidie, taxed, or fet, .of, or within the said hundreds, wards, wapentakes, 'or other places, to him‘or them diuided Or afilgned, 'that shall so, certify the said first writing, as of fines, amerciaments, penalties, or Other forfeitures, 'if any. happen'.to be within the same limits, whereof the same writings shall be certified, and after ifueh writing; indented, which as is aforefayd, shall be certified, and not containe in it the whole and full fummes, fet and taxed within the limits of the same Commission, the other commissioners of the same, before the day of pai ment of the said Subfidie, shall certify vnto the said Efchequer, 'by their writing or writings indented, to be made as is aforefayd, the grofie and feuerall fummes, let and taxed within the places to them limited for the said Subfidie, and other fines, amerciaments, 'penalties and forfeiture, with the names of the hundreds, wards, wapentakes, and other places to them assigned, or else.by. their said writings, indented, to certify at the said place, before the said day of paiment, such reasonable causes for their excuses, why they may not make such certificate, of, and for the said Subfidie, ■ fines, amerciaments, and other forfeitures, growing or fet by reason of the causes of their leets, or of their non certifying, as is abouefayrf, or die in default thereof, Proceffe to be made out of the Queenes Maiefties said ec chequer, against the said commissioners, and euery of them, not making certificate as is aforefayd, by the discretion of the treafuror, or Barons of the layd Efchequer.

XXVIII Prouided alwayes^ and be it enacted by the authorise aforefayd, that the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Martin, called 5tampford Baron, in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stamp ford, in the South part of the water there called Welland, which hereafter shall be contributorie to the paiment of this present Subfidie, granted to the Queenes Majesty, her heires and successors, (halbe assessed, rated, and taxed for this time by such commissioners which shall be appointed for the taxing, rating, and fefting of such Subfidie or taxe within the County of Lincolne, and shall be for this time contributorie, and pay the said Subsidy to the Colledlor or colledlorsj which shall be assigned and appointed for the leuying and gathering of the same, with the Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough and Town of Starnpford.

XXIX Prouided alwayes, and be it, enacted by the authoritie aforefayd, that all and euery person and persons, hauing manors, lands, tenement's, and other hereditaments, chargeableito, the paiment of. the Subfidie, granted to the Queenes maieffy'by this Act, and also hauing Spirituall possessions, chargeable to her said Majesty by the grant made by the Cleargi& of this Realm in their conuocation, and, ouer this hauing fubitanee in goods and chattels chargeable by this said Act, that then if any of the said person or persons be heereafter charged, 'assessed, and taxed for the said manors, lands, .and tenements, and Spirituall possessions, and also assessed, charged, and taxed for his or their goods, and chattels, that then he or they shall be'onely charged by virtue of this Act, for his and their said manors, ■ lands, tenements, hereditaments, and Spirituall possessions, or only for his, said goods and chattels, the belt thereof to be taken for the Queenes Majesty, and not to be charged for both,; or double charged for any of them, anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX Prouided alwaies, that this grant of Subsidy, nor anything therein contained,. in anywise

extend to charge the inhabitants or dwellers in Ireland, lernfeie, and Garnfeie, or any of them, of, or concerning any manors, lands, tenements, or other possessions, goods, chattels, or other moueable fub ftanee which the said inhabitants or dwellers, or any. to their vfe, have within Ireland, lernfeie, and Garnfeie, or in any of them, or of, for, or concerning any fees or wages, which any of the said inhabitants or dwellers have of the Queenes Majesty for their attendance and doing feruice to our Souereigne Lady, in Ireland, lernefeie, Garnejeie, or in any of them : anything in this present Adito the contrary in any wise notwithstanding....

XXXI Prouided also, that this present Act of Subsidy, northeast anything therein contained, extend to any

of the English inhabitants, or refiants In any of the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, weflmer land, the Town of Barwike, the Town of Newcajlell vpon Tine, and the Bifhopricke of Durham, nor to any of them, of, for, or concerning any manors, lands, tenements, or other possessions, goods, chattels, or other moueable substance, which the same inhabitants or dwellers, or any other to their vfe, have within the said Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Wejlmerland, or the Town of Barwike, the Town of Newcajlell vpon Tine, or the Bifhopricke of Durham, or any of them, or of, for, or concerning any fees or wages which any of the said inhabitants or dwellers have of the Queenes Majesty, for their attendance and doing feruice to the Queenes Majesty, for or within the said Counties of Northumberland, Cumberlatid, Ivejlmerland, the town of Barwike, the town of Newcajlell vpon Tine, and the Bifhopricke of Durham, or any of them, to or for the said taxing, leuying, gathering, or paiment, but that the English inhabitants, and refiants, and euery of them, of the said Counties, bishop ricke, and Townes, and euery of them, shall be of and from the said Subsidy, and euery parcell thereof, and for their manors, lands, tenements, sees, wages, goodsj and chattels, lying and being in the said Counties, Townes, and Bifhopricke, or any of them, vtterly acquited and discharged, anything in this present Act before rehearsed to the contrary notwithstanding ■;

XXXII Prouided alfoj that all letters patents, granted by the Queenes Majesty, or any of her mod ncible Progenitors, to any Cities, Boroughs or Townes, within this Realm, of any manner of liberties, priviledges, or exemptions, from the burden and charge of any such grants of Subsidies, which be at this present time in force and vaileable, shall remaine good and eftedluall to the said Cities, Boroughs and Townes heereafter, according to the Purports thereof, though the inhabitants of the same, shall vpon the

great

APPENDIX.

great and weighty confederation of the grant aforefayd, be for this grant charged and contributorie, in like manner, form, and fort, as other Cities, Boroughs, and Townes, which be not in any wise priuiledged, be from such grant of Subfidie excepted.

XXXIII Prouided aiwayes, and be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that no Orphant, or Infan,

within the age of one and twenty yeeres, born within any the Queenes Maicfties Dominions, flail be charged to any paiment of this Subsidy, for his or her goods, and chattels, to him or her left or bequeathed. anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding ■, •

Prouided also, that this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to the goods or lands of any College, hall, or hoftell, within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of them, or to the goods or lands of the college of Winton, founded by Bishop Wickham, or to the goods or lands of the college of Eaton next Windsor, or to the goods or lands of any common free Grnmmer fchoole within the Realm of England or Wales, or to the Goods of any Reader, Schoolemafter, or Scholler, or any Graduat within the said Universities and colleges, or any of them, there remaining for study, without fraud or, couin, or to the goods and lands of any Hofpitall, meafon de dieu, or Spittell house, prepared and vfed for the sustentation and reliefe of poor people, anything in this Act contained to the contrary, in any wise not with Handing.

‘ XXXV Prouided also, and be it enacted that forasmuch as diverse and sundry of the Queenes ‘ Maielties tenants, and other inhabitants and dwellers within the Counties of Penbroke, Carmarthen, ‘ Cardigan, Glamorgan, Brecknocke, Radnor, Montgomerie, Denbigh, Flint, Merioneth, Anglefeie, Carnar' uan and of the County Palentine of Chester, be at this present time charged and chargeable with the ‘ i'euerall paiments of diverse great fummes of money by the name of mise, due to her Majesty, accord ‘ ing to the feuerall customes of the.said Counties.'

XXXVI Be therefore ordained and enacted by the authority aforefayd, that this Act df Subfidie^ or anything therein contained, shall not extend to charge any of the Queenes tenants, and other inhabitants and dwellers within any of the said Counties of Penbroke, Carmarthen, Cardigan, Glamorgan, Breckettocke, Radnor, Montgomerie, Denbigh, Flint, Merioneth, Anglefeie, Carnaruan, and the County Palantine of Chester, being charged or chargeable with the said mise, for, or in any of the paiments of the said Subfidie granted to the Queenes Majesty by this Act, vntill the said feuerall days and times, for the paiment of the said mises, shall be expired, and vntill the days and times of the feuerall Subsidies, lately granted to our late Souereigne Lord and Souereigne Lady, King Philip, and Queen Marie, be also part and expired : and that then the first paiment of the said Subfidie granted by this present Act, (halbe made at the receipt of the Queenes Exchequer, before the first day of March next following, after the last days of the last paiment to be had or appointed of the said mises, and of the paiment of the said former Subsidies. And the second paiment of this Subsidy, to be made by or before the first day of March next after the said first paiment of the said Subfidie.

XXXVII Furthermore, be it enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, that the tenants and dwellers of euery of the said Counties in this prouifo remembered, shall feuerally before the feast of Pentecost next infuing, certify into the said Court of Exchequer, vnder the feales of two Justices of Peace of euery of the said Counties, whereof one to be of the Quorum, when and what day the last paiment of the said feuerall Mises now due in any of the said Courts, shall end and expire.

XXXVIII Prouided also, that the said grant of Subfidie, or any other thing therein contained, doe not in any wise extend to be preiudiciall or hurtfull to the inhabitants or refiants at this present time within the fiue ports corporate, or to any of their members incorporate, or vnited to the same fiue ports, or to any of the same fiue ports, of, or for any part or parcell of the said fummes granted in this Parliament of the said inhabitants now reliant, or any of them, to be taxed, fet, aficed, Ieuied, or payd. But the said inhabitants and refiants in the said fiue ports, and their members, be and shall be of, and from the said grant and paiment of the said Subsidy, during their reliance there, and no longer, cleerely acquitted and discharged : any matter, or whatfoeuer thing in this present Act had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

Anno

1

l66

APPENDIX

Anno obauo Reginas Elizabeth.

At the Parliament by prorogation held at Westminster the last day'of September, in the eight yeere of the raigne of our late Soueraigne Lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, France, and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, C and there continued, to the end and diil'olution of the same.

CAP. X

An act for Bowyers, and the prices of Bows.

4 "pk fv OST humbly complaining, (heweth vnto your Higbnefle, and to your high Court of Parlia 4 L ment> your obedient fubiedls, the Bowyers, dwelling and inhabiting within the City of Lon

4 X ▼ JL don, and the Suburbs of the same: That where in the Parliament of the late King of mod

4 famous memory, King Henrie the eight, begun and held at Wejlminjier, the XVI day of January, 4 in the XXXIII yeere of the raigne of the said late King, and there continued vntill the first day of 4 Aprill then next following, there was one Act and Statute then made and prouided, entitled : an

4 Act for the maintenance of Artillery, and debarring of vnlawfull garnet. In which Act and Statute,

‘ amongst other things there is one branch contained and specified: : tenor whereof is, as heere 4 after followeth. That is to say : And to the intent, that euery person may have Bows of meane price, 4 be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that euery Bowyer, dwelling out of the City of London, shall 4 after the feast of the Purification of our Lady then next eomming, for euery Bowe that he maketh of 4 Ewe, make three other Bows meet to (hoote in, of Elme, Witchhafell, Ashe, and other wood apt for 4 the same, vnder the paine to loose and forfeit for euery such Bow so lacking III s. 4 d. And euery 4 Bowyer dwelling within the City and Suburbs of London, shall after the said feast of the Purification of 4 our Lady then next eomming, for euery Bow of Ewe, make two other Bows apt for (hooting, of 4 Allie, Elme, Witchhafell, or other wood, meete for the same, vnder like paine and forfeiture, as by 4 the said Statute more plainely it doth and may appear. And although the said branch of the said 4 Statute, be needfull and expedient to remaine and continue for such Bowyers as doe dwell and inhabite 4 in the Countrie, and other places out of the City of London and the Suburbs of the same : Yet for as •4 much as there be very few or no Bows of Elme, Witchhafell, or Ashe, or of any other wood then 4 only of Ewe, vfed or occupied by any person within the said City and Suburbes of the same, there 4 fore the said branch of the said Act and Statute before rehearsed, was not, nor is needfull to be had 4 and made for the Bowyers dwelling within the said City and Suburbes. And yet neuerthelefle, 'your 4 said Subiedls, for the auoiding of the danger and penalty contained in the said branch, are daily in 4 forced to make such great number of Bows of Elme, Witchhafell, and Ashe, that they cannot in cone uenient time vtter and fell the same, but are constrained to keep such Bows by them so made, vntill 4 they be putrified, and not meete for any good vfe or purpose.. By reafen whereof, much of the said 4 wood of Elme, Witchhafell, and Ashe, is daily wafted and confirmed in making of the said Bows, and your said fubiedls, by such Losses as they daily fuftaine in making such Bows, greatly impoueriftied,

4 and the commonwealth therby nothing aduanced, but rather hindered. And where also in the fe 4 uerall Statutes of the noble King of famous memory, King Edward the foorth, made in the XXII

•4 yeere of his raigne, and in the third yeere of the raigne of King Henrie the feuenth, Graundfather to 4 our. said Soueraigne Lady the Queenes Majesty, and in the said, XXXIII yeere of the raigne of our said 4 late Soueraigne Lord King Henrie the eight, Father to our said Soueraigne Lady, there is mention 4 made of the prices of Bows, which at those feuerall times was appointed to be but III s. iiii d. and 4 not aboue to sell the best. At which said times, such Bows might well have been sold to any person f or persons according to the rates and prices expressed in the said feuerall Actes, vntill now within this 4 twentie yeeres, the prices of Bowe (iaues have diuerfly been railed and inhaunced from fiue pounds 1 a hundred, to twelue pounds, or thereabouts : for which causes, the prices contained in the said feue ■4 rail Statutes cannot be observed, and yet your Maiefties said Subiedts the Bowers, are presently in 4 danger of the said feuerall Statutes concerning the prices of Bows : which they humbly beseech your 4 Majesty, with the afient of your high Court of Parliament, may be released vnto them and the penal 4 nalties appointed for the same.'

II Be it therefore enacted, ordained, and established by the Queenes Majesty our Soueraigne Lady, with the afient of the Lords Spirituall and Temporall, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, that the said Statutes of King Edward the foorth, and King Henrie the feueuth, concerning the prices of Bows, and all the branches contained in the said Statute of King Henrie the eight, so far foorth as the same extendeth to the prices of Bows therein expressed .only, from the first day of this present Parliament, and so for euer, be thereby clearely repealed and made voide and frustrate, to all intents, conftru<stions, and purposes: and alio all and euery clause and sentence of the said, Statute of King Henrie the eight, before recited, tending to the making of Bows of Elme, Witchhaflell, Ashe, and other wood, besides Ewe before rehearsed, or any penaltie therein contained for any the said last rehearsed premises, from hencefoorth for euer shall not be intended, iconftrued, or taken to extend to any Bowyer now dwelling or inhabiting, or which heereafter shall

9 happen

167

APPENDIX.

happen to dwell or inhabite within the Cities of London and Wejlmlnjhr, or the Suburbs of any of them, or in the Borough of Southwarke, in the County of Surrey: The said Statutes, or anything in them, or any of them contained in any wise to the contrary, notwithstanding.

III And be it further enacted by the Authoritie aforefayd, that all and euery the said Bowyers within the said Cities and Suburbs of London and Wejlmiiifler, and Borough of Soutkivarke, shall from hence foorth from time to time, and at all times hereafter, prouide and have in his or their custody the number of fifty good and able Bows of Elme, Witchhafell, or Allie at the Jeaft, well and substantiaik made and wrought, vpon paine that euery of the said Bowyers which by the space of twentie days shall not have in his custody such number of the said Bows of Witchhafell, Elme, or Allie ready made and meete to be sold and vfed as aforefayd, shall heercafter for euery Bowe lacking of the number aforefayd, forfeit ten billings, the one moietie of which forfeiture, shall be to our said Soueraigne Lady the Queenes Majesty, and the other moitie thereof shall be to him or them vling the Art of Armourour, Fletcher, or maker of Bowftrings, that will sue for the same by a<5tion of Debt, bill, plaint, or otherwise, in any Court of Record, in which Action and suit, no protection, or wager of law, shall in any wise be admitted or allowed for the defendant.

IV Prouided allwaycs, and be it enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, that if any Bowyer after the first day of May next comming, doe sell any Bows mcete for mens shooting, being outlandilh Ewe, and of the best sort, oner and aboue the price of VI s. VIII d. or doe sell any Bows meete for mens hooting, being of the second sort, oucr and aboue the price of III s. iiii d. or shall sell any Bows meete for men, .as is aforefayd, being of the course sort, called liucrie Bows, for, and aboue the price of II s. a peece, or that shall after the said first day of May, sell any Bows being Englljh Ewe, ouer and aboue the price of II s. the peece, that then the seller or sellers of such Bows, shall forfeit for euery Bowe so sold ouer and aboue the price aforefayd XL s. the one moietie thereof to the Queenes Majesty, her heires and successors, and the other moietie to the party vfing the Art of an Armouror, Fletcher, or maker of Bowftrings, that will sue for the same in any Court of Record, by Action of debt, bill, plaint, or otherwise, wherein no Wager of law, Elfoine, or prated ion, shall be admitted or alowed: anything in this Act, or in any other Ad contained to the contrary in any wise, notwithstanding. This Act to continue vntill the lait day of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Anno decimo tertio Regina Elizabeths.

At the Parliament begunne and held at wejuninfter the second of Aprill, in the thirteenth yeere of the Reign of our late Souereigne Lady Elizabeth late Queen of England and there continued vntill the dissolution of the same, was enacted as followeth.

CAP. XIV

An act for the bringing in of Bow ftaues, into this Realm.

WHERE as the vfe of Archerie, not only hath euer been, but also yet is by Gods fpeciall gift to the English nation a finguler defence of this Realm, and an occafton of many noble vidories, and both very wholesome exercise for the health and strength of mens bodies, and a mainteinance of a great Number of the Queenes true fubiedes and artificers, as Bowyers,.

* Fletchers, Stringers, arrowhead makers, and other of this Realm : and for that among other causes ‘ of the decay of Archerie, one great cause is the excefliue price of Bow ftaues, which groweth princi

* pally by the fcarfitie of Bow ftaues brought into the Realme.' For reformation whereof, be it enacted by the authority of this present Parliament, that all the Statutes made in the twelfth year of the reigne of King Edward the fourth, concerning bringing in of certain number of Bow ftaues, according to the waight or value of other wares to be brought into this realm, shall from henceforth be duly put in execufion. And be it enacted and declared by this present Statute, that all Merchant strangers, vfing to bring wares into this Realm from the East parts, afwel from the LXXII hanse Townes, be comprised and meant vnder the name of, and bound as the Merchants mentioned and bound by the said Statute, to bring in Bow ftaues, vpon like paines z forfeitures as by the said Statutes are appointed. C And ‘ where the greatest cause of not putting the said Statute in execution hath been, that the torfaitures there ‘ by limmitted, are by the said Statute giuen only to the Queenes Majesty, her heires, and fuccefiours,

‘ without any reward to the person that shall sue for the lamebee it enacted that from henceforth all the forfeitures appointed by the said Statutes, shall be imploied in form following, that is to say, the one half thereof to'the Queenes Maiefties, her heires, and successors, the other half to such personas shall sue for the same in any Court of Record, wherein no Effoine, protection, nor wager of law for the default shall be admitted or allowed. And it may please the Queenes most excellent Majesty, that it be on her highneffe part straightly charged and commanded, that all the Statutes now remaining in force, for repressing of vnlawfull games, and for the mainteinance and vfe of Archerie, shall be duly put in execution for euer vnder paines in the said Statutes conteined.

Anno

APPENDIX.

168

Anno vicejimofeptbno Regina Elizabeths.

At the Parliament begunne and held at Westminster the .three and twentieth day of No, Member, in the feuen and twentieth yeere of the reigne of our late Soueraigne Lady Elizabeth, late Queen of England, C and there continued vntill the XXIX day. .of. March following, were enacted as followeth. 11, jr

* " - < ' J - .1'

CAP, XXVI

An act for explaining of the Statute for the amending of the High wayes. between Middleton and the Kings Ferry, leading into the Ille of Sheppey in the County' of Kent. ‘

‘ TT^THEREAS at the Parliament held in the eighteenth yeere of the Queenes Maiefties raigne ‘ v./fty that now is, there was one very necessary and profitable Law then made, for the repairing ‘ t V and maintaining of the Ferry and passage called the Kings Ferry, within the Ille of Sheppy

1 in the County of Kent, and for the vfuall High way leading from the market Town called Middleton to ‘ the said Ferry : In and by which act or Statute for the repairing and amending of the said high way ‘ leading from Middleton to the said Ferry, being in great decay, it is amongst other things enabled,

‘ that it should bee lawful from hencefoorth yeerely during the space of ten yeeres, for three Justices of ‘ the peace, whereof one to bee of the Quorum, next inhabiting to the said Town of middledon.within ‘ the said County of Kent, reasonably to aflelte and taxe all and euery land occupiers dwelling out of C the said He, and within foure miles diftand from the said Ferry, as to their discretions should seem ‘ conuenient, not exceeding the sum of one pennie, upon euery acre of fresh jvlarlh and vpland in ‘ one yeere, ' and vpon euery tenne Acres of salt Marsh one penny in one yeere. And forasmuch as vpon ‘ the letter of the same braunch some doubt and question hath risen, whether the said Justices could leste ‘ any but such as bee land occupiers, and dwelling out of the said He, and within foure miles distant of ‘ the said Ferry : And that thereby the taxations by them to bee made by the letter of the said law, wii

* not suffice to repaire the said decayed wayes, for that the lands & grounds lying out of the said He, and within foure miles distant from the said Ferrie, are for the most part occupied by such persons as be

* inhabiting without the compaffe of the said foure miles, by reason whereof the said highwayes remaine

‘ still vnrepaired.& jiot amended & are growen into further decay, then at the time of the making of the said 6 Statute they were, to the great danger and annoiance of the Queenes majesties fubiects passing by Sc through ‘ same Ear the better explanation of the said statute, Sc for the redrefie of the said wayes, be it now enacted by the Queen our Soueraigne Lady, the Lords Spirituall and Temporal!, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authoritie of the same, that yerely from henceforth for euer, between the fcaft of Easter and the feast of Pentecost, it shall and may be lawful to and for fixe, hue, foure or three Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum, inhabiting within eight miles of the said Town of Middleton within the said County of Kent, to alfefle and taxe vpon all and euery the lands and grounds lying and being without the said He, and within foure miles distant from the said Ferry, such alleltements and taxations for and towards the repairing and amending of the said high way, as to them shall seem reasonable, notwithstanding that the owners or occupiers of the same lands or grounds be dwelling without the compaflc of the said foure miles, so that the same aflefiements and' taxations exceede not abouc one penny for euery Acre of fresh Marsh and Upland for one yeere, and not' aboue one. penny for euery tenne Acres of salt Marsh for one year, the said former Acte, or any Article, Braunch or tiling therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. And that the said taxations and afleflifte ots shall bee leuied and employed for and towards the repayring of the said high way, by such person and persons dwelling out of the said He within foure miles of the said Ferry, as by the Justices that shall aflefle and taxe the same shall be limited and appointed, and the same person ana persons foto bee appointed, to have like power and authoritie for the leuying thereof by diftrefle, in such manner and form as is limited to the said Ferry Warden, by the said recited Statute for the leuying aped gathering of afteltments within the said He, and the said person and persons foto bee appointed to account and to deliuer the arrerages thereof (if any happen to be) to the said Justices at such time and glace as by them ftiall be appointed. $

*

Anno

APPENDIX.

169

Anno tricesimo nono Regina Elizabeths.

At the Parliament begun and held at Weftmmfier, the xxiitj. day of October, in the XXXIX year of the reigne of our late Soueraigne Lady Elizabeth, Queen of England, C there continued vntill the dissolution thereof, being the ninth of February : were en a£ted as followeth.

CAP. IV

An act for punishment of Rogues, Vagabonds, and fturdie Beggers.

4 "I ' O R the suppressing of Rogues, Vagabons, and fturdie Beggers Bee it enacted by the autko 8h ritie of this present Parliament, that from and after the Feast of Eajter next comming, all Sta

JL tutes heretofore made for the punishment of Rogues, Uagabbnds, or fturdie Beggers, or for the eredfion or maintenaunce of lioules of Corredlion, or touching the same, shall for so much as concerned! the same be vtterly repealed : And that from and after the said Feast of Eajler, from time to time it shall and may be lawful! to and for the Justices of Peace of any County or City in this Realm or the Dominions of Wales, assembled at any quarter Sessions of the Peace within the same County City, Borough, or Town corporate, or the more part of them, to set down order to erect, and to cause to be erected one or more houses of Corredlion within their feuerall Counties or Cities: for the doing and performing whereof, and for the prouiding of ftockes of money, and all other things necessary for the same, and for raising and gouerning of the same, and for corredlion and punishment of offenders thither to be committed, such orders as the same Justices or the more part of them shall from time to time take, reforme, or set down in any their said quarter seltions in that behalfe fhalbe of force, and be duly peiformed and put in execution.

II And be it also further enacted by the authoritie aforesaid, That all persons calling themselves Schollers going about begging, all sea faring men pretending Losses of their fhippes or goods on the Sea going about the countrie begging, All idle persons going about in any countrie either begging or vfing any subtle craft, or vnlawfull games and playes, or fayning themlelues to have knowledge in Phiiiognomie, Palmeftric, or other like crafty science, or pretending that they can tell deftenies, fortunes, or such other like fantafticall imaginations : All persons that bee, or vtter themfelues to be Prodlors, Procurers, Patent gatherers, or Collectors for Gaoles, Prisons, or Hofpitalls : All Fencers, Berewards, common Players of Enterludes, and Minftrells, wandering abroad (other then Players of Enterludcs belonging to any Baron of this Realm, or any other honourable personage of greater degree, to bee authorised to play vnder the hand and Seal of Arms of such Baron or personage) All luglers, Tinckers, Pedlers, and pettie Chapmen wandering abroad, All wandering persons and common Labourers, being Persons able in body, vfing loytering, and refilling to work for such reasonable wages, as is taxed or commonly giuen in such parts, where such persons doe, or flail happen to dwell or abide, not hauing lining otherwise to maintaine themfelues, All Persons deliuered out of Gaoles that begge for their sees, or otherwise do trauel begging : All such persons as shall wander abroad begging, pretending Losses by fire, or otherwise: : all such persons not being felons, wandering and pretending themfelues to be Egyptians, or wandering in the habite, form, or attire of counterfeiting Egyptians, shall be taken, adiudged, and deemed Rogues, Vagabonds, and fturdie beggers, and shall fuftaine such paine and punishments, as by this a(51 is in that behalfe appointed.

III And be it enabled by the authoritie aforesaid, that euery person which is by this present Act declared to be a Rogue, Vagabond, or fturdie begger, which shall be. at any time after the said Feast of

•eajler next comming, taken begging, vagrant, wandering, or mifordcring themfelues in any part of this Realm, or the Dominion of Wales, shall vpon their apprehension by the appoyntment of any Justice of the Peace, Conitable, Headborough, or Tythingmari of the same County, Hundred, Parish, or tyth ing, where such person shall bee taken, the Tythingman or Headborough, being assisted therein with the aduife of the Minister, and one other of that Parish, bee dripped naked from the middle vpwards, and final] be openly whipped vntill his or her body be bloudic : and shall bee forthwith sent from Parish topa rill, by the Officers of euerie the same, the next (freight way to the Parish where he was born, if the same may be knowne by the parties ccnfeffion, - or otherwise. And if the same bee not knowne, then to the Parish where he or she last dwelled before the same punishment, by the space of one whole year, there to put him, or herself to labour as a true fubiedt might to doc : Or not being knowne where hee or (hee was born or last dwelled, then to the Parish through which hee or fliee last passed without punishment. After which whipping the same'person shall have a teftimoniall subscribed with the hand, and sealed with the seal of the same Justice of the Peace, Constable, Headborough, or Tythingman, and of the Minister of the same Parish, or any two of them, testifying that the same person hath been punished according to this at, and mentioning the day and place of his or her punishment, and the place whereunto such person is limited to go, and by what time the said person is limited to paffc thither at his peril!. And if the said person through his or her default doe not accomplish the order appointed by the said teftimoniall, Then to be eftfoones taken and whipped, and so as often as any default shall be found in him or her, contrary to the form of this Statute, in cueric place to be whipped, till such person be repayred APPEND. 2 to

170 A P P E N D I X

to the place limlttcd : The substance of which teftimoniall shall be registered by the Minister of that Parish, in a book to be prouided for that purpose, vpon pain to forteit hue lliillings for euerie default thereof: And the party lb whipped and not knowne where hee or lire was born, or last dwelled by the space of a year, shall by the officers of the said village where he or lire so last pad through without punishment, be conueied to the house of correction of the limit wherein the said village standeth, or to the common gaole of that county or place, there to remaine and be employed in work, vntill he or she shall be placed in some feruice, and foto continue by the space of one year, or not being able of body vntill he or (hee shall bee placed, to remaine in some Almelhouse in the same county or place.

IV Prouided alwayes, and be it enabled, if any of the said Rogues shall appear to be daungerous to the inferior sort of people where they shall be taken, or otherwise be such as will not be reformed of their roguifir kind of life, by the former prouifions of this Act, That in euery such case it shall and may be lawful! to the said Justices of the limit where any such Rogue, shall be taken, or any two of them, whereof one to be of the Quorum, to commit that Rogue to the house of Correction, or otherwise to the gaole of the County, there to remaine vntill their next quarter Selfions to be held in that County, and then such of the lame Rogues so committed, as by the Justices of the Peace then and there present, or the most part of them, shall be thought lit not to be deliuered, dial] and may lawfully by the same Justices cr the most part of them, be banished out of this Realm, and all other the dominions thereof, and at the charges of that countrie, shall be conueied vnto such parts beyond the Seas, as shall be at any time hereafter for that purpose afiigned by the priuy Counsel vnto her Majesty, her heires or successors, or by any 6. or more of them, wherof the L Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the great Seal, or the Lord Treasurer for the time being to be one, Or otherwise be iudged perpetually to the Galleys of this Realm, as by the same Justices or the mod part of them it shall be thought tit and expedient. And if any such Rogue so baniftied as aforesaid, shall returne again into any part of this Realm or dominion of Wales, without lawful licence or warrant foto doe, that in euery such case such offence shall be Fellony, and the party offending therein suffer death as in case of Fellony: The said Fellony to be heard and determined in that County of this Realm or Wales, in which the offender shall be apprehended.

V And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any town, parish, or village, the con ffable, Headborough, ortythingman be negligent and doe not his or their best endeuours for the apprehension of such vacabond, Rogue, or sturdy beggar which there shall be found contrary to the form of this present Act, and to cause euery of them to bee punished and conueighed according to the true meaning of this present act, that then the said Conffable, Headborough, ortythingman, in whom such default shall be, shall loose and forfeit for euery such default ten Shillings. And also if any person or persons doe in any wise diffurbe or let the execution of this Law or any part thereof, concerning the punishment or conueyir.g of Rogues, vacabonds, ffurdy beggers, or the reliefe or Ceding of poor impotent persons in any manner of wise, or make refculfie against any officer or person authorised by this present act for the due execution of any the premises, the lame person so offending, shall forfeit and lose for euery such offence the sum of flue pound, and final! be bound to the good behauiour.

VI And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no person or persons hauing charge in any voyage, in parting from tine Realities of Ireland or Scotland, or from the Jfle of Man into this realm of England, doe wittingly or willingly bring or conuey, or suffer to be brought or conueighed in any veffell or boat from and out of the said realm of Ireland, Scotland, or Isle of Man, into the realm of England or jfales, or any part thereof, any vacabond, rogue, or begger, or any such as shall be forced or very like to Hue by begging within the realm of England or Wales, being born in the same realtnes or Island.. paine of euery such person so offending, to forfeit and loose for euery such vaca bornl, rogue, begger, or other person like to liue by begging, twenty Shillings, to the vfe of the poor of the said parish in which they were seton land. And if any such jvlanniike, Scoitijh, or Irish rogue, vacabond or begger, be already, or shall at any time hereafter be seton land, or shall come into any part of England or Wales, the same, after hee or Thee shall be punished as aforesaid, shall be conueyed to the next Port or Parish in or neere which they were landed or sit ft came, in such sort as rogues are appointed to be by this present act, & from thence to be transported at the common charge of the country where they were seton land into those parts from whence they came or were brought. And that euery Conffable, Headborough, & Tythingman negledling the due performance therof shall forfeit for euery such offence xs.

VII Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no diseased or impotent poor person shall at any time resort or repaire from their dwelling places to the city of Bathe, or town of Buxton, or either of tlnm to the Bathes there for the ease of their griefes, vnlefie such person doe forbeare to beg, and be licensed to paste thither by two Justices of the Peace of the County where such person doth or sit all then dwell or remaine, and prouided for to trauaile with such reliefe, for and towards his or her maintenance as shall be necessary for the same person, for the time of such his or her trauell, and abode at the city of Bath and town of Buxton, or either of them, and returne thence, and shall returne home again as shall be limited by the said licence, vpon paine to be reputed, puniftted & vied as rogues, vacabonds and sturdy beggers declared by this present Acte. And that the inhabitants of the lame City of Bathe and town of Buxton shall not in any wise be charged by this A die with the finding or reliefe of any such poor people.

VIII Prouided alwayes, that the Justices of Peace within any County of this Realm or Wales, shall not intromit or enter into any City, Borough, or Townes corporate, where be any Justice or Justices of Peace for any such City, Borough or Town corporate for the execution of any branch, article or sentence of this Acte, for or concerning any offence, matter or cause growing or arising within the pre

cindls,

APPENDIX.

cinds, liberties or iurifdidtions of such City, borough, or townes corporate, But that it may and (lull be lawful! to the Justice or Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Bayliffes, and other head officers of those Cities, Boroughes, and townes corporate, where there be such Justices of the Peace, to proceed to the execution of this Act, within the precindt and compaffe of their liberties, in such manner and form as the Justices of Peace in any County may or ought to doe within the same County, by virtue of this Acte, anything in this Adito the contrary therof notwithstanding,

IX Prouided alwaies, that this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the poor

people for the time being, in the Hofpitall, called S. Thomas Hofpitall, otherwise called the Kings hof pitall in the borough of Southward neere adioyning to the City of London, but that the Mayor, com minalty and Citizens of the said City of London for the time being, shall and may have the rule, order

and gouernment of the said Hofpitall, and of the poor people therein for the time being, any tiling in

this Act to tyre contrary notwithstanding.

X Prouided alwaies, that this Acte or anything therein contained, or any authority thereby giuen,

shall not in any wise extend to difinherite, preiudice or hinder John Dutton of Dutton, in the County of Chester Esquire, his heires or assignes for, touching or concerning any liberty, preeminence, authority, iurifdidrion or inheritance, which the said Iohn Dutton now lawfully vfeth, or hath, or lawfully may or ought to vfe within the County Palatine of Chester, and the County of the City of Chester, or either of them, by reason of any ancient Charters of any Kings of this Land, or by reason cf any prefeription, vfage, or title whatfoeuer. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that all fines and forfeitures appointed or to grow by this present act, (except such as are otherwise limited & appointed by this present Act) shall wholy go & be imploied to the vfe of the reparations & maintenance of the said houses of correction, & stocke & thereof, or reiiefe of the poor where the offence fhalhe committed

at the discretion of the said Justices of the peace of the same limit, city, borough or town corporat,

And that all fines & forfeitures appointed or to grow by conuidtion of any person according to this present Act, shall by warrant vnder the hands & feales of any two or more of the Justices'of the peace of the lame County, city, borough or town corporat, be leuied by diftreffe & sale of the goods & chattels of the offender, which sale ihalbe good in the Law against such offender. And that if any of the said offences shall be confessed by the offender, or that the same Ihalbe proued by two sufficient k lawful witnesses, before such two or more Justices of the Peace, that then euery such person lhail forthwith stand and be in the Law conuidted thereof.

XL And bee it further enacted by the authoritie aforefaide, that any two or more Justices of the Peace within all the said feueral shires, cities, boroughs or townes corporat, whereof one to be of the Quorum, shall have full power by authority of this present Acte, to hear and determine all causes that shall grow or come in question by reason of this Act.

XII And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Lord Chancellor or Keeper of the great Seal of England for the time being, shall & at ail times hereafter by virtue of this present Act, without further warrant, make, and direct Commission or Commifiions vnder the great Seal of England, to any person or persons, giuing them or some of them thereby authority, afvvell by the oathes of good and lawful men, as of witnesses or examination of parties, or by any other lawful wares or means whatfoeuer, to inquire what sums of money or other tilings have been or shall be collected or gathered for, or towards the eredtion of any houses of Correction, or any ftockes or other things to fet poor on work, or for the maintenance thereof, at any time after the feuenteenth day of November, in the eighteenth yeere of the raigne of the Queenes most excellent Majesty, and by whom the same were or shall bee collected or gathered, and to whose hands coinmen, and to what vfe, and by whose direction the same was or shall be employed. And to call all and euery such person and persons, and their sureties, and euery of their Executors or Administrators to account: And to compel] them and euery of them by attachment of their goods or bodies to appear before them for the same, and to hear and determine the same, and to leuie i'uch money and things as they shall find not to have bin duly employed vpon the said Houses of Correction, or Stocks, or vpon other like vfes, hauing in such other like vfes respect of things past by the said Commissioners to be allowed of, either by diftreffe and sale of the goods and chattels of such persons as they lhail thinks fit to be chargeable or answerable for the same, or by imprisonment of their bodies at their discretion : And that the said Commissioners shall have full power and authority to execute the same Commission according to the tenor and purport thereof: And that all their proceedings, doings, iudgements, and executions by force and authority thereof, shall be and remaine good and auaileable in the law: which said money so leuied by the said Commissioners, shall be deliuered and employed for the erecting or maintenance cf tiie same.

XIII Prouided aiwayes, neuertheleffe, that euery seafaring man suffering flvprackc, not hauing wherewith to relieue himself in his trauels homeward, but hauing a teftimoniall vnder the hand of some one Justice of the Peace, of or neere the place where he landed, setting down therein tile place and time where and when he landed, and the place of the parties dwelling or birth, vnto which hee is to paile, and a conuenient time therein to bee limited for his paffige, shall and may without incurring the danger and penalty of this Act in the vfuall wayes directly to the piace vnto which lie is directed to pass, and within the time in such his teftimoniall limited for his passage, afire and receius such reiiefe as shall be necessary in and for his passage.

XIV pr. uided also, that this Statute nor anything therein contained, shall extend to any children vnder the age of feuen yeers, nor to any such g'affemen as (bail be of good belmiiour, and doe trauell in or through any Country without begging, hauing licence for their trauelling vnder the hands and seals of three Justices of the Peace of the same County where they trauell, whereof one to be of the Quorum.

Z 7.

XV And'

XV And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tlyn this present Aft flialbe pro claymed in the next quarter Session or Sections in euery County, and in such other Market townes or places, as by the more part of the Justices of the Peace in the said Sections shall be agreed and appointed. This Act to endure to the end of the first Session of the next Parliament.

Anno Reg. Iacobi, Regis Angl. Scotia, Franc. & Tlybern. viz. Angl. Franc

& quarto, Scotia XL

At the Parliament begun and Held at Wefiminjter by Prorogation the 18. day of November, in the fourth year of the Reigne of our most Gracious Soueraigne Lord Iames, by the grace of God of England, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, f5v. and of Scotland the 40. And there continued vntil the 4. day of Iuly 1607. And then prorogued vntill the 16. day of November next following To the High pleasure of Almighty God, and to the weale Public of this Realm, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. XII

An ast for explanation of the Statute made in the third yeere of the reigne of King Iames, entitled, An Act for the bringing of a frefo Streame of running water to the North parts of the City of London.

4 T HEREAS f late n she Parliament held at Wejlmuiftcr, in the third yeere of the reigne

C \f\j oi: our Souereigne Lord King Iames, an Act was made for the bringing of a fresh Streame 4 T V of running water to the North parts of the City of London, as by the same Act appeareth, ' 4 now, for that fithence the making of that Law, vpon view of the grounds through which the waters ‘ arc to pass, by men of skill, and vpon aduiled consideration of the premises, it is thought more con 4 uenient and less damage to the ground, that the same running water bee brought and conueyed in and 4 through a trunke or vault of Bricke or Hone enclosed, and in some places where neede is, raised upon 4 Arches, then in an open Trench or Sewer, which manner of conueyance of the same water in a trunke 4 or vault of Bricke or Hone, is doubtful whether by the words of the former Law it may bee lawfully 4 effected by the Lord Maior and Communalty, and Citizens of the City of London, albeit they doe 4 duly perforate euery part, clause, matter and thing in the said Statute conteined, which on their part 4 are by the true intent of that Law to be performed

4 II For cleering of which doubt, and plain declaration of the true meaning of the said Law, ' bee it enacted by our Souereigne Lord the King, and by the Lords spirituall and temporal!, and Commons ■of this present Parliament assembled, and by the authorise of the same, that at any time or times after the laying out of such conuenient limits of ground for the making of the Trench, or conueyance of water to the North parts of the said City of London, at the breadth of tenne foot, and not aboue, as to the Maior, and Communalty, and Citizens of the City of London, and their deputies, and work men, with the allowance of the Commissioners in the said former Aft mentioned, or any feuen of them shall bee seen conuenient and meete for the same, and in that place that they shall find to be moll apt and meete for that purpose, according to the true intent of the said Statute, that the Maior and Communalty, and Citizens of the said City of London, and their successors, deputies and wmrkemen, for the consideration in the said former Aft expressed, shall have libertie not only to digge the same ground to bee employed for the said Riuer, or new cut, as in the said former Aft is exp; effect, but also in the same place, where they shall think most meete for the said new cut, or passage of water, to frame, erect - make a trunke or vault of Bricke or Stone for the paffige of the said water to the North parts of the said City of London, not exceeding tenne foot in breadth, in such manner and form to be laid in the earth or vpon Arches, as to the Maior and Communalty and Citizens of London shall seem meete : and from time to time for euer to mainteine and preferue the same Trunke or vault of Bricke or Stone, and for that purpose to have like libertie and free passage to and from the said Trunke or vault of Bricke or Stone, for making, erecling, mainteining, and preferuing thereof from time to time for euer, as they had or might have had by the intent of the said former Aft, to, and from the said new cut or Riuer, with men, horses, cart and carriages, at all times conuenient, and in places conuenient, for the making of the said new cut or Trench, and for the preferuing of the same from time to time for euer: anything in the said former Statute, or in any other Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

4

Anno

j73

APPENDIX.

Anno Reg. Iacobi, Regis Angl. Scotias, Franc. & Hybern. viz. Angl. Franc.

£? Hybern. septimo, & Scotiss 430.

At the fourth Session of Parliament begunne and held by Prorogation at ivefiminjler the 9. day of February, in the feuenth yeere of the Reigne of our most Gracious Soueraigne Lord Iames, by the grace of God of England, France and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith, C and of Scotland the 43. And there continued vntill the 23. day of Iuly, (And then prorogued vntill the 16. day of oslober next following, 1610.) To the High pleasure of Almighty God, and to the weale Public of this Realm, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. IX

An Act for the bringing of fresh Streames of water by engine from Hackney Marjlo, to the City of London, for the benefit of the Kings College at Chelfcy.

WHEREAS his Majesty of his most Royall and zealous care for the defence of the true Re' ' j'£'on now eftabliihed within this Realm of England', and for the refuting of Errors and £ V ▼ Heresies repugnant vnto the same, hath been graciously pleased by his Letters Patterns vn 1 der the Great Seal of England, to found a College at cbeljey neere London, and therein to place cer C taine learned Diuines, and to incorporate the same by the name of The Prouort and Fellowes of the C College of King Iames in Chelfcy neere London, of the foundation of the same Iames King of ‘ England, and hath of his most gracious bountie and goodneffe, not oftely endowed the same with ‘ certain Lands, Priuiledges, and Immunities, but hath also for their further maintenance and fuften ‘ tation, ^iuen vnto them a Capacity and ability to receiuc and take from his Majesty or any of his ‘ louing oubiedts any Lands, Tenementes, Hereditamentes, Gifts, benefits and profits whatfoeuer, not ‘ exceeding in the whole, the ycerely value of three thousand pounds, as in and by the fayde Letters ‘ Patterns doeth more at large appear: And whereas also it is manifest and euident, that the bringing C in of frefti ftreames of running Water into the City of London, is very conuenient, necessary and pro e fitable, as well for the priuate use of such as shall rent the same, as a help for cleanling of the said { in the time of fickneffc, and preferuing the same against all sudden aduentures of fire It is therefore enacted by the Kinges most excellent Majesty and the Lords Spiritual! and Temporal!, and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, That it shall and may be lawful to the fayde pro uoft and Fellowes, their succdtours, Deputies and Afiignes, at all and euery such place and places in the open Fieldes or Marshes lying between the Bridge called Lode Bridge, in or neere the Parish of Harney, in the County of Middlefexe, and the Bridge called Bow Bridge, at Stratford Bczv in the Pariftt of Stepney, in the fayde Countje, ' (As by ihe said Proucft and Fellowes, their succdtours, Deputies or Assignes, by and with the consent and allowance of the Occupyers and Owners of the foyle in the said place or places, and in default of such assent and allowance, by such Composition first to bee made with the said Occupiers and Owners of the said foyle, as by the Commissioners by virtue of this A61e to be in this behalfe appointed, shall be thought fit and conuenient) to digge or cut from out of thb maine Riuer of Lec± on that side or banke of the same Riuer, which is next vnto the City of London, a Ditch or Trench not exceeding in breadth tenne foot, or to fcowre, cleanse, or enlarge vnto the breadth aforefaide, any old Ditch or Trench there already made; And the same Ditch or Trench, either old or new, foto bee made, or to be cleansed, to conuey by and thorough the fayde Fieldes and Marshes, in all places conuenient, in such sort as the same may again be returned, and made to open itfelfe, into the maine Riuer, within some such conuenient distance from the mouth thereof, as to the said Commissioners shall (for the intents and purposes hereafter expressed) bee thought fit: Upon which Ditch or Trench, or places neere adjoining thereunto, it shall and may bee lawful to the fayde Prouoft and Fellowes, their succdtours, Deputies or Assignes, to erect, or cause to be erected certain Engines, waterworks or water wheels, as also Houses or Couerings reqtiifite for the same, .where by the assent of the fayde Commissioners, the same shall bee agreed vpon, to be no let or himlerance to the ordinary passage of Barges, Boates, or other such vcitels vpon the fayde Riuer of Lee, and by and through the said Ditch or Trench, to carry and conuey so much of the water of the said maine Riuer, as by the said Prouoft and Fellowes, their Succeffours, Deputies or Afiignes shall be thought requisite and necessary to be vfed for the working or motion of the said Engines or Watervheeles, and shall also by the said Commissioners be thought to be no preiudice or hindrance to the orffi nary passage of Barges, Boates, or such other Vessels vpon the same Riuer. And that it shall and may be lawful! to and for the said Prouoft and Fellowes, their Succeffours, Deputies and Assignes (in all places apt and convenient, within a convenient distance of the said Engines or waterworks) to digge for the taking and further opening of Springs of frefti Water there found, or to bee found on the West side of the said Riuer next vnto the City of London, and the water of the said Springs to carry and conuey by and thorough certain little Gutters or Trenches, or Pots or Pipes vnder the ground, into one pit, pond, or head of a conuenient largeneffe, to be made by the said Prouoft and fe.lovves, their Succeffours, Deputies

174

APPENDIX.

puties or Assignes, in some place apt for the same. And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Prouoft and Fellowes, their Succeflburs, Deputies and Assignes, hauing by Art and Height of Engines, and Waterworks, or by any other memos dr deuife raised the water of the said 'Springs, and so much of the water there running in the said Ditch or Trench as shall be thought necessary, to such height, and into such place, Pond, head, or receipt, (as to them shall feemc in that behalfe re ciuifite) to conuey and carry the same m close Pipes vnder the ground, from the said waterv/orkes, and the said other places of receipt, vnto the City of Louden artd the Suburbs thereof, for the perpctuall maintenance and sustentation of the said Prouoft and Fellowes, and their Succeflbrs by the rent to be made of the said Waters conueyed as aforesaid. anil that for the conueyance of the said water, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Prouoft and Fellowes, Their Succeifors, Deputies and Assignes (in all places conuenient between the said Waterworkcs and the said City of London) to dig, cut, and open the ground, to such depth and breadth as flialbe conuenient for the laying in of the said pipes or pots, through which the said water shall paste, and for making little Conduit heads for vents vnto the lame, for the better passage cf the said waters. And the same ground so opened for the purpose aforesaid, (after the said pipes or pots are laid in and placed) the said Prouoft and Fellowes, their Succeflbrs, Deputies and Assignes, shall with turfe, earthy grauell, or other materials, again fill vp and couer.

II And be it further enacted by the authoritie afoiefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Prouoft and Fellowes) their Succeflburs, Deputies and Assignes, from time to time, and at all times conuenient, with their men, Horses, Carts, or other carriages, to have free entry and passage, by, euer, and through any ground or Land, in places, and at times meete and conuenient, for the doing and performing of anything requisite, for the making of the said feuerall passages of waters, or for the doing of any other Acct or thing concerning the same, authorised by this Act, as also for the continuall preferuation and reparation of the said Works, as often as neede shall require.

III And be it further enabled by the authoritie aforefaide, That the Lord Chancellonr, or Lord Keeper of the great Seal of England for the time being, (by Commission vnder the great Seal of England., at the request and charges of the said Prouoft and Fellowes, their Succeflburs, Substitutes and Deputies, or vpon the complaint or petition of any person or persons, whom it may concerne, shall nominate, appoint and authorise by Commission or Commissions, vnder the great Seal of England, feuen diferete and sufficient persons, whereof two shall be Justices of Peace of the County of Middlesex, and two of the City of London, and three others at the choyce and appointment of the said Lord Chancell ur, or Lord Keeper, euery of the said persons hauing Lands and Tenements, of the cleare year ly value of forty pounds at the lead, which said feuen persons, or any foure, or more of them, shall have power to order and let down, what rate or rates, sum or fummes of money shall be paid by the fa de Prouoft and Fellowes, (as well for satisfaction and recompense of dammages, in making the fore recited works, or anything belonging to the same, as also for any manner of dammages to bee fufteined, in the mending or reparation thereof, from time to time, or any other costs or charges, sustained by reason of the same, to the Lords, Owners and Occupyers of the ground and foyle, or to others inte refied in the said Riuer or Waters, for which, Composition is to bee made by the intent of this Acte, if the parties cannot of themfelues agree, and in what manner the same shall be paid. And that for the recouery rf such money, as shall bee so ordered and set down by the said 'commissioners, or any foure or more of them, the party or parties, to whom the same money shall be due and payable, by the true intent of the said Order, shall or may recouer the same, together with the reasonable costs and dammages for the forbearance thereof, against the said Prouoft and Fellowes, by action of Debt, Bill or Plaint, in any his Maiefties Courts at Westminster, wherein no Lffoigne, or Protection shall bee allowed.

IV Prouided alwaies, and it is further enabled by this present Parliament, and by the authoritie of the same, hat the said water shall not be conueyed through the house, garden or orchard of any person or persons, or through any part thereof, or through any Come fields, while the Corn is growing or Handing in the same, without the consent first had, of the owners and occupiers of the said Houses, Gardens, Orchards and Corn fields.

Anno

175

APPENDIX.

«* »

anno regni Car on II Regis, Anglian, Scotise, Francias, & Hibernia, duodecimo

At the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the five and twentieth day of April, Anno Dom. 1660. in the twelfth year of the Reign of our mpft gracious Sovereign lord Charles the Second, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And there continued until the nine and twentieth day of December then next following, and then difi'olved by his Majesty;; the high pleasure of Almighty God, and to the weal public of this Realm, were enacted as foiioweth.

CAP. XXXY.

An Act erecting and establishing a Post -

WHEREAS for the maintenance of mutual Correspondencies, and prevention of many in conveniences happening by private ports, several pubfick Port offices have been heretofore erected for carrying and recarrying of Letters by Ports, to, and from all parts and places 4 within England, Scotland and Ireland, and fevera! parts beyond the Seas; the well ordering whereof is 4 a matter of general concernment, and of great advantage, as well for preservation of Trade and 4 Commerce, as otherwise: : the end therefore that the same may be managed so, that speedy and 4 safe dispatches may be had, which is mod likely to be effected, by erecting one General rolt office 4 for that purpose; '

II Be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, and the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the' same, That there be from henceforth one General Letter office erected and established in some convenient place within the City of London, from whence all Letters and Packets whatsoever may be with speed and expedition sent unto any part of the Kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland, or any other of his Maicfties Dominions, or unto any Kingdom or Country beyond the Seas; at which said Office all Returns and Answers may be likewise received; And that one Master of the said General Letter office shall be from time to time appointed by the Kings Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, to be made or constituted by letters pater.ts, under the Great seal of England, by the name and style of his Majesties Postmaster General; which said Master of the said Office, and his Deputy and Deputies, by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, and his and their Servants and Agents, and no other person or persons whatsoever, ftiali from time to time have the receiving, taking up, ordering, dispatching, sending post or with speed, and delivering of all Letters and Packets whatsoever, which shall from time to time be sent to and from all and every the parts and places of England, Scotland and Ireland, and other his Majesties Dominions, and to and from all and every? the Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, where he shall settle or cause to be settled Posts or Running Meftengers for that purpose;; such Letters as shall be sent by Coaches, common known carriers of Goods by Carts, Wagons or pack horses, and shall be carried along with their Carts, Wagons and pack horses respectively; And except Letters of Merchants and Mailers wljich shall be sent by any Mailers of any Ships, Barques, or other Vessel of Merchandise, or by any other person employed by them for the carriage of such Letters aforesaid, according to the respective directions; And also except Letters to be sent by any private friend or friends in their ways of Journey or Travel, or by any messenger or messengers fenton purpose, for or concerning the private affairs of any person or persons: : also except messengers who carry and recarry Commissions, or the Return thereof. Affidavits, Writs, Process or Proceedings, or the Returns thereof irtuing out of any Court.

III And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such Postmaster General for the time being, as shall from time to time be made and constituted by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the respective Deputies, or Substitutes of such Postmaster General, and no other person or persons whatsoever, shall prepare and provide Horses and Furniture to let to hire unto all Through posts, and persons riding in Post by Commission, or without, to and from all and every the parts and places of England, Scotland, and Ireland, where any post roads are, or shall be settled and established.

IV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such Postmaster General to be constituted and appointed, as aforesaid, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, to demand, have, receive and take for the portage and conveyance of all such Letters which he shall so convey, carry or send Post, as aforesaid, and for the providing and furnishing Horses for through polls, or pcrluns riding in Port:, as aforesaid, according to the several rates and lums of lawful English money hereafter mentioned, not to exceed the same, (that is to say) For the port of every Letter not exceeding one sheet, 10 or from any place not exceeding feur score English Miles distant from the place where such Letter shall be received, twopence; And for the like port of every Letter not exceeding two sheets, fourpence; And for the like port of every pacquet of Letters, proportionably unto the said Rates; And for the like port of every pacquct of Writs, Deeds, or other things, after ihe rate of eight pence for every ounce weight; And for the port of every Letter not exceeding one sheet, above the distance of fourfcorce English miles from tyre place where the same shall be received, threepence; And for the like port of a, Letter, not exceeding two (beets, sixpence; and proportionably to the same rates, for lire like port of ail packets of Letters, and for the like port of every other pacquct of Writs, Deeds, or other things, after the rate of twelve pence of English money for every ounce weight; And for the port of every Letter not exceeding one sheet, from London unto the Town of Berwick, or from thence to the City of jlondon, tlyvee pence of

English

176

APPENDIX.

english money; And for the like port of every Letter not exceeding; two (beets, sixpence; and pro portionably unto the same rates, for every pacquet of Letters, and for every other pacquet of greater bulk, one shilling and sixpence for every ounce weight •, And for the port of such Letters and packets as (hail be conveyed or carried from the '('own of Berwick into any place Or places within forty english miles difiance from Berzuick, or any other place where such Letter shall he received, twopence; And for every Letter not exceeding two (beets, fourpence; and proportionably to the same rates for every pacquet of Letters, and for every other pacquet or parcel, eight pence for every ounce weight; And for every Letter not exceeding one (beet, to be conveyed or carried a further difiance than forty english miles, fourpence; and for the like port of everypacquet of Letters, eight pence; and proportionably unto the same rates for the like port of every pacquet of Letters, and for the like port of every other pacquet, one shilling for every ounce weight; And for the port of every Letter not exceeding one sheet from England unto the City of Dublin in Ireland, or from the City of Dublin in Ireland unto England, sixpence of engli(h money; and for the like port cf every Letter not exceeding two (heets, one hil jing, and proportionably to the same rates for every pacquet of Letters, and for the port of every other pacquet or any kind of greater bulk, two Shillings tor every ounce weight; and for the port of such Letters or Packets as shall be conveyed or carried from the City of Dublin, unto any other place or places within the Kingdom of Ireland, or from any other place unto the said City, or to, or from any other place within the said Kingdom, according to the rates and sums of english money hereafter following, viz. For every Letter not exceeding one sheet, to or from any place within Forty english miles distance from Dublin, or any other place where such Letter shall be received, twopence; And for every Letter not exceeding two (heets, fourpence; and proportionably to the same rates for every pacquet of Letters, and for everypacquet of greater, bulk, eight pence for every ounce weight; And for every Letter not exceeding one sheet, to be carried of conveyed a further difiance than forty englifii miles, fourpence; and for the like port of every Letter not exceeding two (heets, eight pence; and proportionably unto the same rates for the like port of every pacquet of Letters, and for the like port of every pacquet of greater bulk, one shilling for every ounce weight; And for all and every the Letters, Packets, and Parcels of Goods that fitall be carried or conveyed to or from any of his Majesties said Dominions, to or from any other parts or places beyond the Seas, according to the several and respective rates that now are, and have been taken for Letters, Packets and Parcels so conveyed, being rated either by the Letter, or by the ounce weight, That is to say.

Morlaix, St. Alaloes, Caen, Newkaven, and places / of like difiance, Port paid f to Roan is for -- -- -- -- J

Hamburg, Cohn, Frankfurt, Port paid to Antwerp is - - - - -

Venice, Geneva, Lego me, Rome, Naples, Aleffma, and ( ail other parts of Italy, by way of Venice, fraud pro Mantua -

Marcella, Smirna, Con Jlantinoplc, Aleppo, and all i parts of Turkey, Port paid to I Marcella - - - -

And for Letters brought from the said Places to England - - - -

Abbeville, Amiens, Omen, Montrell -

Roven

from

Saint

Single Double - - - - VI

-. - - XII

Treble - - - XVIII

Ounce - - - XVIII d

Single - - - - VIII

Double - - - XVI

Treble - - - XXIV

Ounce - - - XXIV s d

Single - - - o ix

Double -

Treble - II — i

Ounce — - - II VIII s d

Single - - - i — 0

Double - II — 0

3 qrs. of an ounce II — IX

Ounce — III IX s d

Single — - o VIII

Double - - i-iv

Treble - II — 0

Ounce II — 0

brought into England s d

Single - -

Double — •- o VIII

T reble - - i — 0

Ounce - - - i — 0 s d

Single - o VI

Double - - i — 0

Treble — - i VI

Ounce — - - i vj

s d

Genoua, Legorne, Rome, -\ Single - - i — o

and other parts of Italy, I Double - - II — o

by way of Lyons, frandpro f 3 qrs. ofanounce II IX Lyons - - - jounce — — -

And of Letters sent Outwards.

s d

To Bcurdeaux, Roche!, -) Single - - o -- IX

Hants, Orleans, Byon, Tours / Double - - i — VI

end Places of like difiance, (Treble - - - II -- III Port paid to Paris - JOUNCE - - II — o

s d

- - - i — o

- - - II — o an ounce III o • - - IV — o

And for Letters brou from the same Places into

England

gi nto V

Single Double u \ 3 qrs. of - J Ounce •

Also Letters sent Outwards.

To nore/nberg, Bremen, Dantfxvick, Lubeck, Lifwick, and other Places of like difiance, Post paid to Hamburg

Paris -

Dunkirk, Oft end, Lille, Ipre, Ccurtrcy, Gheandt, Bruxels, Bridges, Antwerp, and all other parts offlanders

Siuis, Stuffing, middle burg, Amsterdam, r.ottcr dan, Delph, Hague, and from all other parts of Holland Zealand - -

s d

sing'e - - - i — 0

Double II -- o

3 qrs. of an ounce in o

Ounce - - - 1v-0

s

L Single — - o IX

Double - i — VI

' Treble II III

1 Ounce - II — 0

N s d

Single - o VIII

Double i — IV

Treble II — 0

Ounce - - - II — 0

s d

Single - - - - o VIII

Double - - - i — IV

Treble - _ - - II o

Ounce • - - - II — 0

VI Provided

APPENDIX.

VI Provided always, That all Merchants accounts not exceeding one sheet of Paper, and all Bills of Exchange, Invoyces, and Bills of Lading, are, and shall hereby be understood to be allowed without Rate in the price of the Letters, andlikewife the Covers of Letters, not exceeding one fourth part of a sheet of Paper, sent to Marseilles, Venice or Legorne, to be sent forward to Turkey, shall be understood to be allowed to pass without rate or payment for the same; and according to the same rates and propor

C tions for the Sort of Letters, Packets and Parcels, to and from any of the parts or places beyond the Seas, where Polls have not been heretofore settled, and may hereafter be settled by the said Postmaster general for the time being, his Executors or Assigns: And it shall and may be lawful to and for such Postmaster general, and his Deputy and Deputies, ' to ask, demand, take and receive of every person that he or they shall furnish and provide with Horses, Furniture and Guide, to ride Port in any of the poll roads, as aforesaid, threepence of english money for each Horses Hire or Portage for every eng lish mile, and fourpence for the Guide for every Stage. And whereas upon the arrival of Ships from Parts beyond the Seas into several Ports within his Majesties Dominions, many Letters directed to several Merchants and others have been detained long, to the great damage of the Merchants, in want of that speedy advice and intelligence which they might have had if the same had been forthwith dispatched by the settled Ports; and sometimes such Letters have been delivered by the Mailers or Passengers of such Ships to Ignorant and Ioofe hands, that understand not the way ani means of speedy conveyance and delivery of Letters, whereby great prejudice hath accrued to the affairs of Merchants and others, as wtell by the miscarriage of many Letters so brought, as oftentimes by the opening of the same, to the discovery of the Correspondencies and Secrets of the Merchant:

VII Be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters and Packets that by any Mailer of any Ship or Vessel, or any of his Company, or any Passengers therein, shall or may be brought to any Port town within his Maiefties Dominions, or any of the Members thereof, other than such Letters as are before excepted, or may be sent by common known. Carriers in manner aforesaid, or by a Friend, as aforesaid; shall by such Mailer, Passenger, or other person, be forthwitli delivered unto the Deputy or Deputies only of the said postmaster general for the time being, by him appointed for the Paid Port town, and by him or them to be sent Port unto the said General poll office, to be delivered according to the several and respective directions of the same.

VIII And be it further enabled by the aforesaid Authority, That no person or persons whatsoever, or

body politic or Corporate, other than such port master general as shall from time to time be'nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and constituted by letters-patent under the Great Seal, of England, as aforesaid, and his Deputy .and Deputies or Assigns, shall presume to carry, re carry, and deliver Letters for Hire, other than as before excepted, or to setup or employ any foot port, horse post, coach port, or pacquet boat whatsoever, for the conveying, carrying and re carrying of any Letters or Packets by Sea or Land within his .Majesties Dominions, or shall provide and maintain Horses and Furniture for the horling of any through ports, or persons riding in Port with a Guide and Horn, as .usual for Hire, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of Five pounds of english money, for every several offence against the tenor of this present Act; And also for the forfeiture ot the sum of one hundred Pounds of like english money for every weeks time that any offender against this Abt, shall employ, maintain and continue any such foot port, horse post, coach port, or pacquet boat, as aforesaid': Which'said several and respective forfeitures shall and may be sued for, and recovered by Ablion or Actions of Debt, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted; and the said several and respective forfeitures that shall happen from time to time to be recovered, shall be and remain, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and his Heirs and Successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall or will inform against the offender or offenders against this present Abt, and mail or will sue for the said Forfeitures upon the same.

IX Provided always. That if any postmaster of any respective Place, doth not, or cannot furniffi any person or persons riding in Port, with sufficient Horses within the space of one half hour after demand, That then such person or persons are hereby understood' to be left at liberty to provide themselves as conveniently as they can; And the persons who shall furnish such Horses shall not therefore be liable unto any penalties or forfeitures contained in this Act.

X Provided always, That if through default or neglect of the postmaster general aforesaid, any person or persons riding in post shall fail, as afei efaid, of being"funlifhed' with a sufficient Horse or Horses, for his or their use, after demand, as aforesaid; That in every such case, the said postmaster general shall forfeit the sum of five pounds Sterling, the one moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other moiety to him or theni who shall fue'for the same in any Court of Record, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or other Information, wherein no Effoign,. Protebtion or other Wager in Law shall be admitted. ...

XI Provided always, and be it enabled. That nothing herein contained shall be understood to prohibit the carrying or re carrying of any Letters of Packets, to or from any Town or Place, to or from the next respective post road, or Stage appointed for, that purpose - that every person shall have free liberty to send and employ such persons as they fhalpthink sir, - for to carry the said Letters or Packets, as aforesaid, without any forfeiture or penalty therefore; Anything contained in this Abt to the contrary notwithftariding.. T

XII Provided always, That if the Pacquet or Mail shall be carried out of England into any part beyond the Seas, in any Ship or Veffei which is ngt of english built, and Navigated with English Seamen, That in every such case the said postmaster general shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds

APPEND. Aa t. Steriing;

*77

proviso for Merchants

Penalties of offending against this A a.

Proviso where any post ma ifer doth not provide.

Proviso touch ingf oft masters that do not sufficiently provide Hories,

Proviso

Proviso against carrying any Pacquet out of England in any foreign Vessels.

Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy.

Proviso,

APPENDIX.

Sterling'; The one moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall Cue for the same in any Court of Record, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or other Information, wherein no Eifiign, ' Protection, or other Wager of Law shall be allowed. '

XIII Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be capable of having, using, or exercising the Office of Postmaster general, or any other Employment relating to the said Office, unless he or they shall first take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, before any two Justices of the Perce of the respective Counties wherein such person or persons are or .shall be resident, which said justices are hereby authorised to administer the  said Oaths accordingly.

XIV Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That a Letter or Pacquet post:

L'ncaher, n|'cii shad twice every Week come by the way of Truro and Penrin to the Town of Marlcetiew, alias rith, Carlisle,

Grimsby.

Postmaster to continue constant Ports.

Penalty for

Marhafion, in the County of Cornwall, and once a Week to Kendal by the way of Lancaster, and to the

Town of Penrith in Cumberland by the way of Neivcqjlle and Carlijle, and to the City of Lincoln, and

the Borough of Grimsby in the County of Lincoln, Anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithftanaing. „ • P

XV Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Postmaster general to be from time to time appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid, shall continue constant Polls for carriage of Letters to all Places, though they lie out of the poll roads, as hath been used (or the space of three years last past, at the Rates herein before mentioned, under pain of forfeiture for er - every omission five pounds, to be recovered by Action, Suit or Plaint, in any his Majesties Courts

everyonu ion. Of recor(j? the one moiety to the use of his Majesty, the'.other moiety to the use of the Informer:

And for the better management of the said Pod office, and that the people of these Kingdoms may have their intercom !e of Commerce and Trade the better maintained, and their Letters and Advices conveyed, carried and re carried with the greeted speed, security, and convenience that may be; " 1. >. i

The Portmafter, XVI he it further enacted. That the said Postmaster general so nominated, appointed and con c. to observe ftituted, as aforesaid, and his Deputies, shall from time to time observe and follow such Orders, msmajerty fliali ' ulesn Directions and Instructions for and concerning the settlement of convenient Pods and Stages make, upon the several Roads in England, scotland and Ireland, and. other his Majesties Dominions, and

'the providing and Leeping of a sufficient numfcei of Horses at the said several Stages as well for : the carrying and conveying .of the said letters and Paequets, as for the horfing of all through pods and persons riding in'poll1 by warrant or otherwise, as aforesaid, as his Majesty: : Heirs His Majesty and Successors, shall 'from'time to time in that behalf make and ordain; And - that 1 his .Majesty, his Heirs .and .Successors, an ay grant the said Office of Postmaster general, together with the Sow

may grant the

life oryear/, ?not crs and Authorities thereunto belonging, and the several Rates of Portage abovementioned, and all

exceeding, A i years.

Profits, Privileges, Pees, Perquisites and Emoluments thereunto belonging, or to belong, either for life or term of years, not exceeding one and twenty years, to such person or persons, anef under, such 'Covenants,. Conditions and' yearly rerits/'to his said imajesty, his Heirs and Successors, referred, as his said Majesty, 'his Heirs and, Successors shall from time to time'think fit for the bed advantage and .benefit of the Kingdom, ''''', 1" r o-o:., do- -- - ‘ : " -, :

No horses to XVII .Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall have ou/confcmof" Power t0 take, use., or seize any Horses" for the Service mentioned in this Act,, without the consent 6f the Owners thereof; Any Usage or pretence, or anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII .'Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Inland letters sent by any Pacquet post eftabliihed by' this Act, as aforesaid, da and. shall pay the rates and prices before mentioned, at such Stage where they are last delivered only, unless the party that delivers the 'Letters defirerh to pay. eife where; Anything in this Adito the contrary notwithstanding.. Provided always, That all Letters, and other things, may. be; sent or conveyed to or from the Two Universities in manner as heretofore hath been used.; Anything herein to the contrary .notwithstanding.

theowneis.

Proviso for the rates of all Inland letters.

I J !' •

d, b: sfoj J > "

•15! 1

13 Car. 2. ft. 1. i °. i

an Act for Afcertayning and establishing the Fees of the Mailers of the Chancery in

Ordinary.

; I ilf

From the Parliament Rolls.

WHEREAS the Office of the Mailers of the Chancery in Ordinary is of very ancient Institution and of necessary use and continuall attendance for the Dispatch of the Business depending, in that Court It appearing by ancient Records That the Constitution of that Court was long before the con quest much of the Duty Paines and Attendance whereof Jyeth on the said Mailers And for that it conduceth much to the due Administration of Justice That those who exercise Places of Trust (hold

have

179

APPENDIX.

From, the Parliament Rolls.

'< 1 d. ' t .cv.'.r, 2i rvavny' --,. V * r .i

have Competent and certain rewards suitable to their Paynes and Labour whereby they may in due tnanner support the quallity of their Places And that it is but sitting and necessary for the Subject to allow a moderate Payment where they receive a proportionable advantage (a See of Sower Pence in times of that Antiquity being as much in Value as Two Shillings now) by reason whereof in Process pf Time and the improved Rate of all necessaries the present recompense of those ancient Officers is no way competent and proportionable to their Paynes and Attendance which are likewise very much increafea without any increase hitherto of what was foe anciently allowed as aforesaid. And for that it ap peares that in all other Courts at Westminster there is Twelve Pence taken for every Affidavit And for that it hath bin found inconvenient for Suiters' to ppt in Answers or returne Comissions in the private Studdycs of the Masters So that through the Difficulty of finding such Anfweres and co mifiions (with what Master they were left) or through the Masters absence at such time as they are called for It frequently happens the perfotis (conceived to be in contempt) are exposed to much trouble and charge thereby And for that it is more proper safe and satisfactory to the Subject in Generali That Affidavits Answers Recognizances and Acknowledgments pf Deeds should be dispatched in forne pub lique certain and open Place where the Persons that doe the same may be publiquely seen and knowne rather, then in private Studdies or Houses For the more proper and folemne dispatch of the aforesaid Businesses And for the better encouragement of the said Masters in the due discharge of their Places Be it Enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords and Commons ailembled in Parliament and by the Authority of the same That from and after the Three and Twentieth Day of Oiiober in this present year of Our Lord One Thousand Six Hundred Sixty and One there shall be One Public Office kept and no more as nere to the Rolls as conveniently may be In which the said Masters some or One of them shall constantly attend for the Administering of Oathes Caption of Deeds and Recognizances and the Dispatch of all Matters incident to their Office (referrences upon Accounts and infofficient Answers only excepted) from the houres of Seaven of the Clock in the Morning until Twelve at Noone and from Two in the Afternoone until Six at Night and that from henceforth it shall and may be lawful! to and for the Masters of the Chancery in Ordinary now being And which hereafter for the time to come shall be to demand and take the several l Fees hereafter expressed That is to say For every Affidavit or Oath taken in the said Office Twelve' Pence For every Bill of Costs to be taxed by them for the Plaintiffes not putting in his Bill Or not proceeding to reply or for the Defendants not appearing.in due time Two Shillings and Sixpence For the Acknowledgment of every Deed to be enrolled Two Shillings for the Caption of every Recognisance two Shillings for every Exemplification examined by Two of the said Masters to each of the said Masters who shall examine the same for every Skin of Parchment foe examined Two Shillings For. every Report or Certificate to be made in Pursuance of any Order made'upon the hearing of the Cause Twenty Shillings And for every other Certificate or report of any Order made upon Petition or motion only Tenne Shillings to be paid by the Party that takes out the Report or Certificate any Law Statute or Custom to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid That if the said Masters of the Chancery or any of them shall hereafter directly or indirectly by any Art Shift Colour or devise have take or receiv'd any Money See rewarde Covenant Obligation Promise or any other thing for his Report or Certificate in Writing or otherwise or for any other the Matters in this Act expressed other then the respective See or Sees in this Act before mentioned that then every such Master being thereof legally convicted shall thenceforth be disabled from the Execution of his said Office of Master or the Chancery in ordinary and also shall forfeite and loose for every such offence to the Party grieved in that behalfe foe much Money as he or they shall take contrary to this present Act And more over shall loose and forfeite One Hundred Pounds Sterling whereof One moycty shall be to Our Soueraigne Lord the King his Heirs and Successors and the other moyety to the Party greived in that behalfe who shall foe by Action of Debt Bill Plaint Information or otherwise in any of the Kings Courts for the recovery offfie same in which Action no effoine protection or wager of Law fhalbe allowed And be it further nnadted by the Authority aforesaid That before the Feast Day of All Saints next enfoing there ftiall bee set up in the public Office aforesaid and in the Chappell of the Rolls several l Tables containing the several l Sees in this Act before mentioned to the intent that all Parties concern'd may take Notice thereof.

A a z

a ir

APPENDIX

Anno Rtgni Carol I II Regis Anglic?, Scotia, Francia & Hibernia, Decitm

tertio. '

At the Parliament begun and held at Wejlmifijler, the Eighth day of May, Anno Dm.

166 r. in the thirteenth year of the Reign of our most gracious Sovereign Lord Charles the Second, by the Grace of God, of. England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C And there continued until Tuesday the Thirtieth of July, 1661. And from that day the said Parliament was adjourned unto the Twentieth of November then next following; To the high pleasure of Almighty God, and to the weal public of this Realm, were enabled as followeth.

CAP. I.

* : r -1. ■)

An Act for Safety and Preservation of his Majesties Person and Government, against Treasonable and Seditious Practises and Attempts.

/■ E 'a H E Lords and Commons assembled in Parliament, deeply weighing and considering the Miseries and Calamities of well nigh twenty years, before your Majesties happy Return, and withal res.

fledling upon the causes and occasions of so great and deplorable Confusions, do in all humility

and thankfulness acknowledge your Majesties incomparable Grace and Goodness to your people, in your Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion, by which your Majesty hath been pleased to deliver your Subjects, not only from the puniftiment, but also from the reproach of their former mifearri ages, which unexampled Piety and Clemency of your Majesty hath inflamed the hearts of us your. Subjects with, an ardent desire to express all possible Zeal and Duty in the Care and Preservation of your Majesties Person (in whose Honour and Happiness consists the good and welfare of your people) and in preventing (as much as may be) all Treasonable and Seditious Practises and Attempts for the time tot Come; And because the growth and increase of the late Troubles and Disorders, did in a very great Seditious Ser tneafure proceed from a multitude of Seditious sermons, Pamphlets and Speeches, daily preached, mon C Pam" printed and published, with a tranfeendent Boldness defaming the Person and Government of your Ma

phiets and jesty and your Royal Father, 'wherein Men were too much encouraged, and (above all) from a wilful

Speeches. mistake of the Supreme and Lawful Authority, whilst Men were forward to cry up and maintain those Orders and Ordinances, Oaths and Covenants, to be Acts Legal and Warrantable, 'which in themselves had not the .least Colour of Law or Justice to support them; from which kind of distempers, as the present Age is not yet wholly freed, so Posterity may be apt to relapse into them, if a timely remedy be not provided : We therefore, the Lords and Commons in Parliament assembled, having duly 13 Eliz. cap. 1. considered the Premises', and remembering that in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth ■ of ever blessed Memory, a right good and profitable Law was made for preservation of her Majesties what (halt be Person, do most humbly beseech your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, And be it enacted ronudus^ Trh3" ^ 6^ Kings most excellent Majesty, by and vhth the advice and co'nfent of the Lords and Commons jifeofyheking. 'n this present Parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That if any person or persons whatsoever, after the Four and twentieth day of June, III the Year of our Lord, One thousand six hundred sixty and one, during the natural life of our most gracious Sovereign Lord the King, (whom Almighty God preserve and bless with a long and prosperous Reign) Shall within the Realm, or without, compass, imagine, invent, devise, or intend death or destruction, or any bodily harm tending to death or destruction, maim or wounding, imprisonment or restraint of the person of the same our Sovereign Lord the King, or to deprive or depose him from the Style, Honour, or Kingly Name of the Imperial Crown of this Realm, or cf any other his Majesties Dominions or Countries, or to levy War against his Majesty within this Realm, or without, or to move or stir any Foreigner or Strangers with force to invade this Realm, or any other his Majesties Dominions or Countries, being under his Majesties Obeisance: : declared And such Compaliings, Imaginations, Inventions, Devices or Intentions, or any of them, Shall ex and proved by press, utter or declare, by any Printing, Writing, Preaching, or malicious and advised Speaking, being two witnei es. jega]jy convicted thereof upon the Oaths of two lawful and credible Witnefies, upon trial, or otherwiie Convicted by convicted or attainted by due Course of Law, then every such person and persons, so as aforesaid offend due course of ing, shall be deemed, declared and adjudged to be Traitors, and Shall suffer pains of death, and also Lavy' lose and forfeit, as in cases of high treason.

Offences du II And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons at any time •'eftfes'lifct*" ater our an twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord, One thousand six hundred sixty ivhhl disable anci ouei during his Majesties Life, shall maliciously and advisedly publish or affirm the King to be an persons to bear Herctick or a Papist, or that he endeavours to introduce Popery, or Shall maliciously and advisedly, by any Office. Writing, Printing, Preaching, or other Speaking, express, publish, utter or declare any Words, Sentences, or other Thing or Things, to incite or stir up the people to hatred or dislike of the Person of his Majesty, or the eftabliihed Government, then every such person and persons, being thereof legally convicted, Shall be dlfabled to have or enjoy, and is hereby disabled and made incapable of having, holding, enjoying, or exercising any Place, Office, or Promotion Ecclesiastical, Civil or Mi'itary, or any

other

l80

The grounds and Inducements of this Act.

APPENDIX.

181

other Employment in Church or State, other than that of his Peerage, ' and shall likewise be liable to such Peerage, further and other punishments as by the Common Laws or Statutes of this Realm may be infliceled in such cases: And to the end that no man hereafter may be milled into any seditious or unquiet de St. 17 Car. 1. meanor, out of an opinion that the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, upon the third day of parliament November, in the year of our Lord, one thousand LIX hundred and forty, is yet in being, which is un begun 3d of doubtedly dissolved and determined, and fois hereby declared and adjudged to be fully dissolved and Nov. 1640. not determined; or out of an opinion that there lies any obligation upon him from any Oath, Covenant ‘snt b°insvr % or Engagement whatsoever, to endeavour a change of Government, either in Church or State; or out cap?. a of an opinion, that both Houses of Parliament, or either of them, have a Legifiative Power without the No Legislative King; All which Assertions have been seditiously maintained in some Pamphlets lately printed, and are tothhoufcs daily promoted by the Active Enemies of our Peace and Happinefe. of Parliament

III Be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons at any without tyre time after the Four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord, one thousand six hundred sixty

and one, shall maliciously and advil'edly, by Writing, Printing, Preaching, or other (peaking, express, publish, utter, declare or affirm, That the Parliament begun at Wejlminjhr upon the Third Day of November, in the year of our Lord, one thousand six hundred and forty, is not yet dissolved, or is not determined, or that it ought to be in being, or hath yet any continuance or exigence, or that there lies any obligation upon him, or any other person, from any Oath, Covenant or Engagement whatsoever, to endeavour a change of Government, either in Church or State, or that both Houses of Parliament, or either House of Parliament, have, or hath a Legislative Power without the King, or any other words to the same effect; That then every such person and persons so, as aforesaid, offending, shall incur the danger and penalty of a Pramunire, mentioned in a Statute made in the sixteenth year of the Reign of Pramunire. King Richard the Second : And it is hereby also declared, That the Oath usually called The Solemn The s, League and Covenant, was in itself an unlawful Oath, and imposed upon the Subjects of this Realm League and against: the Fundamental Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom, and that all Orders and Ordinances, or Covenant unpretended Orders and Ordinances, of both or either Houses of Parliament, for imposing of Oaths, jjjtan' Im* covenants or Engagements, Levying of Taxes, or Raising of Forces and Arms, to which the Royal p0rfd.y lm" Affect, either in person or by Commission, was not expressly had or given, were in the first creation and Certain Order? making, and (till are, and so shall be taken to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever. ofbcciorhthcr Provided nevertheless, '1 hat all and every person and persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who have Homes of Par * been, or shall at any time hereafter be questioned for anything acted or done by colour of any the Or liament de ders or Ordinances herein before mentioned and declared to be null and void, and are indemnified by p^t‘}0v01t<j1 e an Act, entitled, An A hi of Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion, made in the Twelfth year raid Orders, cof his Majesties Reign that now is, or shall be indemnified by any Ad of Parliament, shall and may may be made make such use of the said Orders and Ordinances for their Indemnity according to the true intent and ?0feth?aaa of meaning of the said Act, and no other, as he or they might have done if this Act had not been made; indemnity, anything in this Act contained to thd contrary notwithllanding. St 12 Car. 2.

IV Provided always. That no person be prosecuted for any of the offences in this Act mentioned, o person to '

[other than, such as are made and declared to be High treason) unless it be by Order of the Kings Ma be prosecuted jesty, his Heirs or Successors, under his or their Sign manual, or by Order of the Council table of for any offences his'majesty, his Heirs or Successors, directed unto the attorney-general for the time being, or some ("therthan other of the Councel learned to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for tyre time being; nor shall airy Treason) unlcf* person or persons lw virtue of this present Act incur any the penalties herein before mentioned, unless byfpecial order Ire or they be prosecuted within six months next after the offence committed, and indidled thereupon j^.his within three months after such prosecution;; thing herein contained to the contrary not with and within six (landing. months after

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person or persons shall be inclidcd, arraigned, con ?b?°^encccom' demned, convicted or attainted for any of the Treasons or Offences aforesaid, unless the fanre offender treafo'ns and or offenders be thereof accused by the Testimony and Deposition of two lawful and credible Witnesses offences within upon Oath, which Witnesses at the time of the ("aid offender or offenders arraignment, shall be brought ^rov^by°two in person before him or them face to face, and shall openly avow and maintain upon Oath, what they witnesses have to say against him or them concerning the Treason or Offences contained in the said Indictment, w.

unless the party or parties .arraigned shall willingly without \iolence confess the same.

VI Provided likewise, and be it enacted, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not Proviso for the

extend to deprive either of the Houses of Parliament, or any of their Members, of their just ancient a

Freedom and Privilege of debating any Matters or Business which shall be propounded or debated in ijament *forrci; either of the said Houses, or at any Conferences or Committees of both or either of the said Houses of peal or aitera parliament, or touching the repeal or alteration of any old, or preparing any new Laws, or the redreff tion of Laws, ing of any public Grievance; but that the said Members of either of the said Houses, and the Af pijbhc^grifv fiftants of the House of Peers, and every of them, shall have the same freedom of Speech, and all other anecs. Privileges whatsoever, as they had before the making of this Act; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII Provided always, and be it ordained and enacted, That no Peer of this Realm shall be tried for l'rovifo for any offence against this Act, but by his Peers; and further. That every Peer who shall be convicted of ^el^sean<! any offence against this Act, after such conviction, be disabled during his life to lit in Parliament, unless 1 cus‘

his Majesty shall gracioufty be pleal'ed to pardon him And if his Majesty shall grant his pardon to any Peer of this Realm, or Commoner convicted of any offence against this Act, after such Pardon granted, the Peer or Commoner so pardoned, shall be restored to all intents and purposes, as if he had never been convicted;; thing in this Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

182

APPENDIX.

CAP. IX

An Act for the establishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesties Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by Sea.

Articles to be ¥7 O R the regulating and better government of his Majesties Navies, Ships of War, and Forces by

obfeived. Jp1 Sea, wherein under the good providence and protection of God, the wealth, safety and strength of

this Kingdom is so much concerned, Be it enacted by the Kings raoft excellent Majesty, with the advice and consent of the Lords and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority thereof, That all and every the Articles and Orders in this Act mentioned, shall be duly and respectively put in execution, observed and obeyed in manner hereafter mentioned.

I.

The pumick / "jpv HAT all Commanders, Captains and Officers at Sea, shall cause the public Worship of Al

wouhipof mighty God, according to the Liturgy of the Church of England, established by Law, to be solemnly,

orderly and reverently performed in their respective Ships : And that Prayers and Preachings by the respective Chaplains in Holy Orders, of the respective Ships, be performed diligently; and that the lords day be observed according to Law.

II

Swearing, ■ Every person and persons in his Majesties pay, using unlawful and rafti Oaths, Curlings, Execrations, Drunktimefs, Drunkenness, Uncleanness, or other scandalous Actions, in derogation of Gods honour, and corruption of good manners, shall be puniftied by Fine, Imprisonment or otherwise, as the court-martial shall think fit.

Holding any Foreign Intelligence.

III

If any Officer, Mariner, Soldier or other person in the Fleet, shall give, hold or entertain Intelligence, to, or with any King, Prince or State, being Enemy to, or any persons in Rebellion against his Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, without direction or leave from the Kings Majesty, the Lord High admiral, vice-admiral, or Commander in Chief of any Squadron, every such person or persons so offending, shall be puniftied with death.

IV

Letters or Mef If any Letter or Message from any King, Foreign Prince, State or Potentate, being an Enemy to the sages from any Kings Majesty, his Heirs and Succeflbrs, or on their behalf, be conveyed to any Inferior officer, ma ce" emynto' r'ner or Soldier, or other in the Fleet, and the said Officer, Mariner, Soldier, oi other, as aforesaid, the king. do not within twelve hours (having opportunity foto do) acquaint the Superior commander with it;

or if a Superior officer, or Mariner, being acquainted therewith by an Inferior officer, Mariner, or other, or himself in his own person, receiving a Letter or Message from any such Enemy or Rebel, and shall not in convenient time reveal the same to the Admiral, V ice admiral, or the Commander of the Squadron, every fueh person shall be puniftied with death, or such other punishment as the court-martial shall think lit.

V

No person or persons of the Fleet shall relieve an Enemy or Rebel in time of War, with Money, Vidtuals, Powder, Shot, Arms, Ammunition, or any other Supplies whatsoever, directly or indiredtlyj upon pain of death, or such other punishment as the court phartial shall think fit to impose,

VI

Papes, Char All the Papers, charter parties, Bills of Lading, pass ports, and other Writings whatsoever, that shall ter parties, C be taken, seized or found aboard any Ship or Ships which shall be surprised or seized as Prize, shall be sm^fazed as duly preferred, and not torn, nor made away, but the very Originals sent up entirely, and without Prize. ' fraud, to the Court of Admiralty, or such other Commissioners as shall be appointed for that purpose, there to be viewed, made use of, and proceeded upon according to Law, upon pain of loss of all the shares of the Takers, and such further puniftiment to be inflicted upon ihe Offenders therein, as the quality of their offence and misdemeanour shall be found to deserve, and the court-martial shall impose.

VII

Prize, Ships None in his Majesties Pay shall take out of any Prize, or Ship, or Goods seized on for Prize, any or gmcis seized Money, Plate, Goods, Lading or Tackle, before Judgement thereof tuft past in the Admiralty court, tor Prize. fcnat the full and entire account of the whole, without imbezlement, shall be brought in, and Judgement past entirely upon the whole, without fraud, upon pain of such puniftiment as shall be imposed by a court-martial, or the Court of Admiralty; excepting, That it shall be lawful for all Captains, Seamen, Soldiers and others, serving, as aforesaid, to take and to have to themselves as Pillage, without further or other account to be given for the same, all such Goods and Merchandizes (other than Arms, S Ammunition,

Relieving of any Enemy.

APPENDIX. 183

Ammunition, Tackle, Furniture or Stores of such Ship) as shall be found by them, or any of them, in any Ship (they shall take in Sight or Prize) upon or above the gun deck of the said Ship, and not otherwise. - *

VIII

None shall imbezle, Heal or take away any Cables, Anchors, Sails, or any of the Ships Furniture, imbeziing any or any of the Powder, or Arms or Ammunition of the Ship, upon pain of death or other punishment, Tackles, Anas the quality of the offence shall be found by a court-martial to deserve. chor3' C

If any Foreign Ship or Vessel shall be taken as Prize, that shall not fight or make refinance, that in Foreign Ships that case, none of the Captains, Masters or Mariners being Foreigners, shall be dripped of their Clothes, noumking re or in any sort pillaged, beaten or evil entreated, upon pain. That the person or persons so offending, finance, shall forfeit double damages; but the said Foreign Ships, and all the Goods so taken, shall be preserved entire, to receive Judgement in the Admiralty court, according to Right and Justice.

X

Every Captain or Commander, who upon signal or order of sight, or view, or sight of any Ships of The duty of the Enemy, Pirate or Rebel, or likelihood of Engagement, shall not put all tilings in the Ship in a, fit Captains, C posture sot sight, and shall not in his own person, and according to his place, hearten and encourage the °

Inferior officers and common men to fight couragioufly, and not to behave themselves faintly, shall be cashiered;; if he or they shall yield to the Enemy, Pirate or Rebels, or cry for Quarter, he or they rfot to yield or so doing. Shall suffer the pains of death, or such other punishment as the offence shall deserve, cry for Quarter.

XI

Every Captain, Commander, and other Officer, Seaman or Soldier of any Ship, Frigat or Vessel of ah officers War, shall duly observe the Commands of the Admiral, or other his Superior or Commander of any shall observe Squadron, as well for the assailing or setting upon any Fleet, Squadron, or Ships of the Enemy, Pirate ^conmiimd^ or. Rebels, or joining Battle with them, or making defence against them, as all other the Commands of the Admiral, or other his Superior Commander, upon pain to suffer death or other punishmenf as • the quality of his neglect or offence shall deserve -

•

Every Captain, and all other Officers, Mariners and Soldiers of every Ship, Frigat or Vessel of Officers that in War, that shall in time of any Sight or Engagement, withdraw or keep back, or not come into thewit?^*raw Sight and Engage, and do his utmost to take, fire, kill and endamage the Enemy, Pirate or Rebels, and ornotfighu3'' ' assist and relieve all and every of his Majesties Ships, Avail for such offence of Cowardice or disaffection, be tried and suffer pains of death, or other punishment, as the circumstances of the offence shall deserve, and the court-martial shall judge fit.

XIII

The Captains, Officers and Seamen of all Ships, appointed for Convoy and Guard of merchant officers and Ships, or any other, shall diligently attend upon that Charge, without delay, according to their In Ships appomt flructions in that behalf; and whomever shall be faulty therein,, and shall not faithfully perform the *ilej°rdy°''v0)r' same, and defend the Ships and Goods in their Convoy, without either diverting to other parts or occasions, or refusing or neglecting to fight in their defence, if they be set upon or assailed, or running away cowardly, and submitting those in their Convoy to hazard and peril, or shall demand and exact any money or other reward from any Merchant or Master, for Convoying of any such Ships or other Vessels belonging to his Majesties Subjects, shall be condemned to make reparation of the damage to the Merchants, Owners and others, as the Court of Admiralty shall adjudge, and also be punished criminally, according to the quality of their offences, be it by pains of death or other punishment, ac Penalty for noa cording as shall be adjudged sit by the court-martial. performance.

XIV '

Whatsoever person or persons, in, or belonging to the Fleet, either through cowardize, negligence The penalty for or disaffection, shall forbear to pursue the chase of any Enemy, or Pirate or Rebel beaten, or flying, dr not chasing an shall not relieve or assist a known Friend in view, to the utmost of his power, shall be punished with ilot

death, or otherwise, as a court-martial shall find fit. Friend.

XV 1

When at any time Service or action shall be commanded, no man shall presume to flop or put back Service corn ward, or discourage the said Service and action, by pretence of Arrears of Wages, or upon any pretence of Wages whatsoever, upon pain of death. or difeoumged.

All

APPENDIX

None shall betray their trust, nor yield to the tnemy.

Defer ting the Service, or running asvay.

Spies,

Sedition, mutiny.

Concealers of traitorous or mutinous practises or words.

Ouarrelling or ftri'ring a lupe noi Officer.

cnwholfom nefsol victuals.

Quarrelling or

provoking

Ipceches.

Waftcful expense of Ammunition.

Care of con dufling and fleering Ships.

Burning a Ship.

XVI

All Sea captains, Officers anti Seamen, that shall betray their trust, or'turn to the Enemy, Pirate or Rebels, and either run away with their Ship or any Ordnance, Ammunition or Provision, to the weak ning of the Service, or yield the same up to the Enemy, Pirate or Rebels, shall be punished with death.

XVII

All Sea captains, Officers or Mariners, that shall desert the Services or their Employment in the Ships, or shall run away, or entice any others lo to do, shall be punished with death.

XVIII

All persons whatsoever that shall come, or be found in the nature of Spies, to bring any seducing Letters or meftages from any Enemy or Rebel, or shall attempt or endeavour to corrupt any Captain, Officer, Mariner, or other of the Navy or Fleet, to betray his or their trust, and yield up any Ship or Ammunition, or turn to the Enemy or Rebel, shall be punished with death.

XIX

No person in or belonging to the Fleet, shall utter any words of sedition or mutiny, nor make or endeavour to make any mutinous Afiemblies upon any pretence whatsoever, upon pain of death.

XX

No person in or belonging to the Fleet, shall conceal any traitorous or mutinous practises, designs or words, or any words spoken by any to the prejudice of his Majesty or Government, or any words, practises or designs tending to the hindrance of the Service, but shall forthwith reveal them to his Superior, that a meet proceeding may be had thereupon, upon pain of such punishment as a court-martial shall find to be just.

XXI

None shall presume to quarrel with his Superior Officer, upon pain of severe pumfhment, nor to strike any such person upon pain of death, or otherwise, as a court-martial shall find the matter to deserve.

XXII

If any of the Fleet find cause of complaint of the unwholfomnefs of his Victuals, or upon other just ground, he shall quietly make the same known to his superior or Captain, or Commander in Chief, as the occasion may deserve, that such present remedy may be had as the matter may require, and the said Superior or Commander is to cause the same to be presently remedied accordingly; but no person upon any such or other pretence, shall privately attempt to stir up any disturbance, upon pain of such severe punish ment as a court-martial shall find meet to inflict.

XXIII

None shall quarrel or fight in the Ship, nor use reproachful or provoking Speeches tending to make any quarrel or disturbance, upon pain of lmprisonment, and such other punishment as the offence shall deserve, and the court-martial shall impose.

XXIV

That there be no wasteful expense of any Powder, Shot, Ammunition, or other Stores in the Fleet, nor any imbezelment thereof, but that the Stores and Provisions be carefully preferred, upon such penalties by Fine, lmprisonment, or otherwise, upon the Offenders, Abetters, Buyers and Receivers, as shall be by a court-martial found justin that behalf.

XXV

That care be taken in the Conducting and Steering of the Ships, that through wilfulness, negligence, or cither defaults, none of his Majesties Ships be stranded or run upon any Rocks or Sands, or split, or hazarded, upon pain that such as shall be found guilty therein be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or otherwise, as the offence by a court-martial shall be adjudged to deserve.

XXVI

All perfqns that shall willingly burn or fet fire on any Ship, or Magazine, or Store of Powder, o Ship, Boat, Catch, Hoy or Vessel, or Tackle or Furniture thereto belonging, not appertaining to an Enemy or Rebel, shall be punished with death.

8

XXVII No

A P P

E N D I X

185

XXVII -

No Man in, or belonging to the Fleet, shall sleep upon his Watch, or negligently perform the Duty Seeping upon imposed upon him, or forsake his Station, upon pain of death, or other punilliment, as the cjrcumftances Watc ' of the case shall require.

XXVIII

All Murders and wilful killing of any person in the Ship, shall be punished with death. Murders.

XXIX

All Robbery and Theft committed by any Person in or belonging to the Fleet, shall be punished with !*°kberyand death, or otherwise, as the court-martial upon consideration of Circumstances shall find meet.

XXX

No Provost martial belonging to the Fleet, shall refuse to receive or keep any Prisoner committed to Provost Martial, his charge, nor suffer him to escape, being once in his custody, nor dilmifs him without order, upon pain Pr‘ oncrs• of being liable to the same punishment which should have been inffifted upon the party dismissed, or permitted to escape, or such other punishment as the court-martial shall think fit.

XXXI

All Captains, Officers and Seamen, shall do their endeavours to detect, apprehend and bring to punish Apprehending ment all Offenders, and shall assist the Officers appointed for that purpose therein, upon pain to be pro 0 en ers* ceeded again!!, and punished by the court-martial at discretion.

XXXII

If any person or persons in or belonging to the Fleet, shall commit the unnatural and detestable Sin of Sodomy. Buggery or Sodomy with man or Beast, he shall be punished with death, without mercy.

XXXIII

All other Faults, Misdemeanours, and Disorders committed at Sea, not mentioned in this Act, shall be Misdemeanours, punished according to the Laws and Cutfoms in such cases used at Sea. Southeast, 101 eis a

XXXIV And it is hereby further enacted, That the Lord High admiral for the time being, shall by The Lord high virtue of this Act have full power and authority to grant commissions to Inferior Vice admirals, or ^d‘™‘natls(?°wer Commander in Chief of any Squadron of Ships, to call and assemble Court martials, confiding of Com missionsto°cafi manders and Captains; and no court-martial where the pains of death shall be inflicted, flail conlift of Court martials, less than five Captains at lead, the Admirals Lieutenant to be as to this purpose esteemed as a Captain;

and in no case wherein Sentence of death shall pals by virtue of the Articles aforesaid, or any of them (except in case of Mutiny) there shall be execution of such Sentence of death, without the leave of the Lord High admiral, if the offence be committed within the Narrow Seas: But in case any of the offences aforesaid be committed in any Voyage beyond the narrow Seas, whereupon Sentence of Death shall be given in pursuance of the aforesaid Articles, or of any of them; then execution shall not be done but by order of the Commander in Chief of that Fleet or Squadron wherein Sentence of Death was passed..

And be it further enacted and declared, That the Judge advocate of any Fleet, for the Jur, Southeast .adv°

time being, shall have full power and authority to adminiller an Oath to any person or witness, in fieet^to'admi order to the Examination or Trial of any of the offences aforesaid; and in the absence of a Judge ad nifteran Oath vocate, the court-martial shall have full power and authority to appoint any person to administer an Oath of ol-

to the purpose aforesaid. court-martial.

XXXVI Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this Act, or any Proviso touch!. thing or things therein contained, flnll not in any manner or wile exte.id to give unto the Lord admiral ing t|le powers of England for the time being, or to any his Vice admirals, Judge or Judges of the Admiralty, his or of the lord their Deputy or Deputies, or to any other the Officers or Ministers of the Admiralty, or to any others Admiral, having or claiming any Admiral power, Jurisdiction or Authority within this Realm and U'aks, or any

other the Kings Dominions, any other power, right, jurifuiction, preheminence, or authority, than he or they, or any of them, lawfully have, hath or had, or ought to have and enjoy be, ore the making of this Act, other than for such of the offences specified in the fe.eral Articles contained in this Act, as hereafter shall be done upon the main Sea, or in Ships or Vessels being and hovering in the main dream of great Rivers, only beneath the Bridges of the same Rivers, nigh to the Sea, within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, and in none other places whatsoever, and committed only by such persons as shall be in actual Service and Pay in his Majelfies Fleet or Ships of War.

i86

A P P .E N D I X

Anno decimo tertio & quarto Caroli secundi Regis.

!acts made in the Parliament begun and held the 8th of May, Anno 13 Caorli secundi Regis; And continued to the 19th of May, 14 Caroli Regis; And thence prorogued to the 18th of February then next following.

Tie jreat con CC nnrsent of proportioning the Public!: Revenue, to the Charges and Expenses.

Every Fire hearth and Stove charged with the yearly payment of 2 s. to the King, his Heirs and suc ceflors.

How an Account shall be taken of all Fire hearths and Stoves.

How and when the same shall be delivered in.

CAP. X

An act for eftabltfhing an Additional Revenue upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors' ' the better Support of his and their Crown and Dignity.

O R A S M u C H as nothing conduceth more to die peace and prosperity of a Nation, and the protection of every tingle Person therein, than that the public Revenue thereof may be in some measure proportioned to the public Charges and Expenses, ' We therefore your Majesties moult Loyal and Obedient Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, having duly considered the pre milles, do give and grant unto your moult "excellent Majesty, your Heirs and Succefiors, the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and do moult humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted, And be it enabled by the Kings moult excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth day of March, in the year, of our Lord God, One thbufand six hundred iixty and two, every Dwelling, and other houle and Edifice, and all lodgings.and and Chambers in the Inns of Court, Inns of Chancery, Colleges, and"other Societies that are, or hereafter shall be erected within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed (other than such as in this Act are hereafter excepted and declared) Shall be chargeable, and by this present Aft be and are charged, with the Annual Payment to the Kings .Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for every Fire hearth and Stove within every such House, Edifice, Chambers and Lodging, as aforesaid, the sum of Two drillings by the year, to be paid yearly, and every year at the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, ano the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Saint Mary, by even and equal portions; the First payment thereof to be paid upon the feast day of Saint Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the year of our Lord, One thousand six hundred sixty and two.

‘ II And to the intent that a just Account may be hud and taken of all the said Hearths and ‘ Stoves by this Act intended to be charged, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Owner, or Occupier of every such House, Edifice, Lodgings and Chambers, shall respectively within six days after Notice given unto him or them, by the respective Constables, Headboroughs, tything men, or other such Officers, within whose Precinct the said House, Edifice, Chambers or Lodging shall be, or by the respective Treasurers or Officers of Inns of Court, Inns of Chancery, or other Officers of the respective Colleges, and other Societies aforesaid, wherein any such Lodgings and Chambers shall be, deliver unto the said Constables, Pleadboroughs, tything men, or other such Officers, as aforesaid respectively, a true and just Account in Writing under the Hands of such Owners or Occupiers as aforesaid, of all the said Hearths and Stoves which are within their several and respective Ploufes, Lodgings and Chambers aforesaid.

III And be enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Constables, Headboroughs, tything men, or other such Officers, within whose limits any such House or Edifice charged by this Act, as affrefaid, are, and the respective Treasurers, and other Officers of the respective Inns of Court, Inns of Chancery, Colleges and other Societies aforesaid, shall by the last day of May, One thousand six hundred sixty and two, require the several Occupiers of every such House, Edifice, Lodging and Chamber aforesaid, to deliver in to them respectively, Accounts in Writing as aforesaid, under their several and respective Hands, of all such Hearths and Stoves, as aforesaid, as shall be within their refpftive Houses, e lfices. Lodgings and Chambers; and upon the Receit of the same, or upon default of such Account in Writing, or in case there be no Occupiers, then within six days after notice in Writing fixed to the door requiring such Account to be made, the said Constables, or other Officers respectively, as aforesaid, Shall enter into the said respective Houses in the daytime, and compare such Accounts, and see whether the same be truly made, or not: And if no such Account be delivered, then shall take Information by their own View, of the number of such Hearths and Stoves, upon pain that every Constable, Treasurer, and other Officer aforesaid, who shall,, todo the same, Shall forfeit for every week he or they Shall so negfft, the sum of Five pounds, and for every falie return wilfully made conti ary to this Act, he or they Shall forfeit and lose for every Hearth and Stove so falily returned or omitted, the .sum of Forty lliillings.

IV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Constables, and other Officers, who are hereby authorised to take the Account of the aforesaid Hearths and Stoves within their particular Limits, as aforesaid, shall at the next Quarter Sdfions after the said last day of May, to be held for their respective Counties, deliver all such Acounts in Writing, as they shall receive, reform, or take by their own view, unto the justices of Peace in their respective Quarter Sessions of the said Counties, together with a true Note of the Names of all such perfous, who'shall refuse or neglect

to

187

A P: P E. N D I X

to give unto them an Account under their Hands of such Hearths and Stoves within their rep, e&i.ve Houses, Edifices, Chambers and Lodgings, as aforesaid.

V And be it further enacted. That the said Justices of Peace Avail cause all the said Accounts of How Accounts the several Hearths and Stoves within the respective Counties, to belnrolled by the Clerk of the Peace stovesrnianbe of the said respective Counties, Ridings in Yerkjbire, and Divisions in Lincolnjhire, and also a Duplicate enrolled, and thereof in Parchment, under the Hands and Seals of three or more of the Justices of the Peace of the duplicates there ^ respective Counties and places aforesaid, who are hereby required to Sign the same, to be returned inte ftof The' his Majesties Court of Exchequer, within one month next after such Account delivered unto them at Peace,

their respective Quarter selffons aforesaid, upon pain that the Clerk of the Peace of every such County,

Riding, or Division, reflectively offending therein, Avail forfeit to his Majesty, his Heirs and Siicccftors, the sum of Two hundred pounds, for the tirft month; and for the second month he Avail so neglect, every such Clerk of the Peace shall forfeit and lose his or their Place and Office, and the same Avail become void accordingly; which forfeiture and penalty flvall be recovered and levied, as this Act directs.

VI And to the intent that the Revenue hereby arising to his Majesty, may from time to time be paid How the mo into his Exchequer with as little charge as may be,, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That b^coiiefted^re1 respective Treasurers and other Officers of the Inns of Court, Inns of Chancery, Colleges, and other ce, Ved and paid Societies aforesaid, within their respective Jurisdictions, and the several Petty constables, tything men, »"«> *0 Exchs headboroughs, and such other Officers within the respective Limits, Liberties and Jurisdictions, shall 3uer

every half year, within six days after the said Duty shall grow due, as aforesaid, collect, gather, and receive the same from the several Occupiers of the said Hearths and Stoves, and upon payment thereof, shall give several Acquittances (without taking anything for such Acquittances) unto the several persons who Avail pay the same : And that such Acquittances Avail be a full and perfect discharge to every such person who shall pay the same, against his.majesty, his Heirs and Successors, so that no Person who Avail have such Acquittance Avail be moleaed, sued or vexed, or put to any charge in his Majesties Court of Exchequer or elsewhere.

VII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That in case any Person who is hereby p‘<lrejsf?nd... charged, or intended to be charged, to any sum or sums of Money, as aforesaid, Avail refute or neglect default of pay n to pay the same, that then every person or persons who is hereby authorised to collect the same, shall menu

and may levy the same by diarefs and sale of the Goods of the person and persons so refuting or neglecting, rendering unto the said person and persons the overplus of such Money as Avail remain in their hands by the said sale, after the said Duty and necessary charges of levying the same is discharged, as aforesaid.

VIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Constables, Treasurers, Tiie Duty of and other Officers who are hereby authorised to colkdt the aforesaid Duties, Avail within Twenty days Constables, next after the aforesaid limes at which the said Duties shall be due to his majeay, as aforesaid, pay un o^ers to the High constables of the several Hundreds and respective Limits, all such Money as they shall re empowered to ceive for the aforesaid Duties, receiving an Acquittance without paying anything for the same, and de veiled the raid ducting Twopence in the Pound for their pains in Colledling the same; And shall also then in Writing ijuaes‘ under his Hand deliver unto the said High con liable, the Names of the Persons of whom they receive The Allowance the same, and also the Names of such Persons who ought to have paid the respective Duties yearly for Collecting, charged upon them, and have not paid the same, where no diarefs can be had.

IN. And be it further enacted, That the high conaables of the several Hundreds and respective LI w‘thi" v^lat mits, shall within ten days next after their several Receipts from the said Constables, Headboroughs, ]0 j)g0ncs tything men, and Other officers, pay unto the High sheriffs of every County, all such Money as they pafd to the shall so receive, deducting a penny in the Pound lor their pains, and Avail also then deliver or cause to be High sheriff, delivered unto the said High sheriffs, the several Returns which they received from the Constables, and other Officers aforesaid.

X And the respective Sheriffs Avail within thirty days after lie or'they Avail receive the said Moneys And 'j: el).'h8 from the respective Collectors, return the same, together with the Names of such Persons who are dc o3jt't0pay falters, and had no diarefs to be found, into his Majesties Court of Exchequer, deducting Fourpence thefamemco out of twenty shillings, and so after that rate; whereof Threepence to be for the Sheriffs own ue, as tile Exchequer, a reward of his pains in receiving and returning the same; and One petty to be paid by the Sheriff to

the Clerk of the Peace, for his pains, to be recovered by the said Clerk of the Peace by Action of Debt.

XI Provided always, and be it enacted, That the High sheriff of Londcn and Middlesex for the time London, being, for London and so much of the County of Middle as lies within the Bills of Mortality, other Middlesex. than the Inns of Court and Chancery, and the High Sheriff of Surrey for the time being, for the bo surrey, rough of Southwark, and all other Sheriffs of any other City or Town, being a County of itself, for Southwark, such Cities and Towns respectively. Avail be, and are hereby made Collectors of, and for the several

Duties ariang within their several and respective Limits; For which end and purpose, and in those places only, the Constables, tything men, Headboroughs and other Officers, shall deliver unto the Sheriffs of the Cities and places aforesaid, Duplicates of the same Accounts of Hearths and Stoves, which the said Constables, Headboroughs, tything men and other Officers, are appointed by this Act to take from time to time, and to deliver to the Justices of Peace to be Enrolled, as aforesaid: : the said Sheriffs of the Cities and Places last before mentioned, are hereby enabled to levy the said Duties, and required to give Acquittances without any Fees, as fully and amply to all intents and purposes, as in this Act is appointed to be done by any other Collectors; And the said Sheriffs Avail from time to time within forty days after the said Duties shall be payable by virtue of this Act, make payment of all tyre

B b 2 Moneys

i88

APPENDIX.

Moneys levied, into his Majesties Exchequer, with a perfect List of the Names of such Persons as ftiall make default of payment, where no Distress can be found to be taken; Anything in this Adito the contrary notwithstanding: And the said Sheriffs shall deduff out of their payments Fourpence in the pound; whereof Threepence to be for themselves, and One penny for the Clerk of the Peace to be recovered, ns aforesaid.

Exchequer shall XII And that his Majesties Officers in his said Court of Exchequer, shall discharge all such Persons discharge per who paid their respective Duties without taking any Fees for the same, and shall also issue out Process to fons who pay levy the said Duty upon such Persons who shall fail in payment thereof, where no distress can be found, t0 C taken according this Act.

Thefaid Re XIII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, hat the Revenue and Sum of Money venue (hail be arising by virtue of this Act, (except what shall be allowed to the aforesaid Officers and Ministers for excheque^and Colledling the same) shall be duly and constantly paid and answered into his Majesties Court of exche not charged quer, and shall not be particularly charged or chargeable, either before it be paid into the Exchequer, or with any Grant after, with any Gift, Grants, or Pension whatsoever: And that all and every Grants of any such pen or Pension. fions, and all and every clause of Non objlante therein contained, shall be, and is hereby declared to be Onntees of the utterly void; and all and every the Persons to whom such Grants are passed, shall be, and are hereby fume/hull be made Accomptants unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and shall payback all sums of Money Lcomptam;. recejvecj p, y |, retence of such Grant, and the Court of Exchequer shall be, and is hereby enjoined to issue out Process accordingly.

Persons .Acting XIV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if anyaflion, Bill, Plaint, Suit or totebedn3 luce! Information (stall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for what he or they shall theretorefmay do in pursuance or execution of this Act, such person or persons, so sued, shall and may plead the ge plead the gene neral lffue, not guilty; and upon Ifluejoyned, may give this Act, and the special matter in Evidence : iat iitue. And if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit, or suffer Dffcontinuance, or if a verdict pass Trebie costs to against him, or if upon a Demurrer Judgement pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble the Defendants. Costs, for which there shall be like remedy as in any case where Cods by Law are given to the Defendants.

XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any increase or decrease of Stoves which fueh Hearths or Stoves shall hereafter happen, that an Account in Writing of the same shall be had may happen, and made in like manner as the fan e is diiedted to be first taken, returned and enrolled by this Act, and Decreases how a Duplicate thereof sent into the Exchequer in iuch sort, as is before directed; And fioin thenceforth difebarged. the owner or occupier of such House where such decrease is, shall be discharged proportionably without

any further pleading in the Exchequer.

Arrearages not XVI Provided always, That no person or persons shall be charged, prosecuted, or brought to ac to be charged or compt for the Arrearages of any Duty, or Arrearages of Revenue raised by this Act, unless the said wfthhttwo' Suit commence within two years, and be brought to a Judgement within four years, and the Duty

years next after levied within live years next after the same shall grow due.

they become XVII Provided always, That no person who by reason of his poverty, or the fmahiefs of his Estate, Poor people ex exempted from the usual Taxes, Payments and Contributions towards the Church and Poor, shall be empted. F " charged or chargeable with any the Duties by this Act iinpofed; Anything herein before to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII Provided always, and he it hereby enacted. That if the churchwardens and Overseers of

the Poor of the Parish, together with the Minister of the same, or any two of them, (whereof the Mill litre to be one) shall in Writing under their Hands yearly certify their belief, that the house wherein

any person doth, inhabit is not of greater value than of Twenty Shillings pa: annum, upon the full improved

Rent; and that neither the person so inhabiting, nor any other using the same Message, hath, ui'eth or occupieth any Lands or Tenements of their own or others, cf the yearly value of Twenty Shillings per annum, nor hath any Lands, Tenements, Goods or Chattels, of the value of Ten pounds in their own possession, or in the possession of any other in trust for them; That then in such case, upon such Certificate made to the two next justices of Peace, and allowed (for which Certificate and allowance no Fee (ha 1 be paid) the Person on whose behalf such Certificate is made, shall not be returned by the Constable, or other Officer, and the said House is hereby for Jiat Year discharged of, and from ail the Duties by this Acl imposed;; thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, bo dies politic or corporate, shall at any time hereafter produce or aceept of or from ihe Kings Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, any Pension, Gift or Grant for years, life, or any other Estate, or any sum or sums of money out of the Revenue arising by virtue of this Act, that then such Person or body politic or corporate, procuring or accepting the same, flail forfeit double the value of such Pension, Gift or Grant; The one moiety of which forfeiture ftiall be to the use of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes where the said, Offenders be or inhabit, to be recovered by the churchwardens, the other moiety to him that will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information.

XX Provided, That this Act, or anything herein contained, snail not extend to charge any blow houses, 'Stamps, ing house, and Stamp, Furnace, or Kiln, or any private Oven within any of the Houles hereby charg kifos^ovens nor any Hearth or Stove within the feite of any Hospital or alms house for the relief of Poor Jhotpftais. ' people, v.bofe Endowment and Revenue doth not exceed in true value the sum of One hundred pounds

by the year

Further penalty upon any per fen that shall accept or procure any Pension; Gift or Grant for years, C

Blowing

XXI Provided

APPENDIX. 189

XXI Provided, That the payments and duties hereby charged, shall be charged only on the occupier duties

for the time being of such Hearth or Stove, dwelling in iuch House whereto such Hearth or Stove shall chargedonly be belonging, his Executors or Administrators, and not on the Landlord who let or demised the same, his upon the Occu heirs, Executors or Assigns. piersl

XXII Provided also, That no person or persons indebted for any the Duties aforesaid, shall thereby No Privilege

be priviledged as a debtor or debtors to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to sue any person or peer < in the fons in the Court of Exchequer, or to assign any Debt to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, towards assignade'btto fatisfablion of the same. the King.

CAP. XX

An Act for providing of Carriage by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesties

Navy and Ordnance.

‘ TT T HE RE AS by an Act entitled. An Act for taking azvay the Court of Wards and Liveries, and 11 Car 2, C : W Tenures in Capite, and by Knights - Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his ‘ Majesty in lieu thereof it was amongst other things enacted, for the reasons and recompense therein ex ‘ prefied, That from thenceforth no person or persons by any Warrant, commission or Authority yn ‘ der the Great seal, or otherwise, by colour of buying or making proviiion or purveyance for his Majesty, or any Queen of England for the time being, or of any the Children of any King or Queen of ‘ England that hall be, or forbis, their, or any of their Household, shall take any Cart, Carriage or other 4 thing whatsoever, of any the Subjects of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, without the free and fuil ‘ consent of tyre owner or owners thereof, had and obtained without menace or inforcement; nor shall ‘ summon, warn, take, use or require any the said Subjebfs to furnish or find any Horses, Oxen, or other ‘ Cattle, Carts, Ploughs, Wains, or other Carriages, for the use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors,

‘ or of any Queen of England., or of any Child or Children of any the Kings or Queens of Eng ‘ land for the time bei .g, for the carrying the Goods of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succeflbrs, or the said ‘ Queens, or Children, or any of them, without such full and free consent, as aforesaid; Any Law,

‘ Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstandingbe it notwithstanding enabled by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempo _ and the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That halibeprovid' from and after the Four and twentieth day of June, in the year of our Lord God, One thousand six ed for his m hundred sixty and two, as often as the Service of his Majesties Navy or ordnanceqhall require any ^rdnaifce^ and Carriages by Land within the Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wales, and 1 own ot Berwick r nanc upon Tweed, upon Notice given in writing by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Lord high ad miral of England for the time being, or under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the Principal Officers or Commissioners of his Majesties Navy, or under the Hand and Sea] of the Master of his Majesties Ordnance for the time being, or under the Hand and Seal of the Lieutenants of his Majesties Ordnance, for the providing of Carriages for the respective Service of the Navy or Ordnance, unto two or more justices of the Peace dwelling near unto the Place where the said Carriages shall be required, the said justices of the Peace may ancl (hail immediately ifibe forth their Warrants to such of the adjacent Parifties, Hundreds or Divisions, as they shall judge fit within their respective Counties and divi fions, not being above twelve miles distant from the place of lading, for the sending to a certain place, and at certain times (to be specified and appointed in the said Warrants) such numbers of Carriages with Horses or Oxen sufficient for the said Service, as by the Lord High admiral of England for the. time being, or by the Master or Lieutenant of his Majesties Ordnance for the time being, or by the Principal Officers or Commissioners of his Majesties Navy respectively, as aforesaid, shall be by writ The rates ai ing under their Hands and Seals required; the Owners of which Carriages, or their Servants, shall lowed tor car receive for every Load of Timber per mile, one shilling; for every reputed mile which the (bail mes go laden, and for other Provisions, the sum of eight pence per mile for every Tonne they shall carry.

II And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it may and shall be lawful for the Lord

High admiral of England for the time being, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and also for the Principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesties Navy, by Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any two or mere of them, as also for the Master of his Majesties Ordnance for the time being, by Warrant under h; s Hand and Seal, and also for the Lieutenant of his Majesties Ordnance, by Warrants under the Hands and Seals of either of them, as often as the Service of his Majesties Navy or f

Ordnance respectively shall require any Carriage by Water, to appoint such person or persons as they jsfcns'lfip*, shall judge sitting, to impress and take up such Ships, Boys, Lighters, Boats, or any other Vessel what vcfliis tor C r f ever, as shall be necessary for the Accommodation of his Majesties said Service, tyre Owners of which nases

said Ships, Boys, Lighters, Boats, or other water carriage aforesaid, or such as they iha'l appoint, shall recewe for the hire of every fuclt Ship, Hoy, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel per Tonne, accord.,., to the Rates usually paid by Merchants from time to time; and in case his Majesties Office's, and the Owners of such Ships, Boys, Lighters, Boats, or other Vellels, shall not agree on the said Rates, then the Rate to be (ettled by the Brotherhood of Trinity House of Deptford Strand.

III And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That in case any of his Majesties Subjebts Penalty on Atch of this Realm (hail refuse, or wilfully neglebl, after reasonable Notice, to make their appearance with as negiefts»r re suck sufficient Carriages by Land, or to sit, provide and furnish their Ships, Boys, Lighters, Boats or fu e'

other

190

APPENDIX.

other Vessels, fortheserviceofhis majestiesnavyorordnar.ee, as is before expressed; or ftiall, after they shall have undertaken such Service, neglect or delay the same, That then upon due proof and conviction of such refusal or neglect by the Oath of the Constable or other Officer, or two other credible Witnesses, before the said Justices of Peace of the County, or Mayor, or other Chief officer of the City or Corporation where he or they inhabit, (which Oath they shall havt power to administer) for the Land carriages; and for the Water carriages, by the Oath of such personas shall be appointed by the Lord High admiral, the Principal Officers or Commissioners of his Majesties Navy, the Master of his Majesties Ordnance, or the Lieutenant of his Majesties Ordnance, as aforesaid, or other two credible Witnesses, before the Principal Officers or Commissioners of his Majesties Navy, or Master or Lieutenant of his Majesties Ordnance respectively, (which Oath they shall have likewite power to administer) the party so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit the sum of twenty Shillings for the Land carriage, and for Carriage by Water, treble the freight of such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding Fifty pounds in the whole, to the Kings Majesties use, to be forthwith levied in default of payment upon demand, by distress and sale of his Goods and Chattels by Warrant from the said Justices of the Peace, Mayor, or other Chief officer, or from the Principal officers or Commissioners of his Majesties Navy, or Master or Lieutenant of his Majesties Ordnance respectively, (rendering to the parties ti e overplus) upon every such Sale (if there shall be any) the charge of distraining being first deduced.

IV Provided always, That no Horses, Oxen, Cart, Wain, or other land carriage, shall be enforced to travel more days journey from the place where they receive their Lading, or be compelled to continue longer in the employment, than shall be appointed by the Order of the said Justices of the Peace, and that ready payment shall be made in hand for the said Carriages at the place of Lading without delay, according to rhe aforesaid Rates.

V Provided always, That in case any Justice of Peace, Mayor, Chief officer or Constable, or any person or persons which ftiall be appointed by the Lord High admiral, the Principal officers, or Commissioners of his Majesties Navy, the Master of his Majesties Ordnance, or the Lieutenant of his Makefiles Ordnance, as aforesaid respectively, ftvdl take any gift or reward to spare any person or persons

from making such carriage by Land, or by Water, or shall injurioufty charge or grieve any person or Thspenalty and Pe, ons through envy, hatred, or evil will, who ought not to make such carriage, or shall impress more how to be icco Carriages than the necessity of the service shall require, or than he shall be commanded to impress by his Superiors, That then upon due proof and conviction thereof, the party so offending ftiall forfeit the sum of ten'pounds to the party thereby grieved, who may Sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of his Majesties Courts of Record, wherein no Effoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed : And in case any person or persons shall presume to take upon him or them to impress any Horses, Oxen, Wains or Carriages for Land, or any Ships, Boys, Lighters, Boats, or other vessel, for the service of his Majesties Navy or Ordnance, other than the Persons so empowered, as aforesaid, then he or they so Offending, ftiall upon due conviction of the said Offence, incur and suffer the puniftiment in the first recited Act.

VI Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Shipj Hoy, Bark, or any other Vessel whatfo

The tuns of continuance in the service.

ivefcnt payment to be

No gifts or rewards may be taken by Justices of the reace to spare any per son.

vcied.

None may impress other than pei Cons empowered, as aforesaid.

The penalty.

Ships and vef fd .........

iraig'uuri by ever, that shall be really, and bona side, freighted by charter party, if there be other Vessels in the Port

.... sitting for the service, nor any Vefftl quarter laden with any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes outward

bound, shall be liable to be impressed for any the Services aforesaid;; thing in this Adito the contrary notwithstanding.

VII Provided, That this Act, and the powers therein contained, shall continue and be in force until the end of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer; Anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

VIII Provided nevertheless, That in regard of the more than ordinary charge and burden which the

the new f(reft Inhabitants of New forefi in the County of Southampton, shall be liable unto, by reason of the great

0 ‘ounamp quantities of Timber usually felied and carried thence for the use of his Majesties Navy; It shall and

may be lawful for rhe Justices of the Peace, who shall by Warrant summon the Carts and Carriages within the Division of the New forefi in the County of Southampton aforesaid, to have power (as to the carriage of Timber only) to allow, as aforesaid to the several Owners of such Carts and Carriages, not

exceeding fourpence per Mile, for so many Miles as any Cart or Carriage so summoned shall go empty

to the place of its Lading; Anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

charter party, exempted

The continuance ol this Act

Inhabitants of

tonne.

CAP. XXXIII

An Act for preventing Abuses in Printing Seditious, Treasonable and Unlicensed Books and Pamphlets, and for Regulating of Printing and Printing prefles.

Rcs; ulatire of * ^tyhereas the wcl 1 government and regulating of Printers and Printing presses is matter of Printing of ‘ VV public care, and of great concernment, especially considering, that by the general Liccntiouf

great concern ‘ nefs of the late Times, many evil disposed persons have been encouraged lo Print and sell Heretical, ‘ Schismatical, Blasphemous, Seditious and Treasonable Books, Pamphlets and Papers, and still do ‘ continue such their unlawful and exorbitant pradfiee, to the high dishonour of Almighty God, the in C dangering the Peace of these Kingdoms, and railing a disaffection to his most excellent Adajesty and his Government: For prevention whereof, no furcr means can be advised, than by reducing and limiting

‘ the

APPENDIX

191

r the number of Printing presses, and by ordering andfettling the Paid Art or My ft cry of Printing by Ad

* of Parliament, in manner as herein after is expreiled.': '

II The Kings most excellent Majesty, by and with the con fen t and advice of the Lords Spiritual and b^kpshprohibh temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, doth therefore ordain and enact, and be ed to beprint it ordained and en idled by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever shall presume ed, published or to Print, or cause to be Printed, either within this Realm of England, or any other his Majesties Domi foid‘

nions, or in the Parts beyond the Seas, any Heretical, Seditious, Schismatical or offensive Books or Pamphlets, wherein any Doctrine or Opinion shall be asserted or maintained, which is contrary to the Christian Faith, or the Doctrine or Discipline of the Church of England, or which shall or may tend, or be to the scandal of Religion, or the Church, or the Government or Governors of the Church, State or commonwealth, or of any Corporation or particular person or persons whatsoever;; shall Import, Publish, Sell or Disperse any such Book or Books, or Pamphlets, nor shall cause or procure any such to be published or put to sale, or to be Bound, Stitched, or Sewed together.

III And be it further ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no private person or Entry of prirr persons whatsoever shall at any time hereafter Print or cause to be Printed any Book, or Pamphlet whatsoever,

unless the same Book and Pamphlet, together with all and every the Titles, Epistles, Prefaces, 'h|companycf Proems, Preambles, Introdudions, Tables, Dedications, and other matters and things thereunto an Stationers lon nexed, be first Entered in the Book of the Register of the Company of Stationers of London, Except don

Acts of Parliament, Proclamations, and such other Books and Papers as shall be appointed to be Primed by virtue of any Warrant under the Kings Majesties Sign manual, or under the Hand of one or both of his Majesties Principal Secretaries of State; and unless the same Book and Pamphlet, and alio all and every the said Titles, Epistles, Prefaces, Proems, Preambles, Introdudions, Tables, Dedications, and other matters and things whatsoever thereunto annexed, or therewith to be Imprinted, shall be first lawfully Licensed and Authorised to be Printed by such Person and Persons only as lliall be constituted and appointed to Licence the same, according to the Direction and true meaning of this present Ad herein after expressed, and by no other; (that is to say) That all Books concerning the Common who msy Vlr laws of this Realm, shall be Printed by the special allowance of the Lord chancellor, or lord-keeper eenfepcoks of the Great seal of England for the time being, the Lords Chief justices, and Lord Chief baron for concerning the the time being, or one or more of them, or by their, or one or more of their appointments; And that ro°knprrnted?s ail Books of History concerning the State of this Realm, or other Books concerning any Affairs of. "

State, shall be Licensed by the Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, or one of then), or ry, and Affairs by their, or one of their appointments; And that all Books to be Imprinted concerning Heraldry, of'state.

Titles of Honour, and Arms, or otherwise concerning the Office of earl mar(hal, shall be Licensed by concerning the Earl marshal for the time being, or by his appointment, or in case there shall not then be an Earl Heraldry. Martbal, shall te Licensed by the three Kings of Arms, Garter, Clarencieux and Norroy, or any two of. them, whereof Garter Principal King of Arms to be one; And that all other Rooks to be Im fic‘^nphii0ro y

printed or Reprinted, whether of Divinity, Phvfick, Pnilofophy, or whatsoever other Science or Art, phyj cr other

dial] be first Licensed and allowed by the Lord Arclibilhop of Canterbury, and Lord Bishop of London scienol. for the time fce'ng, or one of them, cr by their or one of their Appointments, or by either of the Chancellors, or Vice chancellors of either of the Universities of this Realm for the time being; Provided always, that the said Chancellors, or Vice chancellors of either of the said Universities lira 1 only Licence such Books as are to be Imprinted or Reprinted within the Limits of the said Universities respectively, but not in London or elsewhere, not meddling either with Books of Common laws, or matters of State booksbsicng or Government, nor any Book or Books, the right of Printing whereof doth solely and proper

!y belong to any particular Person or Persons, without his or their Consent first obtained in that

behalf.

IV And be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That every person and persons who by virtue of Every Liccnfer this present Act are, or shall be appointed, or authorised to Licence the Imprinting of Books, or Reprint written Copy of ing thereof with any Additions or Amendments, as aforesaid, shall have one written Copy of the same the Book LI book or Books which shall'be so Licensed to be Imprinted or Reprinted with the Titles, Epistles, Pre censed. faces, Tables, Dedications, and all other things whatsoever thereunto annexed; which said Copy shall be delivered by such Licencer or Licencers to the Printer or Owner for the Imprinting thereof, and shall be solely and entirely returned by such Printer or Owner after the Imprinting thereof, unto such Liccncer or Licencers, to be kept in the public Regiftries of the said Lord Arthbilhop, or Lord Bishop of London respectively, or in the Office of the Chancellor or vice-chancellor of either the said Uni How and where verities, or with said Lord chancellor or lord-keeper of the Great seal for the time being, or Lord kt°pr!1 Chief justices, or Chief baron, or one of them, or the said Principal Secretaries of State, or with the Earl marshal, or the said Kings of Arms, or one of them, of ail such Books as shall be licensed by them respectively;; if such Book foto be Licensed shall be an English book, or of the eug/l/b Englkli books; Tongue, there shall be two written Copies thereof delivered to the Licencer or Licencers (if he or they shall so require) one Copy whereof so Licensed shall be delivered back to the said Printer or Owner, and the other Copy hie!i be reserved and kept as is aforesaid, to the end such Licencer or Licencers may be secured, that the Copy so Licensed. lliall not be altered without his or their privity; And upon the said Copy Licensed to be Imprinted, he or they who Ihali so Licence the same, fna'i Testify under his or their Hand or Hands, That there is not anything in the same contained that is contrary to the the Christian Faith, or the Doctrine or Discipline of the Church of England, or egainft the State or Government of this Realm, or contrary to good Life, or good Manners, or otherwise as the nature and subject of the Work shall require; Which Licence or Approbation shall be printed in the begin:

:

APPENDIX.

ring of the same Book, with the Name or Names of him or them that shall Authorise or Licence the I same, for a Testimony of the Allowance thereof. •

•^e'ondsea mail further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That every Merchant of Books, and Per. be'brought to son or Persons whatsoever, who doth, or hereafter shall Import or bring any Book or Books into this • theporfot l.on Realm from any Parts beyond the Seas, shall Import the same in the Port of London only, and not else tlon only. wilere) without the special Licence of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Bishop of London for the time being, or one of them, who are hereby authorised to grant Licences for that purpose, and shall before such time as the same Book or Books, or any of them be delivered forth, or out of his or their hand or hands, or exposed to Sale, give anti present a true Note or Catalogue in writing of all and every such Book or Books, unto the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and Lord Bishop of London for the time being, or to one of them, and no Merchant or other Person or Persons whatsoever which shall import or bring any Book or Books into the Port of London aforesaid, from any Parts beyond the Seas, shall presume to open any Dry fats, Bales, Packs, Maunds, or other F'ardles of Books, or wherein Books arc, nor shall any Seaicher, Waiter, or other Officer, belonging to the custom houle, upon pain of loling his or And not to be their Place or Places, tulter the same to pals, or to be delivered out of his or their hands or custody, be ed^iintihdcw'ed ort" r'ine as le Lord Archbishop of Canterbury and the Lord Bishop of London for the time by th^ardibr b ing, or one of them, shall have appointed fomc Scholar or Learned Man, with one or more of the said ftiop of earner company of Stationers, and fuclt others as they shall call to their Abidance, to be present at the london^or°fome°pe™n8 thereof, and to view the same; And if there shall happen to be found any Heretical, Seditious, oth r by one of Scandalous, Schismatical, or other dangerous or offensive Book or Books, or any part of such Book or them appoint Books printed in Lnglijh, they shall forthwith be brought to the said i, ord Archbishop of Canterbury, - • and Lord Bishop of London for the time being, or to one of them, or to some public place to be assigned

Heretical, sedi 'and chosen by the said Lord Archbishop, and Lord Bishop for the time being, to the end the person and

rous Books'" persons which Imported!, or caufeth the said offensive Books to be Imported, may be procee led against imported, °tnw as an Offender against this present Act; And also that such further course may be taken concerning to proceeded the same olfenlive Book or Books, as by the said Lord Archbishop and Bishop for the time being, shall upon be thought fitting for ihe fnpprefling thereof.

Copies of Books, VI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or person? shall within bnti'ov'bvb'n^" this Kingdom, or elsewhere, Imprint or cause to be Imprinted, nor shall Import or bring in, or cause tur'e. whereof to be Imported or brought into this Kingdom from or out of any other his Majesties Dominions, nor <mj h^ve Let front any other Parts beyond the Seas, any Copy or Copies, Book or Books, or part of any Book or ^7ds'orb°oks, or Forms of biank bills or Indentures for any his Majesties Islands, printed beyond the Seas, C " s' or eifewhere, which any person or persons by so ce or virtue of any Letters patents granted or assigned, or which shall hereafter be granted or assigned to liitn or them, or (where the same are not granted by any Letters Patents) by force or virtue of any Entry or Entries thereof duly made or to be made in the

Register book of the said Company of Stationers, or in tyre Regiller book of either of the Universities lel'pedfively, have or shall have the Right, Privilege, Authority, or Allowance, foley to Print, without the content of the Owner or Owners of such Book or Books, Copy or Copies, Form or P'orms of such blank bills, nor shall Bind, Stitch, or put to Sale any such Book or Books, or part of any Book or Books, The Penalty. Form or Forms, without the like content, upon pain of loss and forfeiture of the same, and of being proceeded against as an Offender against this present act, and upon the further penalty and forfeiture .of Six (hidings eight pence for every such Book or Books, or part of such Book or Books, Copy or Copies, or Form or forms cf any such blank bills or Indentures so Imprinted or Imported, Bound, Stitched, or put to Sale; The moiety of which said forfeiture and forfeitures shall be to the use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other moiety t, o the use of the Owner or Owners, Proprietors of such Copy or Copies, Book or Books, or Form of such blank bills or Indentures, if he or they shall sue for the same within Six Months next after such Imprinting, Importing, Binding, Stitching, or putting to Sale; And in default of such Suit by the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or pro priet. rs, commenced within the said Six Months, Then the same moiety shall be to the use and behoof of such other person and persons as within the space of one Year next after the said Offence committed, shall sue for the lame, to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of ids Majesties Courts of Record held at jvejtminjlcr, called tyre Kings bench, Common pleas or Exchequer, wherein no Fffoign, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed to the Defendant or Defendants.

Printers of VII And be it further enacted and declared, That every person and persons that shall hereafter Print, Books, dull or cause to be Printed any Book, Ballad, Chart, pourtracture, or any other thing or things whatsoever, srlmej.t!'cir shall thereunto, or thereon, Print and fet his or their own Name or Names, and also shall declare the Name of the Author thereof, if he be thereunto required by the Licencer under whose Approbation the Licensing of the said Book, Ballad, Chart, or Pourtraclure shall be Authorised, and by and for Penalty. whom any such Book or other tiling is or shall be Printed, upon p ain of forfeiture of all such Books, Ballads, Charts, Pourtradtures, and other thing or things Printed contrary to the Tenor hereof; And the Prelfcs, Letters, and other Inftrurnents for Printing, wherewith such Book, Ballad, Pourtradture, or other thing or things (hail be so Imprinted, or fetor prepared for the Printing thereof, to be delated a id mane unfervicc.«blc; And that no person or persons shall hereafter Print, or cause to be Imprinted, nor shall forge, put or counterfeit in or upon any Book or Pamphlet, the Name, Title, Mark, or V inner of any person or persons which hath or (bail have lawful Privilege, Authority or Allowance of foie Printing the same, without the free consent of the person or persons so Prrviledged nrft had and obtained, upon pain that every person and persons so offending, shall forfeit and lose all such Books and \ Pamphlets,

193

APPENDIX.

Pamphlets upon which such counterfeit Name or Mark shall be Imprinted, and shall further be proceeded against as an Offender against this present Act.

VIII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That no Haberdasher of small wares, Who only may iron monger, Chandler, shopkeeper, or other person or persons whatsoever, not being Licensed in that fe "i'books'^in" behalf by the Lord Bishop of the Diocese wherein such Book or Books shall be, nor having been Seven London, and years Apprentice to the Trade of book teller, Printer or bookbinder, nor being a Freeman of the City market towns, of London by Patrimonial Right, as Son of a book seller, Printer, or bookbinder, nor being a Member of the said Company of Stationers, shall within the City or Suburbs of London, or any other Market town, or elsewhere, receive, take or buy, to barter, fell again, change, or do away any Bibles,

Tellaments, psalm books, common prayer books, Primers, Abcees, Licensed Almanacs, Grammar, schoolbooks, or other Book or Books whatsoever, upon pain of forfeiture of the same.

‘ IX And for that Printing is, and for many years hath been an Art and Manufacture of this King Printing an Art * dom, Therefore for the better eneouraging thereof, and the prevention of diverse Libels, Pamphlets, aacunanufao ‘ and Seditious Books Printed beyond the Seas in English, and thence Transported into this Realm, '

Be it further enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid. That no Merchant, book seller, or other person or persons whatsoever, shall Imprint, or cause to be Imprinted beyond the Seas, nor shall Inn Wo English port or bring, nor knowingly a Hi ft, or consent to the Importation or bringing from beyond the Seas fmnnnte'd^r' into this Realm, any English Book or Books, or part of any Book which is or shall be, or the greater imported from art thereof is or shall be English, or of the English Tongue, whether the same Book, Books, or part of beyond Sea. such Book have been here formerly Printed or not, upon pain of forfeiture of all fu'eli English Books,

so Imprinted or Imported contrary to the tenor hereof: And that no Alien or Foreigner whatsoever shall hereafter bring in, or be suffered to vend here within this Realm, am Book or Books printed beyond the Seas in any Language whatsoever, either by himself, or his Factor or Fabtors, except such only as be Free printers or Stationers of London, or such as have been brought up in that profession, without the special Licence of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Bishop of London for the time being, or one of them, who are hereby authorised to grant Licences for that purpose, upon like pain of The Penalty, forfeiture of all such Books as shall be so Imprinted or Vended contrary to the purport and true intent hereof.

X And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That no person or persons within the City of prjjfes and London, or the Liberties thereof, or elsewhere, shall erebl or cause to be erected any Press or Printing Printi'l5 inr House, nor shall knowingly demise or let, or willingly suffer to be held or used any House, Vault, Cel don/not to be" lar, or other Room whatsoever, to or by any person or persons for a Printing house, or Place to Print ret up, but up in, unless he or they who erect such Press, or shall so knowingly demise or let such House, Cellar, Vault, n notice t0„llie or Room, or willingly suffer the same to be used, shall first give notice to the Mailer or Wardens of the stationers' said Company of Stationers for the time being, of the eredling of such Press, or of such demise or suffering to Work or Print in such House, Vault, Cellar or Room, And that no Joyner, Carpenter, or or other Person shall make any Printing press, no Smith shall forge any ironwork for a Printing press, no Sounder shall cad any Letters which may be used for Printing for any person or persons whatsoever;; shall any person or persons bring or cause to be brought in from any Parts beyond the Seas, any Letters Founded or Call, nor shall buy any such Letters tor Printing, Printing presses, or other Materials belonging unto Printing, unless he or they respectively shall first acquaint the said Mailer and Wardens of the said Company of Stationers for the time being, or some or one of them, for whom the same Presses, ironwork or Letters are to be made, forged, call, brought or imported, upon pain that every person who shall erect any such Printing press, or shall demise or let any House or Room, or suffer the same to be held or used, and every person who shall make any Printing press, or any ironwork for a Printing press, or shall make, import, or buy any Letters for Printing, without giving notice, as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the sum of Five pounds, the one moiety whereof shall be to the use of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, and the other moiety to the use of such person or persons as shall sue for the same.

XL And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That for the time to come no Man shall who and how be admitted to be a Mailer printer, until they who are now actually Mailer printers, shall be by death many (halt be or otherwise, reduced to the number of Twenty, and from thenceforth the number of Twenty Mader pimt master printers shall be continued, and no more, besides the Kings Printers, and the Printers allowed ers' for the Universities, to have the use and exercise of Printing ot Books at one time, and but Four Mailer founders of Letters for Printing; The which said Mailer printers, and four Mailer founders of Letters for Printing, shall be nominated, appointed and allowed by the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, ans the Lord Bifttop of London for the time being; And in case of Death of any one of the said Four jiarter foun master founders of Letters, or of the said Mailer printers, or of Forfeiture, or Avoidance of any ofdersof Letters their places and privileges to Print by virtue of this Act, for any Offence contrary to the same, or for frimins. otherwise, That then the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and Lord Bishop of London for the time being, or one of them, shall nominate and appoint such other fit person or persons to succeed and supply the place of such Mailer printer, or Founder of Letters as shall be void by Death, Forfeiture or otherwise, as aforesaid;; every person and persons which shall hereafter be allowed or permitted to have the use of a Printing press or Printing house, upon or before such his allowance obtained, shall become bound with Sureties to his Majesty in the Court of Kings bench, or before some one or more of the Justices of Assize, or the Jullices of the Peace at their several Qiiarter sessions, in the sum of Three hundred pounds, not to Print, or suffer to be Printed in his House or Press any Book or Books whatsoever, but such as shall from time to time be lawfully Licensed.

APPEND. Ct XII And

IQ APPENDIX.

wiio only may XII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the said Master printers Prmting ve tw° t0 allowed from time to time, as aforesaid, shall keep above Two Printing presses at once, un preflts. less he hath been Master or Upper warden of the Company, who are hereby allowed to keep Three

Presses and no more, unless for some great and special occasion for the Public he or they have for a time leave of the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or Lord Bishop of London for the time being, to have or use one or more above the aforesaid Number, as their Lordships or either of them shall think fit.

what number XIII And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Printer or Printers, (except the theymayretain Kings Printers) nor Founder or Founders of Letters for Printing, shall take or retain any more or greater ' number of Apprentices, than is herein after limited and appointed, (that is to say) Every Master printer, and Master founder of Letters for Printing, that is or hath been Master or Upper warden of his Company, may have Three Apprentices at one time and no more; And every Master printer, and Master founder of Letters for Printing, that is of the Livery of his Company, may' have two Apprentices at one time and no more; And every Master printer, and Master founder of Letters for Printing, of the Yeomanry of his Company, may have one Apprentice at one time and no more, neither by copartnership, binding at the Scriveners, nor any other way whatsoever; Neither shall it be lawful for any Master printer or Master founder of Letters, when any Apprentice or Apprentices shall run or be put away, to take another Apprentice or other Apprentices in his or their place or places, unless the name or names of him or them so gone away, be rased out of the Hall book, and never admitted again.

faiitneyr.cn XIV And because a great part of the secret Printing in Corners hath been caused for want of Orderly founder's ofd Implement for journeymen printers, The said several Master printers, and Master founders of Let

j.ttters : o be ters fr Printing foto be allowed, as aforesaid, are hereby required to take special Care, That all jour imployn). neymen printers, and Journeymen founders of Letters for Printing, who are lawfully free of the said

respective Mysteries, be seton Work, and Employed in their refpeitive Trades; And if any such Journeyman printer, and Journeyman founder of Letters, being of honest and good behaviour, and able in his Trade, do want Employment, he shall repair to any of the said Master printers, or Master founders of Letters respectively for the time being, who thereupon shall receive him or them into Work, if such Master printer or Master founder of Letters have not a Journeyman already, although such Master printer or Master founder of Letters respectively, with his Apprentice or Apprentices be able without the help of the said journeyman to discharge his own Work, upon pain that every Master printer, and Master founder of Letters respectively, refilling to receive such Journeyman repairing to him, as aforesaid, shall forfeit Five pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information in any Court of Record, wherein no Effoign, Wager at Law, Privilege or Protection shall be admitted; the one moiety of which forfeiture shall go the Kings Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other moiety to the Informer who shall sue for the same within six months next after the said Offence committed; And if any Journeyman, or Journeymen printers, or Founders of Letters for Printing, shall refuse Employment, being offered to him or them by any Master printer, or Master founder of Letters respectively, or neglect it when he or they have undertaken it, he or they so refusing or neglecting, shall suffer three months Imprisonment at the least, without Bail or Mainprize, upon conviction of such his said refusal or neglect by two Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or justices of the Peace, who are hereby impow ered to hear and examine the said Offence, and to commit the said Offender and Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County where he or they shall be apprehended : And no Master printer, or Master founder of Letters for Printing, shall from henceforth employ either to work at the Case or Press, or otherwise about his Printing, any person or persons than such only as are Englishmen and Freemen, or the Sons of Freemen, or Apprentices to the said Trades or Mysteries of Printing, or Sounding of Letters for Printing respectively.

■whomayfearch ‘ XV And for the better discovering of Printing in Corners w ithout Licence, ' Be it further enabled Houses and by the Authority aforesaid, That one or more of the Mcffengers of his Majesties Chamber, by Warrant

fpescd Books uncler his Majesties Sign manual, or under the Hand of one or more of his Majesties Principal Secreta

»iid Papers. ries of State, or the Master and Wardens of the said Company of Stationers, or any one of them, shall

have power and authority with a Constable, to take unto them such assistance as they shall think needful, and at what time they shall think fit, to search all Houses and Shops where they shall know, or upon some probable reason iufpecl any Books or Papers to be printed, bound or stitched, especially Printing houses. book sellers Shops and Warehouses, and bookbinders Houses and Shops, and to view there what is imprinting, binding or Hitching, and to examine whether the same be Licensed, and to demand a sight of the said Licence; and if the said Book so imprinting, binding or ftitcliing, shall not be Licensed, then to seize upon so much thereof, as shall be found imprinted, together with the several Offenders, and to bring them before one or more justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorised and required to commit such Offenders to Prison, there to remain until they shall be tried and acquitted, or convicted and punished for the said Offences : And in case the said Searchers fnall upon their said Search, find any Book or Books, or part of Books unlicensed, which they shall fulpedl to contain matters therein contrary to the Doctrine or Discipline of the Church of England', or against the State and Government; Then upon such suspicion to seize upon such Book or Books, or part of Book or Books, and to bring the same unto the said Lord Archbiihop of Canterbury, and Lord Bishop of London for the time being, or one of them, or to the Secretaries of State, or one of them respectively, who shall take such further course for the suppressing thereof, as to them or any of shem shall seem fit.

XVI And

/

APPENDIX. 193

XVI And be it Ordained and Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Printer and Offender; a

Printers of Books, Founder, and Founders of Letters for Printing, and all and every other person and jjowto bemi '

perforis working in or for the said Trades, who from and after the Tenth day of June, in the year, niftitd.

One thousand six hundred sixty and two, shall offend against this present Actor any Article, Clause or

Thing herein contained, and final] be thereof convicted by Verdict, Confelfiort, or otherwise, shall for

the "first Offence be difenabled from exercising his respective Trade for the space of three years, And for the second Offence shall for ever thenceafter be disabled to use or exercise the Art or My fiery of Printing, or of Founding Letters for Printing, and fiiall also have and receive such further punishment by Fine, Imprisonment - other Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, as by the justices of the Court of Kings Bench, or Justices of Oyer and Terminer., or Justices of Assize in their several Circuits, or Justices of the Peace in their several Quarter sessions shall be thought fit to he. infiidled; 'The which said Justices of the Peace in their several Quarter sessions shall have full power and authority to hear and determine all and every Offence and Offences that shall be committed a gainll this Act, or against any branch thereof, upon Indictment or Information by any person or persons to be taken before them in their Sdfions of Peace respectively, and shall yearly certify into the Court of Exchequer, as in other like Cases they are bound to do, the Fines by them imposed for any of the Offences aforesaid, and shall and may also by virtue hereof award process and execution for the taking or punishing such Offenders as in any other case they lawfully may do by any. the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XVII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Printer shall reserve three Printed Copies printed Copies of the bed and largest Paper of every Book new printed, or reprinted by him with Addi t be rent to his tions, and shall before any public Vending of the said Book bring them to the Master of the. Company ar'nr.d tnc of Stationers, and deliver them to him, one whereof shall be delivered to the Keeper of his Majesties two Universi library, and the other two to be sent to the Vice chancellors of the two Universities Tefpectively, for ties.

the use of the Public Libraries of the said Universities.

XVIII Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to the Proviso for the prejudice or infringing of any the just Rights and Privileges of either of the two Universities of privileges of this Realm, touching and concerning the Licensing or Printing of Books in either of the said Univer verfitks.um" iities.

XIX Provided always, That no Search shall at any time be made in the House or Houses of any the peers Houles, Peers of this Realm, or of any other person or persons not being free of, or using any of the Trades in

this Act before mentioned, but by special Warrant from the Kings Majesty, under his Sign manual, or under the hand of one or both of his Majesties Principal Secretaries of State, or for any other Books than such as are in printing, or shall .be printed after the Tenth of June, 1662; anything in this Adito the contrary thereof in any wise notwithllanding.

XX Provided also. That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to prohibit pr0v; so for any Bookseller who hath served seven years, and is free of the Company of Stationers, London, from Bookfciicrs and Importing or Bringing into this Realm any Books ready bound not formerly prohibited, which have been printed ten years before the said Importation; anything in this or any other Adito the contrary 011 0 notwithllanding.

XXI Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That neither this Act, nor Persons selling anything therein contained, shall be construed to prohibit any person or persons to le'l Books or Papers, Books in weii who have sold Books and Papers within Wcjiminjier hall, the Palace of Westminjier, or in any Shop or minitci hall, Shops within twenty yards of the great Gate of Westminster hall. aforesaid, before the Twentieth day of November, One thousand six hundred sixty and one'; blit they and every of them may sell Books and

Papers as they have or did before the said 'Twentieth day of November, One thousand six hundred sixty one, within the said Hall, Palace, and Twenty yards aforesaid, but not elsewhere; any tiling in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithllanding.

XXII Provided also, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to prejm proviso.for the

judice the just Rights and Privileges granted by his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predecessors, to any vife'igetof person or persons, under his Majesties Great Seal, or otherwise, but that such person or persons may ex printing grant ..ercife and use such Rights and Privileges, as aforesaid, according to their respective Grants; anything to any per in this Adito the contrary notwithllanding. king.yt S

XXIII Provided also, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to pro' ' John Streatsr Stationer, from Printing Books and Papers, but that he may still follow the Art and John Strsater Mystery of Printing, as if this Act had never been made; any tiling therein to the contrary not with stationer, handing.

XXIV Provided also. That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to restrain proviso for the the keeping and using of a printing press in the City of York, so as all Books of Divinity there printed. City of York, be first Licensed by the Archbishop of York for the time being, or such person or persons whom he

flial! appoint, and all other Books whatsoever there printed, be first Licensed by such persons respectively to whom the Licensing thereof doth or shall appertain by the Rules herein before mentioned, and so as no Bibles be there printed, nor any othep Book, whereof the Original Copy is or shall be belonging to the Company of Stationers in London, or any Member thereof; and so as the Archbishop or Lord Mayor of York for the time being, do execute within the said City (which they are hereby impovvered to do) all the Powers and Rules in this Act concerning Searches for unlicensed Books, and impose and levy the said penalties in.the like cases; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithllanding.

C C x^fv. Provided,

iq

The contimi anccofthis Act.

14 Car. 2. C 33.

Three Printed Copies of every Book in london, how to be disposed.

Kooks Printed in the Universities,

APPENDIX.

XXV Provided, That this Act lliall continue and be in force for two years, to commence from the Tenth of ‘june, One thousand six hundred sixty and two, and no longer. Continued 16 Car. 2, cap. 8. EXP.

Anno XVII C A R O L I II Regis.

At the Parliament begun at Westminster, the Eighth of May 1661. and by diverse Prorogations held at Oxford the Ninth of Odfober 1665, Anno 17 Car. 2.

CAP. IV

An Act for continuance of a former Aft for Regulating the Press.

BE it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, That an Act made in the Fourteenth year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord tyre King that now is, entitled. An Act for preventing Abuses in Printing Seditious, Treafooiable, and Uniicenfed Books and Pamphlets, and for Regulating of Printing, and Printing presses, Avail be continued with the Alterations and Additions made in and by this Act, and Avail remain in force until the end of the first Seifion of the next Parliament. E X P.

II And be it further enacted, That from and after the Six and twentieth day of December, One thousand six hundred sixty five, Every Printer within the City of London, or in any other place, except the two Universities, Avail reserve three Printed Copies of the best and largest Paper of every Book new printed, or reprinted by him with Additions; and shall before any public Vending of the said Book, bring them to the Mailer of the Company of Stationers, and deliver them to him; One whereof Avail by the said Mailer of tlve said Company of Stationers, within ten days after he hath so received the same, be delivered to tlve Keeper of his Majelties Library, and the other two within the said ten days to be sent to the Vice chancellors of the two Universities respectively, for the use of the public Libraries of the said Universities.

III And it is further enacted, That the Printers in the said Universities, and every of them respectively, from and after the said Six and twentieth day of December, Avail deliver one such Printed Copy, as aforesaid, of every Book so new Printed, or reprinted in the said Universities, or in either of them, to the Keeper of his Majesties Library, as aforesaid;; also to the vice-chancellor of either of the said Universities for the time being, two other such Printed Copies for the use of the public Libraries of the said Universities respectively. And if any of the Printers aforesaid, or the said Mailer of the Company of Stationers, Aval] not observe the direction of this Act therein, that then Ive and they so making default, in not delivering the said Printed Copies as aforesaid, lliall several ly forfeit besides the value of the said Primed Copies, the sum of Five pounds for every Copy not so delivered, as .also the value of the said Printed Copies, not so delivered: the same to be recovered by his majesty' ' Heirs and Successors, and by the Chancellor, Mailers and Scholars of either of the said Universities respectively, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his ma jelties Courts of Record at jfejiminjier, wherein no Elfoign, Protection, or Wager of Law lliall be allowed. -

Anno

APPENDIX,

197

Anno Regni JACOBI II Regis Anglia, Scotia, Francia, & Hibernia,

At the Parliament begun at Westminster the Nineteenth Day of May, Anno Dorn. 1685. In the First year of the Reign of our most Gracious Sovereign Lord James, by the Grace of Godj of England., scotlandfrance and. Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, V

CAP. XXII

An Act for Erecting a new Parish to be called the Parish of St. James within the Liberty

of Westminster.

WHEREAS a Church and Steeple have been lately built in or near to a Street called Jermin street in the Parith of St. Martins in the Fields in the County of Middlesex, and the same (together with the Coemetery or churchyard thereunto adjoining) hath been confccratcd by the Right Reverend Father in God Henry Lord Bishop of London, which said Church and Steeple, and the Wall enclosing the churchyard, and other Buildings and Ornaments therein and thereunto belonging, have been built and erected at the Charge and Credit of Henry late Earl of St. Albans, and the Inhabitants, Owners and Occupiers of the Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Precinct hereafter described, wherein the Sum of Seven thousand pounds or more hath been expended, part whereof is yet a Debt unpaid, and the said Steeple is yet uniinifhed, and no House provided for the Habitation of a Miniiter to officiate in the said Church, which will occasion a greater Expense : And foral'much as it is found necessary, and for the better accommodation and conveniency of the Inhabitants of the said Preeintt, that the same be made Parochial and divided from the said Parith of St. Martins, and that Provision be made for the building and providing a convenient House for a Rector or Minister to officiate in the said Church, and a competent Maintenance for him, and such others as shall be alliftant to him therein, as also for paying the Debts incurred for building the said Church, and making such Provision as shall be needful, to perfect and finish the Steeple, and otherwise, as it is hereafter expressed: :

Be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That all that Precindt included within the Bounds and Limits hereafter expressed, That is to say, all the Houses, Lands and Grounds comprehended in a place heretofore called St. James's Fields, with certain other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Confines thereof, beginning at a House situate at the south lide of the east end of a Street called Catherine street alias Pall mall street, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Valentine coffee man, having an Iron Balcony, including the said House, and extending from thence to the middle Denter of the Pavement of the Hay market street, over against a House there in the Occupation of one Thomas Batten a Sadler, taking in the west side of the said Street, from the said middle Denter to the west end of Coventry street, comprehending the north side thereof, and from thence inclining Northward by a House in the Occupation of one John Bolton Carver, by the west side of a Street called Princes's street, including the west side thereof, and proceeding from thence to the south end of the Place called Sohoe, and passing on the west side of the said Street or Place called Sohoe, including the said west side thereof, to a House being the Sign of the Talbot on the north east Corner of a Place called Currance his Corner, including the said House, and from thence taking in the south lide of the roadway called Tyburn road, Westward to a Houfe1 being the Sign of the Plough at the northwest Corner of a Lane called mary bone lane, including the said House, and from thence proceeding Southward on the east side of the said Lane to the north east Corner of a little Field called Crabtree Field, comprehending the same, and the Ground from thence Westward to the northwest Corner of a Field called or known by the name of the Ten acres field in the Tenure and Occupation of Richard Earl of Burlington, his Alfignee or Assigns, including the said Field, and the Highway between the same and the Garden wall of the said Earl of Burlington to the northwest Corner of the said Garden wall, including the said Garden and the Mansion House of the said Earl, called Burlington house, fronting the Street called Poriugal street, with all the Outhouses, Stables, Yards and Buildings thereof, and thereunto appertaining, and crofting from the southwest Corner of the Wall of the said House in the said Portugal street, to the middle Denter thereof, excluding all the north side of the said Street West ward from the southwest Corner of the said Wall, and proceeding from the said middle Denter Westward on the south lide of the said Portugal street to St. James's street, passing down the middle Part or Denter thereof towards St. James's houj'e, to the middle Channel on the south side of a new Street called Park place, comprehending all the east fitle of St. James' s street to St. James' s house, and all the west side thereof, from tyre said middle Channel downwards as far as the same extends, and including the soyth side of the said Park place, to the Garden of Barbara Duchess of Cleveland, comprehending the same, together with Cleveland house, and all the Yards, Stables, out houses and Buildings thereunto appertaining, and also the Street which leads from the outward Gate of the said House, fronting Part of St. James's house, to the Gate of the said House, and from thence to the said Pall mall street, comprehending all the Houses, Buildings and

Church and Steeple built in Jermin street. (Jonfecrated by the Bishop of London.

Erected at the Charge of the late Earl of St, Albans and others.

70001. expended.

Steeple unfinished, and no House for the Rector.

The Precindh to be Parochial and divided from St. Martins,

And Provision made to maintain a Mini tier and others to assist him.

And paying the Debts.

The Bounds and Limits of the Parish do feribed.

The end of the Bounds and Limits.

Distinct from St. Martins by the name of St. James. Pifcharged from all dependences on St. Martins, and from all Tithes, * C The Church and Churchyard Shall he the Parish C lurch and churchyard of St. James. Separated and dedicated to the Service of God. A Reltor and successive Heitors*

Dr. Tennifon conflittited the firfjt reor.

To be incorporate and have Succession. Enabled to sue and be sued.

To have an House eretted for him.

To purchase Lands over and above the present Endowment, not exceeding 2001* per Annum. The Advowson after the first Avoidance to be in the Bishop of London and Lord Jermine and their Heirs, C

Two Turns to be in the Lord Bishop of London, and one in the Lord Jermine in fiiccef t; on for all times to come. The Rector to be collated, presented and instituted as other Rectors are.

To take the like Duties, Arc. as the Vicar of St. Martins. Like profit of Burials in the Chancel.

The Endowment of the Reftor de

ftribed*

APPENDIX.

Yards backwards to the Wall which iriclofcs that part of St. James's Park which hath been lately made into a Garden, extending to. a House inhabited by Anthony Verreo Painter, lately in the Occupation of one Leonard Girk Gardener, and from thence to the Houle and Garden of Thomas Earl of Suffix, in eluding the same, together with the south side of a'little Street called Warwick street, to an Inn there, being the Sign of the ivbite hart, excluding the said White hart Inn, is and shall be from henceforth for ever a diilintft Pari sir of it felr, and be called by the name of the Parish of Saint James within the liberty of Wejbninjler, ■ and be divided and exempt from the said Parish of St. Martin, and from all Dependences, Offices, Charges and Contributions for or in respect thereof, and from the Cure of the Redfor aud Vicar of the said Parish of St. Martin, and their rdpedlive Successors, and nlfo discharged of all Tytlics, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, Eajier books, and all other Parochial Duties whatsoever relating to the same. ...

III And be it further enacted, That the said Church, situate within the Precincl aforesaid and the Ground thereunto adjoining, ipclofed and used for. a Cocmetery or .churchyard, shall be the Parish church and churchyard of the said Parish of St. James.

IV And the same is hereby enacted and declared to be for ever separated and dedicated to the Service

of God, and to be applied therein to the use and behalf of the Inhabitants from time to time inhabiting and to inhabit there; and that there shall be a Rector to have Care of the Souls of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and a perpetual Succession of Redtors there. _.

V And be it enacted, That Thomas Tennifon, Doctor of Divinity, the present Vicar of the said Parish of St. Martins (who hath since the Consecration of the said Church, very well and religiously by himself, and other pious and learned Ministers (by him procured) supplied the same in all Divine Offices for the Service of God, and the Instruction of the Inhabitants in the true Christian Religion) is hereby conlfituted the first Rector thereof, and he and his succeitors, Redtors of the said Parish, shall be incorporate, and shall have Capacity and Succession by the Name of the Rector of the Parish church of St. James within the Liberty of Westminjier, and shall be hereby .enabled to sue, and be sued by that Name in all Courts and Places in this Realm, and shall hatre the Care of the Souls of the Inhabitants within the said Parish, and have and enjoy to him and his succeitors for ever, one Message or Tenement for his Habitation, intended to be erected on part of the said churchyard, or near thereunto, and also to purchase and take Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to him and them, Redtors of the said Parish and Parish church, over and above the Rents, Tenements and Hereditaments hereby settled on the said Rector, and bis succeitors, not exceeding the yearly value of two hundred pounds.

VI And that the Patronage, Advowson, Donation, or Presentation of and. to the said Redory after the decease of the said first Rector, or next Avoidance thereof, shall appertain and belong to, and be hereby veiled in the Lord Bishop of London and his succeitors, and Thomas Lord Jermine and his Heirs for ever; that is to say, the first Rector after such Decease or Avoidance shall be presented or collated by the Lord Bishop of London for the time being; and the next to succeed him shall be presented by the Lord Jermine and his Heirs, and the two next succeeding turns by the Lord Bishop of London and his Successors, and the next Turn by the Lord Jermine and his Heirs; and the like Succession of two Turns for the Lord Hi sit op of London and his Successors, and one Turn for the Lord Jermine and his Heirs, shall be uled for all time to come.

VII Provided always, and be it enacted. That all the succeeding Redtors of.the said Parish and Parish church (except the flirt Rector thereof hereby constituted) Shall be presented, collated, instituted and includted as other Redtors, Parsons and Vicars respectively are accustomed to be,

VIII And be it further enadttd, That the first Rector, and all the succeeding Redtors thereof, shall] and may have, take and enjoy such and the like Oblations, Mortuaries, Eajier books or Offerings, and other Ecckfiaftical Duties arising within the said Parish of St. James, as the Vicar of S, t. Martin now enjoyeth, and shall have such and the like Profits of Burials in the Chancel of the said Church of St. James, as the same is limited in the Instrument of Consecration thereof, and as the said Vicar of St, Martin hath or might usually take for Burial in the Chancel of the said Church of St. Martin, and shall also be feil'ed in his and their Demefn as of Fee, as in the Right of the Church, of and in a certain Toft situate on the north side and east end of the said churchyard, containing in Front towards pickeidil/y street, alias Portugal street, thirty-three feet of a size, a little more or less, and in depth backward thirty-two foot and six inches, and of and in a certain piece or parcel of Ground whereon some Stables and Tenements are erected, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Sir 1 Thomas Bond of Peekham in the County of Surrey Baronet, and Thomas Bond Esquire, youngest Son of. the said Sir Thomas Bond, their Assign or Assigns, Tenant or Under tenants, containing in Front next the said Street, forty feet, and in depth backward seventy five feet, a little more or less, abutting on the said Street North, and on the Fall and South on the said churchyard, and the Ground now or late of Anthony Hart Bricklayer on the West, and the two Messuages or Tenements fronting the said Street, are now or late in the Tenure and Occupation of Richard Hayburne Carpenter, and the other now 'or late in the Tenure "of John Elifon, with all the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof, after the expiration of a Term of years therein granted to the said Sir Thomas Bond, and Thomas Bond, by one Indenture bearing date the seven and twentieth day of January, One thousand six hundred eighty four; and also of and in five Houles or Tenements with the Appurtenances, situate in the said Street called Jrrmine street, now or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Sir Ccsfar Wood, alias Cranmer, Knight, his Assign or Assigns, Tenant or Tenants, containing in Front from East to West one hundred twenty six feet, and in depth backward fourfeoreand three feet, a little more or less, and of and in the yearly Rent of sixty pounds reserved upon a Demise thereof to the said Sir Cesfar Wood, alias Cranmer, for the Term of fifty six years five months and twenty days, bearing date the tenth day of March, Ot .e thousand six .hundred

2 eighty.

ig9

atpendi X

eighty three, and other the Rents, Iffiies and Profits thereof, after the expiration of the said Term, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders of the Premises and every of them : Saving unto the said Thomas Tennifon all his Right, Title and Interest in and to the Premises, or any of them, which he hath or may claim by virtue of one Indenture or Mortgage bearing date the eighteenth day of May, One thousand six hundred eighty and four, and to all and every other person or persons, other than the Kings Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and other than the Trustees of the said Henry late Earl of St. Albans, or any other person or persons in Trull for him, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all their Right, Title, Interest, Claim or Demand to the Premises or any of them.

IX And it shall and maybe lawful for the said Rector and his Successors, Redtors of the said pa thereflormay rifh of St. James for the time being, to grant and demise such of the Premises, or any part thereof, (as grant Leases for are now in Lease) at the expiration or other sooner determination of such Lease, for the Term of one ?mpro\4durenc and forty years, upon a reasonable improved yearly Rent without taking any Fine for the same. without Fines.

X And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of the said Parish of St. The inhabitants James shall be from time to time subject to the Laws and Statutes now in force, or hereafter to be Law for choice made, for the Choice of churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Scavengers, Surveyors of the High of church war ways, Constables, and such other like Parish officers and other Parochial Duties within the said Parith, pelvni?£lher in like manner as the Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Martins are or might be subject and liable un and parochials to (except where it final] be etherwife hereby appointed) and that the Overseers of the Poor, Constables, Duties. Beadles and Scavengers of the said Parish of St. Martins, which shall be in those Offices at the end of ?.mcers

this present Session of Parliament, final! continue therein, and execute those Offices in the said Parish of jn^vttheerd' St. James, till the Feast of Eajler then next ensuing, and the Surveyors of the high ways of the said of this Session of Panlh of St. Martin then in being shall execute their Office in the said Parish of St. James, from ^fccute tht's*1* the said end of this Session of Parliament till the Feast of chri/imas then next following and no ^ffice^in'lhe longer. • Parish of St.

Xll And be it further enacted, That John Haynes Carpenter, and tvilliam Nott Bookbinder, shall and jame'piieafier are hereby constituted the first churchwardens of the said Parish of St. James, to have, hold and exe „ext 1111 ma cute the said Offices till the Feast of Eajler, which shall be in the year of our Lord, One thousand six Mo Haynes and hundred eighty six, and they and their Successors churchwardens of the said Parish of St. James, church shall have and receive such and the like Church duties and Perquifities as the churchwardens of the wardentof St. said Parish ot St. Martins do, may, might or ought to receive, and shall be accountable for the lame, James, and all other Money that shall come to them as churchwardens, in such manner as churchwardens f eafs 11 v036 other Pariihes within the City and Liberties of jvejhuinjler are or ought to be.. To receive such

XII Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such vestry men of the said Parish of St. Martin Duties as the as are Inhabitants within the Precincts aforesaid, and all such others, as are row confiituted to be Su ar" pervifors and Commissioners for the said Church of St. James by the said Lord Bishop of London, shall Martins, and be vestry men of the said Parish of St. James, and they, together with the said Rector of the said Pa shall fceaccount rifh, or any six or more of them, shall and are hereby authorised at their first or second meeting after ^eefor F, e the end of this present Session of Parliament, to elect so many additional vcfiry men Inhabitants and The Vestrymen Houfholclers within the said Parish, as shall make the number of the whole, with the Rector and pf St, Martins churchwardens for the time being, to be four and thirty persons, and the said vestry men, ' or any six

or more of them, (whereof the Rector for the time being, or his Alliftant or Clerk, by his appoint and the Super

ment and one of the churchwardens, to be two) shall and may have and exercise the like power vifors of the

and authority for ordering and regulating the Affairs of the said Parish of St. James, as the Vestry

men'of the said Parish ot St. Martin now have and exercise in reference to the said Parish of St. thereof.

Martin, and upon the death or other voidance of any such vestry man, they or any six or more Theyhail eiedt

of them, shall and may elect a fit person, Inhabitant and Houlholder in the said Parish, to supply the

same. _ _ The Rector and

XIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That the churchwardens of the said Parish for the time Veiirymen have

being, shall not at any time dispose of any of the Pews or Places in Pews in the said Church, to any Js Veflrymenof person not an Inhabitant thereof, nor without the consent and allowance of the vestry men for the St. Martins, time being, or any six or more of them. i'ews not to be

XIV And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rector of the said Parish for the time by^onffnt of being

shall and may, by and with the consent of the said vestry men and churchwardens thereof for the Vestrymen. the time being, or any six or more of them, whereof one of the churchwardens to be one, from time thereflorwith to time, nominate one able Minister in Priests Orders to reside in the said Parish, to be Preacher and v"rtry tonomi assistant to the said Rector and his Successors in the Celebration of the Divine Offices of Praying and rate a Preacher Preaching, and other Duties incident to be performed in the said Church and Parish, as the Rector shall to be affiitant to require of him; and likenife to nominate a nt person in like Orders to be Clerk of the said Parish and And tonomi parish church, and one or more Sexton or Sextons; to which Clerk and Sextons relpedlively there nate a Clerk to shall he such and the like Dues, Sees, Perquifities and Profits paid and allowed, as are or have at any be in Priests time been paid or payable, or belonging to lhe Clerk and Sextons of the said Parish churdi of St. oneor'more Martin respectively: : said Preacher assistant, Clerk and Sexton or Sextons, and every of them, Sextons, shall continue in his said place during his or their natural Lives, if they shall so long inhabit there, ex joha^ectlhek cept for fomc Offence or Misgovernment by them, or any of them committed (and unless for Cause an^.stxton'of reasonable proved) they shall be difplaccd by the said Rector for the time being, by and with the const. Martins, sent of the said vestry men, or any six or more of them. Preacher, clerk

1 3 ' vu T a J and Sexton to

AV. And be for Lite; yet

subject for Misgovernment to be displaced.

200 A P P E N D I X

Pi n°l"b'5 U' ke lc eiaa&ed> That the church wardens of the said Parish of St. James for the time be

to^lic £iu'k.l ing» shall and are hereby required from time to time to pay the yearly Sum of thirty pounds to the ■ Clerk to be appointed, as aforesaid, out of the Profits ot the Pews in the said. Church, and other the Duties, Profits and Perquifities to them accruing, as aforesaid, by four quarterly payments; that is to

say, on the Keafi of St. Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord God, the Annunciation of

the blelted Virgin Mary, and St. John the Baptist, or ten days after every of the said respective L eafts, by equal and even portions; the first payment to be accounted due and payable from

the firrt of the said Fearts that shall! happen after the end of this present Session of Parliament.

An Estimate to XVI And be it enatfted by the Authority atorefaid, That the said churchwardens and vestry men, evai cof'fi 111 or any or more of them, shall and are hereby authorised and required within ten days after the end aiming the of this Session of Parliament, to make or cause to be made, an Estimate in writing, under the Hand or steeple, amt Hands of some sufficient person or persons qualified for the same, of the Charge of finishing the Steeple house^orthe °* tjle Glrurch, and providing a Clock, and one or more Bells for the same, and other Works northeast

reqor, ceflary and requisite in and about the said Church and Steeple, and of building a convenient Houle for

the rehor. And such sum or sums of Money as shall appear to them upon such Estimate to be in their Debts incurred Judgments competent to accomplish the Premises, and to satisfy and pay the Debts incurred for or by for building the reason of the said Church, shall be by them, or any six or more of them, charged upon all and every of vjn'jbfhnii be ie hilrabitants, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, * or any Personal ciurgcd on the Estate within the said Parish, to be by them paid in four years by sixteen quarterly and fuccelfive pay

Owners and menls; the first whereof to commence and become payable to the churchwardens for the time being.

Occupiers of (who are hereby authorised to receive the same at the first of the feast days aforesaid, as shall happen af paki in four ler fly a Helling and taxing thereof) and the rest to be successively to them also quarterly paid at the fuc years by sixteen ceeding feast days at'orelaid, until all the said sixteen quarterly payments shall be made and finished;; pay aiu] the said churchwardens and vellry men, or any six or more of them, are hereby required and au the Church thorized, within ten days after the first of the Feasts that shall happen after the end of this Session of wardens and Parliament, to assess, tax and rate the first of the said quarterly payments after a pound rate, according shall'affifslnd t0 le ‘mproved yearly values of the Premises, or otherwise as they shall think meet, and in like man tax thefaidand ner t0 alfefs every other of the said quarterly payments within ten days after the time of payment of the quarterly pay next preceding quarterly payment, all which laid Alieflments shall be confirmed and allowed by the two Wh 'bfl 11 be nj'xt ju^‘ce: i f Peace of and dwelling within tyre City and Liberty of Westminster, under their confirmed by Hands and Seals, and be collected by such persons Inhabitants of the said Parish, as the said two junices of vestry men, or any six or more of them, shall from time to time under their Hands and Seals the Peace, appoint.

be°iaxed at teis' XVII Provided always, and be it enacted. That no Tenant or Occupier of any of the said Lands, than a filth Tenements and Hereditaments shall be rated lor his or her Personal Estate in any one quarterly payment, on the Landlord at lana Part le um defied upon the Landlord of the same.

Lithe estimate ' XVIII And that if the Estimate and Computation to be made, as .aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to be not sufficient, discharge the Debts incurred about the building of the said Church, and finish the said Steeple, and other rna^be made • Works hereby intended to be done, The said vestry men, or any six or more of them, shall and may niay charge anti affels any such additional Sum or Sums upon the said Inhabitants, Owners and Occu

so as the \_.

Taxtoberaif piers as mall be needful to perfect and accomplish the same, so as such additional Sum, together with the Sum hereby charged and payable by the said sixteen quarterly payments exceed not in the whole, the Sum of .two thousand pounds.

XIX And be it enacted, That the several and respective Tenants or Tenant of all Houses and Lands

?he Taxrated^ all he taxed or rated by virtue of this Act for the purposes aforesaid, are hereby authorised

10 a 'iatec and required to pay such sum or sums of Money as shall be taxed, rated Or aflefied upon such House or Land, or upon them or. any of them in respect thereof, and to.dedudt out of their Rent so much of .the said Rates, as in respect of the said Rent or every such House and Land, the Landlord should or ought to pay and bear, and the said Landlords mediate arid immediate, according to. their refpeiftive Interests, are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon the Receipt of the residue of the ja^d|ordsffiall Rents; and every Tenant paying the said Tax or Afleffinent, shall be acquitted and discharged for ""...... so much Money as the said Tax or Alfeflinent shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually

paid unto such person or persons unto whom his or her Rent should have been due and payable.

XX And be it further enacted, That the churchwardens of the said Parish of St. James shall cause all the Debts, Credits and Contracts made and to be made, with or by the Artificers and Workmen employed or to be employed for any Work or Building to be made or done in or about the Premises, to be entered and registred in one or more Book or Books (to be kept for that purpose) and the said vestry men, or any six or more them, out of the Money collected and paid to the said..........

.......... upon the said quarterly payments, shall in the first place pay and discharge, or cause

first discharged. to be paid and discharged, all such Debts, Mortgages and Encumbrances wherewith any of the Houses

be paidtn <llaji hereby settled on the Reftor, are in any manner affected or incumbred, and alter the discharge thereof,

course accord shall then ifiiie and pay, or cause to be issued and pajd to the Artificers and Workmen employed or to be

ing to the dates employed in and about the finishing of the said Steeple, House and Premises, all and every lhm and

ffigffieirljebts.* sums f Money now or hereafter due and payable unto them, their Executors, Administrators or Af

Aiid moderate' signs, propordonably, according to .the dates of the Registring of their Debts and Credits, as aforesaid,

interest for for with moderate Interest for their forbearance thereof,,

lesr.incc, q

ed in 4 years for the Church, do not exceed 2ocol.

on them.

And dedudt the same out of their Rent.

allow of such deduction,

Debts and Contrails with Artificers shall be registered. Encumbrances on the Houses settled on the Rector shall be

XXI And

201

APPENDIX.

XXI And be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the churchwardens of the said Parish for

the time being, together with four, three or more substantial Houfholders thereof, shall upon the Tuef ta>a; ec! forais*

day in easter week next after the end of this seition of Parliament, or at any time within ten days afer Preadisr.

the said Tuesday, and so yearly for ever, proportionably tax, rate and assess the yearly Sum of One

hundred pounds upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Houles, Tenements and Hereditament!

within the said Parish for the payment of the Preacher assistant to be nominated and appointed, as

aforesaid;; said Assessment shall be confirmed and allowed in such manner as other the afleftments

hereby appointed to be made, as aforesaid, and be collected and paid yearly to the churchwardens for Tobecoijefied

the time being, by such person or persons'as the said churchwardens shall appoint at the four usual "nd pavrto the

Fcafts, or times of the year before mentioned. The firs payment to begin and be made at the Feaff je "slcl"war"

of St. John the Baptist: next after the taxing and aflefling thereof; And the said churchwardens, or either

of them, shall .pay the said yearly Sum of one hundred pounds, over and above all Charges annumfiiali be

and Deductions for collecting the same to the said Preacher assistant for the time being, to be no paid to the

minated, as aforesaid, upon the said four usual Feasts or Terms in the year, by even and equal por freadier by

tions; The firs payment to begin at the said Feast of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist lass men ™n'ts.llyfy'

tioned.

XXII And it is hereby enabled and ordained, That in Case a default of payment happen of any of yavmen^to tli4£

the Sums aforesaid, to be paid by the churchwardens for the time being, or any of them, to the said Preacher or Preacher assistant, or Clerk, and lawful Demand thereof being made at the dwelling house of any of Clerk, the ju the said churchwardens, that then the two next Juffiees of the Peace of the place shall and may, upon e‘ve

Complaint of the Party grieved in this behalf, give Relief according to the true intent of this act, and and imprison shall and may cause the church warden orchurch wardens offending therein, to be imprisoned, till pay the church ment be made of what shall be so behind and unpaid. Mymsntbe

XXIII And be it enabled, That the said churchwardens, together with four, three or more made,

substantial Houfholders, as aforesaid, shall and are hereby authorised from time to time, to make Taxes may be Rates and Affelfments upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers, as aforesaid, for the railing Money for u^church^and the payment of Scavengers or Rakers for cleansing the Streets of the said Parish, and likewise for cleanse the repaying and amending the Church, Steeple, churchyard and Vestry room of the said Parish, Streets, when need shall be. The said Rates, Taxes and afleftments for repairing and amending the Church the Church to and Premises, to be paid to the churchwardens of the said Parish, and those and all other the be paid to the said last mentioned Rates, Taxes and Affcflments to be made and collected, confirmed and allowed, as church war ofnrpdirf dens, confirm

arorciaici. ^ ^ ed and allowed

XXIV Provided always, and be it enabled. That for the better and more easy taxing and making as other Taxes, of the afleftments for the payment of a Preacher assistant, as aforesaid, the churchwardens shall on ttot, ice.t0 be every eajier day, after the end of this Session of Parliament, give Notice in the Church by Name to churciinathea such and so many substantial Houfholders, as they think lit to alfemble and meet with them on the next fter tohcufe tuesday after in the Vestry or Chancel of the said Church to make the said Assessment. And if notice be

not glen, and a Meeting thereupon had by and with the persons so named, then every of them offend Remedy for ''5' ing therein, which shall not make proof of a reasonable Cause df his absence before some one Justice of default of no the Peace of the City and Liberty of Westminjier, ftiall forfeit the sum of five pounds to the said Preacher, ^heoffendtr'uj to be levied by Diftrels and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any vsy °ifo the ° one Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus to the Owner thereof, after deduction of Preacher, reasonable Charges for levying the same.

XXV And be it further enabled, That if any of the said afleftments shall be taxed or assessed cn fifties sin the any person not of ability to pay the same, or upon any House that after the making thereof shall*e become void, whereby the same cannot be collebled, or that through any wiifulnefs or deficiency of

s Collector, or any Mistake or Accident whatsoever, there be a deficiency in one of the said quar The same to be t crly or other payments, or sums of Money payable by this Abl, the same shall be re assessed or roafitired. added to the next succeeding Assessment, and be therewith re assessed, collected and levied in manner, as aforesaid.

XXVI Provided always, and be it enabled. That if any person nominated to be a Coliedlor of, or Negligence f. for any Tax or Assessment made by V rtue of this Abl, shall refuse to accept the

in his Duty therein, he shall forfeit for every Offence the sum of forty Shillings to the use of the Poor

nf the, fain Parish tn he levied hv Warrant nf nnv nne tnfvire nf the Peaee. a fn re fa id under hie

Office, oi be negligent ^sccls Punl "lof

the said Parish, to be levied by Warrant of any one Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, under his Hand and Seal, by Distress and Sale of his Goods, to be taken and applied to the use aforesaid. And if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay the sum or sums of Money on him or her rated or assessed by Remedy to levy virtue of this Abl, it shall and may be lawful for the said Colleblors by Warrant under the Hands and ‘he on Re seals of any two Justices of the Peace of the place, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods rs°to pay! ot the Offender, rendering the Overplus to the Owners thereof after dedudlion of reaionable Charges penaltyiorcon for making the same. And if any person or. persons so refuling or neglebling, as aforesaid, shall convey avray away their Goods, whereby the sum assessed cannot be levied, any two Justices of the Peace, as aforet, ™ just; cei said, are hereby empowered by Warrant under their Hands and Sea's, to imprison the Offender, (not be may decide ing a Peer or Pcerefs of this Realm) and to cause him or her to be detained in the Common goal of the said City and Liberty of jvejiminjier till the Sum on him or her taxed, and the Charges for bringing in na"c, 0, the same, be satisfied. And if any difference shall arise between Landlord and Tenant, or any other per and relieve Person concerning any of the said quarterly afleftments, or if any person shall find him or herself grieved fons overrated, with any Assessment or Tax made by virtue of this Abl, any two Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, shall and have hereby power finally to hear, settle and determine the same as they shall think meet.

APPEND. D d XXVII Provided

Scavengers and Surveyors of the Highways shall yearly account.

And shall pay the Money remaining in their Hands to the succeeding Scavengers. Scavenges and Surveyors refusing to account, hall he imprisoned.

The Dean of Westminster, C to eie& additional Burgesses.

Wards to be set out for such Burgesses.

The Dean C and Burgesses to choose Mill ft ants to the Burgesses.

Burgesses and Alfftarts to take the Oaths appointed.

And to continue and be supplied. To accept die Offices upon pains to be inflicted.

The Power of the Burgesses and Atfiftants. Their privileges and Authorities.

Remedy if the Dean of vveft minster, C hail not cleft Burgesses and Afliftnnts.

The Lord Bishop of London to execute ecclesiastical jurisdiction in the J'anth of St. James.

Persons sued may plead the general lflue, and recover tr«ble coflsa

APPENDIX.

XXVII Provided always, That such Sums of Money as shall be yearly afieffed in the said Parish of St .James, for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the High ways, shall be yearly accouted for by the Scavengers and Surveyors of the high ways reflectively which collected the same, to two or more of the Justices aforesaid, within four days after the electing of new Scavengers and Surveyors of the Highways for the ensuing year, and such Sum or Sums as shall be remaining in their hands, shall be by them paid over to the next succeeding Scavengers and Surveyors of the Highways respectively, and any two such Just ces of the Peace shall and may, bv virtue hereof, commit every or the said Scavengers or Surveyors to the said Common gaol, which shall refuse to Account, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he have made a true Account, and fatisiied and paid so much as upon the same shall be remaining in his Hands, and the Sheriffs of Middlesex, or his or their Under sheriffs, and the Bailiff of Wefuninjier and his Deputy or Deputies, and all Constables in the City and Liberties of ivefminfler, are hereby required to be aiding and alfifting when thereunto required, in the execution of this Act.

XXVIII And be it enabled. That the Dean of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter's in jvejlminjler or his Sueceffors, or the High steward there for the time being, shall and are hereby required and authorised on the next Thursday in eajlcr tveck next after the end of this Session of Parliament, and so yearly for ever hereafter to nominate'and elect Two sufficient Persons inhabiting within the said Parish of St. James, to be additional Burgesses to those already constituted by virtue of one Act of Parliament made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, entitled, An Act for the good Government of the City and Borough of Westminster in the County of Middlesex;; the Government of every which Burgesses, there shall be a Ward set out by fit Metes and Bounds in the said Parish of St. James.

‘ XXIX And for the more aid and assistance of the said Burgesses, 5 It is hereby enabled, That the said Dean or his Sueceffors, or the said High steward or his lawful Deputy, with all the Burgesses then in being, or the more part of them, within eight days after the Eleblion and Choice of the said Two Burgesses, shall nominate and elebl Two other able Persons inhabiting in the said Parish, to be af fiftants to the said Burgesses; which said Burgesses and Assistants shall take the Oaths appointed by the said Abt to be taken by Burgesses and Assistants, and continue in their Places, (if they shall inhabit in the said Parish) for such time, and be supplied upon Death or Removal, as other Burgesses and Assistants are thereby to continue and be supplied, and shall also accept, occupy and enjoy the said Rooms, upon the pains to be respectively imposed by the said Act upon Burgesses and Assistants that shall refuse the same, to be levied of every of them, as therein it is ordained. And every of the said Burgesses, together with his Assistant, shall and may do, and deal within the Ward to them appointed in every thinjj and things, as Aldermens Deputies in the City of London lawfully do or might at any time lawfully have done, and shall have and enjoy such and the like Liberties, Privileges, and Authorities in all Refpebls, as other Burgesses and Assistants of the said City and Liberties of Westminster by the said Abt do or may enjoy. And shall and are hereby enabled to do and execute all and every the like Abt and Deed, Thing and Things to be thereby done and executed by them or any of them.

XXX Provided always, That in case the Dean of Wefmbifter aforesaid, or his Sueceffors, and the High steward for the time being, and his lawful Deputy, shall not nominate and elect Burgesses and Assistants for the said Parish of St. James at the Times before limited, that then it shall and may be lawful for two Justices of the Peace within the County of Middlesex .or City and Liberty of tve(i- mitijier, whereof o C to be of the fhiorum, to nominate and choose the said Burgesses and Assistants, which being so by them nominated and chosen, shall occupy and enjoy the said Rooms upon the pains in the said recited Aft limited, and have and enjoy such Rights and Liberties and Authorities in all refpebls, as if they had been nominated and elebled by the said Dean and, High steward, as arorefaid.

XXXI Provided always, and be it enabled. That the Lord Bishop of London, and his Sueceffors, shall and may at all times hereafter execute Ecclesiastical Jurifdibtion in the said Parish of St. James, as he or they may do in any other Parish within the Diocese of London.

XXXII And be it enabled, That if any Ablions, Plaint, or Suit, or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for what he or they shall do in pursuance or Execution of this Act, such person and persons so sued rnay plead the General issue of Not Guilty, and upon any issue joined, give this Act and the cfpecial Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a difcuntinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendants Avail recover Treble costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case wltere Costs by the Law are given to Defendants.

Anno

APPENDIX,

203

Anno Regni Guglielmi & Marine, Regis & Regina, Anglia, Scotia, Francia,

& Hibernia, Primo.

On the Twenty second Day of June, Anno Bom. 1689. In the First Year of Their ma jefties Reign, this at Passed the Royal aftent.

CAP. XX

An Act for a Grant to Their Majesties of an Aid of Twelve pence in the Pound for One Year, for the necessary Defence of Their Realms.

* X T E Your Majesties most Dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the Commons Assembled in Parlia ‘ V/V/ merit, having entered into a serious Consideration of the extraordinary Occasions which

* Tv' engage Your Majesties in a great and present Expense for the necessary Defence of Your

* Realms, and being desirous to raise proportionable Aids and Supplies, do humbly Present Your Ma ‘ jefties with the Free Gift of the Rates and Alieffments herein after mentioned. And beseech Your Ma

* that it may be Enabled

II And be it enacted by the King and Queens most Excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That their Majesties shall have and receive the Rates and Assessments hereafter mentioned, of and from every Person, Spiritual and Temporal, of what Estate or Degree soever he or they be; which.said Rates or Assessments shall be Taxed, Aflefted, Levied and Paid into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, according to the Tenor of this al, and in manner and form following; (that is to say) That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds and Fraternities within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of I Vales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, having any Estate in Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Chattels or Personal Estate whatsoever, either in their own possession, or in the pofteflion of others in trust for them, (except, and out of the Premises deducted, such Sums of Money as he or they do bona side owe, and also the Stock upon Lands, and such Goods as are used for household stuff) shall yield and pay unto their Majesties Twelve pence in the Pound, according to the true yearly Profit thereof for one Year, to be Aflefted, Levied and Collected in manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say) For every Hundred pounds worth of such Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Chattels, or Personal Estate, the Sum of Six Shillings; and so after that rate for every greater or lesser quantity.

III And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person and Persons, com missioner and Commissioners, having, using or exercising any Office, or Employment of Profit (such Military Officers who are or shall be in Muster, or Pay in their Majesties Army or Navy only excepted) shall yield and pay unto their Majesties the Sum of Twelve pence for every Twenty Shillings, which he or they do receive in one year by virtue of any Fees, Profits to him or them accruing for, or by reason or occaflon of their several Offices or Employments, to be Aflefted, Jmpofed, Levied and Collected in such manner as hereafter is mentioned. ‘ And to the end a further Aid and Supply for their Majesties ‘ Occasions may be railed by a Charge upon all Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments with as much ‘ Equality and Indiflerency, as is possible by a Pound Rate of Twelve pence for every Twenty fhilings of ‘ the true yearly value for One year only and no longer; '

IV Be it further cnadfed by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands and Tenements, as well Freehold as Copyhold, as also all Quarries, all and every the Mines of Coal, Tin or Lead, and all ironworks and Salt Works, all Allom Mines or Works, all Parks, Chases, Warrens, Woods, Underwoods and Copices, Fifhings, Tithes, Tolls, and all other yearly Profits and Hereditaments of what nature or kind soever they be, situate, lying and being, happening and arising within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of v/clcs, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within any the Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Divisions, Ridings, Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Parishes and Places thereof as well within ancient Demesne and other Liberties and priviledg'd Places as without, shall be, and are hereby charged for One year only and no longer, with the Sum of Twelve pence for every Twenty Shillings of the true yearly value. And all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guilds, Mysteries, Fraternities and Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, having or holding in his, her or their actual pofl'cflion, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other the Hereditaments or Premises, shall yield and pay unto their Majesties the Sum of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings by the Year, which the fa d Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and other the Premises are now worth to be Leased, if the same were truly and bona side Leased or Demised at a rack Rent, and according to the full true yearly value thereof, without any respect had to the present Rents reserved for the same, if such Rents have been referred upon such Leases or Estates made for which any Fine or Income hath been paid or secured, and without any respect had to any former Rates or Taxes thereupon imposed: : said Sum of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings by the year of the said true yearly value of the Premises shall be Aflefted, Levied and Collected in manner hereafter mentioned, and shall be paid into the Receipt of their Majesties

D d?. Exchequer

204

APPENDIX.

Exchequer by two equal Payments; the first Payment thereof to begin and to be made upon the First day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and nine.

‘ V And whereas many of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, hereditaments or ‘ Premises intended by this Act to be Charged with the Pound Rate, as aforesaid, land incumbred with, * or are subject and liable to the Payment of several Rent charges or Annuities issuing out of the same, or ‘ to the Payment of diverse fee-farm Rents, Rents service, or other Rents thereupon reserved, by reason ‘ whereof the true Owners and Proprietors of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Heredita ‘ merits and Premises, do not in truth receive to their own use the full yearly value of.the same, for 1 which nevertheless they are by this Act Charged to pay the full Pound Rate of Twelve pence for every ‘ Twenty Shillings of the true yearly value

VI It is therefore Declared and Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Landlords, Owners and Proprietors of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises as are Charged with the Pound Rate as aforesaid, to abate and dedud, and to retain and keep in his or their Hands Twelve pence in the pound out of every fee-farm Rent, and other Annual Rent or Payment Charged upon, or issuing out of the Premises, or any part thereof, or thereupon reserved; And all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, being indebted in any Sum or Sums of Money upon Contract for Interest, shall, for the better enabling them to pay and bear the Rates and Charges herein before respectively Imposed upon them, be allowed by virtue of this Act, after the Rate of Twelve pence in the Pound out of all such Interest Money which shall be paid and grow due for any time between the Thirtieth day of November One thousand six hundred eighty nine, and the Thirtieth day of November One thousand six hundred ninety, by his or their respective Creditor or Creditors, out of the Debts so by them owing, as aforesaid, and may and are hereby enabled to dedud, retain and discount the same, Any Contract or Agreement, Mortgage, Bond, Condition, Provision, or otheraffurance to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; And all and every perfonand persons who are or shall be any way Entitled to such Rents and Annual Payments, are hereby required to allow such de dudions and Payments upon the Receipt of the Residue of such Moneys as shall be due and payable to them, as aforesaid;; all Tenants are hereby favedharmlefsfrom any other payment of the Twelve pence in the Pound so deduded, as fully and amply as if the same had been paid into his Majesties Exchequer, or to such Creditor or other Person to whom the same would otherwise have become due and payable.

VII And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Affefling, Ordering, Levying and Colleding of the several Sums of Money so as aforesaid limited and appointed to be paid, and for the more effectual putting of this present Ad in execution, it shall and may be lawful for their Majesties to issue out, or cause to be issued out under the Great Seal of England, such and so many Commissions as their Majesties shall think fit, and therein and thereby to nominate, constitute and appoint such'and so many Persons being Resident, and having real Estates to the value of One hundred pounds a year, in the respective Counties or Shires for which they shall be so Nominated to be Com, missioners for putting this present Ad in Execution, and also so many of them to be of a Quorum as their Majesties shall think convenient for the Execution of this Act; Which said Commissioners so as afore fajd to be nominated and appointed, shall in the respective Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Divisions, Towns and Places for which they shall be appointed Commissioners respectively, meet together at the mod usual or common Place of meeting within each of the said Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Divisions, Towns and Places respectively, at or before the Third day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine, or such other Day as their Majesties by their com mission shall appoi t; And the said Commissioners, or so many of them as, shall be present at the first general Meeting, or the major part of them, may by their Consents and Agreements divide as well themselves as other the Commissioners not then present, for the Execution of this Act, in Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, Towns and other Places within their Limits, Priviledged or not privilege,, such manner and form as to them shall seem expedient; and shall direct their several or joynt Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants, High Constables, Petty Constables, Bailiffs, and other like Officers and Ministers, and such Number of them as they in their Discretions shall think mod convenient, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners at such Place and Time, not exceeding Ten days, as they shall appoint; And at such their Appearances the said Commissioners shall openly read or cause to be read unto them, the Plates and Assessments in this Act mentioned,, and also openly declare the Effect of their Charge to them, and how, and in what manner they ought and (hold make thjr Certificates, and how they ought to proceed in the Execution of this Act, according to. the Rates aforesaid;; if any thigh Constables, Petty Constables, Bailiffs, Inhabitants, or other Officers or Ministers to whom any Precept flia L be directed, shall absent themselves, without lawful excufe.to be made out by the Oaths of two Credible Witnesses, or if any Person appearing shall refuse to serve,, every such Person so making defauh, or refusing to serve, shall for every time of such default or refusal, forfeit and lose unto their Majesties such Sum as the Commissioners, or the major part of them being present, shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings : And at or after such general Meeting had, and Charge given as aforefa d, the said Commissioners shall take care that Warrants be issued forth, and directed to Two at the lead of the rnoft able a., d sufficient Inhabitants of each Pariflt, Township or Place within their respective Divisions, thereby appointing and requiring them to be af feffors of all and every the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed, and shall therein also appoint and prefix a certain Day and Place tor the said Afleflors to appear before them, and to bring in their Certificates in Writing, of the Names and Surnames of every Person dwelling and redding within the Limits of those Places with which they shall be charged., and of the Substances and Values or every of

them

205

A" P P E N; D I X

them in Goods, Chattels, or other Personal Eftale, (stock upon Land, and Goods used for houlhold fluff excepted) or in Offices or' Employments of Profit : And the said Assessors are therein also to be required, and are hereby enjoined to ascertain and inform themselves by all lawful ways and means they can, of the true and full Rate and Valuation of the true yearly Rents and Profits of all Manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements, as also all Quarries, Mines of Coal, Tin, or Lead, all ironworks and saltworks, Allom Mines or Works, Parks, ..Chafes, Warrens, Woods, Underwoods, and Copices, Fifhings, Tithes, Tolls, and other Hereditaments, of what nature or kind soever, situate, lying and being, happening and arising within the Limits of those places with which they shall be charged; And being so thereof ascertained they are to Assess all and every the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Pfemiffes before appointed to be charged after the rate of Twelve pence for every Twenty shillings of the true yearly'value as the same are Let for, or are Worth to be Let at the time of the Assessing thereof as aforesaid, and to bring with them at the time and place so as aforesaid prefixed for their Appearance a Certificate in writing of the said Assessment, and shall then also return the Names of two or more able and sufficient persons living within the Limits and Bounds of those Parishes, Townihips, Conftablewicks, or Places' where they shall be chargeable respectively, to be Collectors of the Moneys to be paid to Their Majesties by this Act; For whose paying in to the head Collectors in manner hereafter' mentioned, such Moneys as they shall be charged withal, the Parish or Place wherein they are so Employed shall be answerable. And if any Assessors so as aforesaid appointed pr to be appointed shall neglect or refuse to serve, or shall make default at the time appointed for his (appearance (not having a lawful excuse to be witnessed by the Oaths of two credible Witnefies, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any two of them have power to adminiller) every such alteflbr shall for every such neglect, refusal or default, forfeit and lose unto Their Majesties such Sum as the C ir missioner shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Ten pounds : And every Affeffor so as aforesaid appointed or to be appointed, shall betore he take upon him the Execution of the said I m ploy merit take an Oath to be Administered in these words following;

‘ XT O U shall Swear, Well and Truly to Execute the duty of an Afleflor, and to cause the Rates ‘ ][ and Duties Imposed by an Act, Entitled, An Alii for a Grant to Their apajefies of an Aid of ‘ Twelve pence in the Pound for One Tear, for the necessary Defence of Their Realms, to be Duly and im C partially Assessed, according to the best of your Skill and Knowledge, and therein you shall Spare 4 no Person for Favour or Aiteftion, Nor any Person Grieve for Hatred or 111 Will;

* So help you God

Which Oath any two Com midi oners in the County where the said Assessment is to be made have hereby power, and are required to Administer.

VIII And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Assessments upon all Goods, Chattels, Personal Estate, Offices and Public Places and Employments charged by this Act shall be ascertained, and the Certificates thereof returned to the Commissioners upon or before the Twelfth day of October, One thousand six hundred eighty nine, unless the Commissioners shall think, fit to give further time; And also the Taxations and Assessments of the Pound rate of Twelve pence in the pound for every Twenty shillings of the yearly value of all Meflbages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises charged by this Act, shall be made and ascertained, and the several and respective Certificates thereof returned in to the Commissioners, upon or before the Twelfth day of October aforesaid, unless the Commissioners shall think fit to give further time; And the said Assessors are hereby required to give one Copy of their Certificates, or Assessments fairly written and subscribed by them unto the said Commissioners by whom they were appointed, and the said Commissioners or any two pr more of them .arc hereby ordered and required to cause the said several and re'peftive assess ments to them delivered (if by them approved of) to be fairly written, and to Sign and Seal several Duplicates or Copies of the said Affeffinents, and one of them so Signed and Sealed, forthwith to deliver or cause to be delivered unto the Subcolleftors;. And (haft likewise deliver or cause to be delivered other Copies thereof so Signed and Sealed unto the Head Collectors and Receivers General, according to their several and respective Cofieftions and Receipts; And moreover the Commiilionets shall cause a true Copy or Extract of the whole Sums Assessed and Charged within every Hundred, Lathe, Wapentake, Parish, Ward, or Place, Rated or Assessed in pursuance of this Act, and of the whole Sums Rated or Assessed upon Personal Estates, Offices or iimployments, to be Certified and Transmitted into Their Majesties Court of Exchequer, under tyre Hands and Seals of any two or more of the Commissioners.. without naming the Persons in such their Certificates; And this the said Commissioners shall cause to be done upon or before the Twenty fifth day of November then next ensuing, or within Thirty days after, all Appeals to them made being first determined; And the Kings Remembrancer in the Exchequer for the time being shall, and is hereby required within Three months after the Duplicates of the Jaft Payment shall be Transmitted to him, to Transcribe all the Schedules and Duplicates of the. Sums Returned to him, from and for every respective County, Riding, City and Town, and every Hundred, Wapentake, Pariffi, Division, Town and Place therein, in a Book of Parchment, in Alphabetical'order, and in a fair Legible handwriting; and within Three months after the same shall be so by him. Received, shall Tranimit all and every the same. Schedules and Duplicates to the Office of the writer of the Talleys, commonly called the Auditors of the Receipt of the Exchequer, who is hereby likewise

Authorised

2c6

APPENDIX.

Authorised and Required to Enter the same in the like Alphabetical Order, in another Book of Parchment fairly written, to be provided for that Purpose.

IX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Cqmmissioners, or any two or more of them, thall issue out their Warrants or Eftrcats to the Subcolledtors, under their Hands and Seals, thereby requiring them to Levy and collccl all and every the Affeflments, and all the Moneys and Rates due thereupon, according to the Duplicate thereof by them received, and according to the intent and fubiequent Directions of this present Add; Which laid subcollectors are hereby Required to demand all and every the Rates and Affcifments herein mentioned, which are laid upon Persons in re spect of their Goods or Offices, and to make such Demands of the Parties themselves within Six days after the Receipt of such Warrant, and to Levy and Pay in the same, upon or before the Seventh day of November in the Year of our Lord One thousand LIX hundred eighty nine, or within Twenty days after, at such Place as the Commissioners shall appoint, unto their respective Head Collectors, who are hereby required to call upon, and hasten their Subcollectors to the said Payment; And at or upon the Fourteenth day of November then next enfuirg, or within Twenty days after, to Levy by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, by Diltrefs upon the Subcollectors respectively, such Sum and Sums of Money, as by him or them ought to have been paid, and is, or are not paid by reason of his failure in doing his Duty according to the Directions of this act, so as every Head Collector may make Payment unto the receiver-general of the said County, City, or Place, the full Sums by him to be paid on the Thirteenth day of November aforesaid, or within 'Twenty days after : And the receiver-general is likevvife required to call upon and hasten the said Head Collectors, and to pay what he shall so receive from the said Head colieclors, into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, upon or before die First: day of December aforesaid, or within Thirty days after, to the end that all and every the Rates and Afieffinents, which by this act are imposed upon any Person or Persons, in respect of his or their Goods and Chattels, or Offices or Employments, may be speedily brought into their Majesties Receipt of "Exchequer, and there paid in upon or before the said First day of December, or within Thirty days after, at one entire Payment. And the said subcollectors are also required and enjoined to Levy one "Moiety of the Pound Rate charged upon all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, as aforesaid, within Six days after the Receipt of such Warrants, and to pay the same unto their respective Head Collectors, on or before the Seventh day of November aforesaid, or within Twenty days after; And the said Head Collectors are to hasten the said subcollectors; And in case the same thall not be Collected by reason of the neglect or failure of Duty in the said subcollectors, the said Head Collectors are to proceed againtt them by Distress in like manner, and by like Warrant as aforesaid. And every Head Collector is hereby required to make payment of what" thall be so levied or received unto the receiver-general of the said County, City or Place, upon or before the Thirtieth day of November aforesaid, or within Twenty days after; And the receiver-general is likewise required to call upon and halten the said Head Collectors, and to pay what he thall receive from the said Head Collectors unto their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, upon or before the First day of December aforesaid, or within Thirty days after, to the end that the first Payment of the said Pound Rate of i welve pence in every Twenty findings yearly, may by that time be fully anhvered and paid in to their Majesties;; the subcollectors thall also Levy the other Moiety of the said Pound Rate, charged as aforesaid, upon or before the Seventh day of February then next ensuing, or within Twenty days after, and fnall also pay the same unto the said Head Collectors upon or before the Fourteenth day of February aforesaid, or within Twenty days after; And the said Head Collectors thall make payment thereof to the receiver-general of the said County, City or Place, upon or before the Twenty eighth day of February aforesaid, or within Twenty days after: And the said receiver-general is also required to make payment of all which he shall so receive, into their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, upon or before the First day of March then next ensuing, or within Thirty days after, to the end that the second Payment of the said Pound Rate so charged as aforesaid, may by that time he Lily anfwsred and paid in to their Majesties;; all Commissioners, Collectors and Receivers, are hereby Required and Enjoined to apply themselves with all Diligence to the most speedy and effectual Execution of their several and respective Duties, that so their Majesties Service herein may not be delayed or hindered through any of their wilful neglect or Default.

X And it is further euacied and Declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys received by the Subcolieflors within the respective Divisions or Hundreds, shall from time to time be duly paid to the Head Collector, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such subcollector; which subcollectcr for Gathering the said particular Sums, shall retain in his Hands for every Twenty shillings by him so paid. Threepence, as a Reward for his Pains and Service; And the Head Collector shall accordingly pay over the said Moneys unto the receiver-general of each County, City or Place re ipectively, in manner aforesaid;; Head Collector or Collectors shall be nominated and appointed by the Receivers General of the respective Counties; which said Receivers General shall be answerable for rdl such Sums ol Money as shall be by him or them Collected or Received; And that no subcollector shall be enforced to travel above the space of Ten miles for the payment of the said Moneys that shall be by him Collected or Received; And the said Receiver general's Aquittance shall be a sufficient Dish large unto every such Head coliector, who shall retain in his Hands for every Twenty Shillings so by him paid One penny, as a Reward for his Pains and Service; And the receiver-general fliall"pay the whole Sums by him Received, into the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, in such Manner, and at or b.c.. fire such Days and Times as are herein before limited, and shall have an Allowance of Twopence m the Pound for all Moneys which thall be by him paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, upon or before the time prefixed in this act. And for the careful Writing and Transcribing the said Warrants,

Eftreats

207

APPENDIX.

Eftreafs and Duplicates in due time, it is further Enacted, That the Commissioners Clerks, who shall respectively perform the same, shall by Warrant under two or more of the Commissioners Hands, have and receive from the respective Head Collectors, One penny in the Pound, of all fueh Moneys as he or they shall have received by virtue of such Warrants and Eftreats, who are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly; And if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay the several Rates and Assessments wherewith he is Charged by this Act, for or in respect of his Goods, Chattels, Personal Estate, Offices or Employments, and which he ought to pay, or if the Pound Rate, or any Payment thereof, so as aforesaid Charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises shall be neglected or refused to be paid, Then upon Demand made by the Officer or CCL ledtor of the Place, according to the Precept or Eftreat to him delivered by the Paid Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Colledtor, and they are hereby required for nonpayment thereof, to Diflrain the Person or Persons so rcfufmg or neglecting to pay, by his or their goods or Chattels, or to Diltrain in and upon the Messuages, Lands and Tenements so Charged; and the Goods and Chattels then and there found, and the Diltrefs so taken, to keep by the space of Four days at the Cods and Charges of the Owner thereof; And if the Paid Owner do not pay the Sum of Money due by this Act, within the said Four days, Then the said Dillrefs to be appr.zed by two or three of the Inhabitants where the said Distress is taken, and there to be sold by the said. Officer or Collector, for the payment of the said Money, and the Overplus coining by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the Charges of taking and keeping the Diftreis, to be immediately restated to the Owner thereof: And moreover, it shall be lawful to break open in the daytime any House, and upon Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the said Commissioners, any Chest, Trunk or Bom, or other things where such Goods are, and call to their Assistance the Constables, Tythingmen, or head boroughs within the Counties, Towns or Places where any Refusal, Neglect or Refinance shall be made; which said Officers are hereby.required to be Aiding and Assisting in the Premises.

XI And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons, chargeable with any Rates or Assessments by this Act imposed, shall be under the Age of One and twenty Years, there, and in every such Case, the Parents, Guardians, or Tutors of such Infants respectively, upon default of Payment by such Infants, shall be, and are hereby made liable to and chargeable with the Payments which such Infants ought to have made; And if such Parents, or Guardians, or Tutors, shall negledr or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against them in like manner, as against other Person or Persons making default of Payment, as herein before appointed : And all Parents, Guardians, or Tutors, making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every the Sums so paid for such Infants upon his and their Account: And the several and respective Tenants of all and every the Messuages, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, which by virtue of this Act shall be charged with any Pound Rate, as aforesaid, are hereby Required and Authorised to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be rated upon such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, and to dedudt out of the Rents so much of the said Rates as in respect of the said Rents payable for such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Premises the Landlord should and ought to bear; And all Landlords, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow such Dedudtions and Payments upon receipt of the residue of the Rents; And every Tenant paying the said Afieffment of the Pound Rate, shall be, and is hereby acquitted and discharged for so much Money as the said Assessment shall amount unto, as if the same had been actually paid unto such Person or Persons unto whom his Rent should have been due and payable.

XII And be it further Enacted, That every Person Rated or Assessed for his Office or Employment, shall be Rated, and pay for his said Office and Employment in the County, City or Place where such Office or Employment is executed; And every Person who is or shall be Rated for, or in respect of any Personal Eilate to him any way belonging, shall be Rated, and the Sum or Sums on him or her fet, shall be Levied at such Places where he or ihe with his or her Family shall be resident at the time of the Execution of this Act; And all Persons not being Houfholders, nor having a certain Place of Residence, shall be Taxed at the Place where they are resident, at the time of the Execution of this.act; And if any Person who ought to be taxed by virtue of this Act, shall at the time of his Assessment, for or in respect of his ready Moneys, or Personal v.state, be out of the Realm, such Person shall be Rated therefore in such County, City or Place where he was last abiding within the Realm; And every Person who shall be Rated or Assessed for or in respect of any Messuages, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other the Premises, according to the Pound Rate of Twelve pence in every Twenty shillings yearly, as aforesaid, shall be Pmted and Assessed in the Place where such Messuages, Manors Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises refpeciiveiy do lie, and not elsewhere.

XIII Provided always, That if any Person or Persons having several Mansion Houses or Places of Residence, shall be doubly charged by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of his or their Personal estate, Then uport Certificate made by two or mere of the Commissioners for the County, City or Place (which Certificate the said Commissioners are required to give without Delay, See or Reward) of his or their last Personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals, of the Sum or Sums charged upon him or them, and in what Capacity or Respect he or they were so charged : and upon Oath made of such Certificate before the Commissioners to whom such Certificate flail be tendred (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorised to administer) Then the Person and Persons so doubly charged shall, for so much as shall be so certified, be discharged in every other County, City or Place. And if any Person that ought to be Taxed by virtue of this Act, for or in rcfbect of his Personal Efrate, shall by changing his Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin escape from the Taxation, and not be

.4 Taxed,

208

APPENDIX.

Taxed, and the same be proved before the Commissioners or any two of them, or before any two justices of the Peace, of the County where such Person dwelleth or refideth, at any time within Six months next ensuing, after such Tax made, every Person that thail so escape from the Taxation and Payment, lliall be charged upon Proof thereof, at the double value of so much as he should or ought to have been Taxed at by this Act; The said double value upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners or justices before whom such Proof shall be made, to be Levied of the Goods, Lands, and Tenements ot such Persons towards the Supply aforesaid.

XIV And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners that fltall be within any County, City or Place within their respective Limits, or the major part of them, shall Rate, 'Pax and Aflfcfs every other Commissioner joined with them, for and in respect of the Goods, Chattels, and Personal Estate whereof such Commissioner fltall be polfeffed; And also for and in respect of the Offices and Employments of Profit, which at the time of such Taxation shall be held and enjoyed by such Commissioner, so as the Residence and usual dwelling place of such Commissioner foto be Taxed, be within the Division of such Commissioners by whom he is Taxed, and so as the Office or Employment held and enjoyed by fuchjbommissioner foto be Taxed, be likewise to be exercised within the Division or Limits of such Commissioners, by whom he is to be Taxed; And the Commissioners within their Division shall also aflel's every Afleffor within their Division, who shall be possessed of any Goods and Chattels," or other Personal Estate, for which by this Act he ought to be Rated and Afleflfed j And as well all Summons upon every the said Commissioners and altdlors, as the Alfieffinents made and let by the afteffors aforesaid, shall be Written, Eftreated, Levied and Gathered as it should and ought to have been if the said Commissioners had not been named Commissioners.

XV And be it further Enacted and Ordained by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person and Persons having any Share or Shares, or Interest in the fresh Stream of running water brought to the North parts of London, commonly called the New River; or in the Thames Waterworks;; in the Hyde piirk or Marybone Waters, or any Rents or Profits arising thereby; And all Person and Persons having any Share or Interest in the Stock or Stocks for Printing of Books in or belonging to the House commonly called the king's printing house, shall pay for the same the Sum of One shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the clear Yearly Value thereof; And that all Companies of Merchants in London charged by this Act, shall be Assessed by the Commissioners to be nominated and appointed for the said City, or any Three of them, for their respective joynt Stock and Stocks; And all and every Person and Persons having any Share or Shares, or Interest in the New River Water brought to the North parts of London, or in the Thames Waterworks, or the hyde park, ox Marybone Waters, or any Rents or Profits arising thereby charged by this Act; - And also the said Stock and Shares for Printing, as aforesaid, shall be Assessed for the same in like manner by the said Commissioners cr any Three of them, after the Rates herein contained; And the same fltall be paid to such Person or Persons, as the said com missioner shall appoint, by the Governors and Treasurers of the said respective Companies, and by the Trealurers of the said River water and waterworks, and Stock for Printiitg, and be deduded at and out .of their next Dividends.

XVI Pi ovided always, and it is hereby Declared, That the several Rates and Taxes, to which the Lords and Peers of this Realm, shall be liable by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of their Personal Estates and Offices, shall be received by a Collector, to be nominated by the Peers; which said col lector fltall cause the same to be paid into Their Majesties Receipt of Exchequer at jvejiminjier, upon or before the First day of December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty nine, or within Thirty days after.

XVII Provided also. That this at shall not extend to the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, 'Jersey or Gucrnfey, for or concerning any such Personal Estate aforesaid, which they, or any to their fife, have within the Places aforesaid, or so any who having been Inhabitants of Ireland, and have fled into this Kingdom, since the First day of November One thousand six hundred eighty eight, for or concerning any Personal Estate which they, or any to their life, have in this Kingdom of England, or in the said. kingdom of Ireland; And if any Person or Persons Certified, Affeflfed or Rated, for or in respect of any Real or Personal Estate, or for or in respect of any Matter or Thing, for which by this Act he or they is or may be Rated or Charged, do find him or themselves agrieved with such Assessing or Rating, ard do within Ten days after Demand thereof made, complain to the Commissioners, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them (whereof one of the Commissioners who Signed or Allowed his or their Rate to be one) shall and may within Fourteen days next after such Complaint, particularly Examine any Person or Persons upon his or their Oath (other then the Party complaining) touching the. value of his or their Real or Personal Estate, and other the Matters aforesaid, and upon due Examination, or Knowledge theseof, abate, defalk, increase or enlarge'the said Affelfinent; And the same so abated, inereafed or enlarged, shall be Certified or Eftreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid;; to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meet together for the determining of such Complaints and Appeals accordingly.

XVIII And it is further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Afleffor, Collector, Re, ceivcr, or other Person appointed by the Commissioners, shall wilfully neglect, or refuse to perform his duty in the due and speedy Execution of this Act, the said respective Commissioners, or any three or ■ more of them, may and shall, by virtue of this Act, Impose on such Person and Persons, so refilling or neglecting their Duties, any Fine not exceeding the Sum of Five pounds for any one Offence, the same to be Levied and Certified as aforesaid, into his Majesties Court of Exchequer, and Charged upon the respective receiver-general amongst the rest of the Rates aforesaid;; the said Commissioners, or any tyco or more of them, may or shall from time to time call for, and require an Account from the respective

209

A,. P Po E ' N D I X

fpedtive receiver-general, of all the Moneys received by him of the said Head Collectors, and of the payment thereof into His Majesties Receipt of Exchequer, according to the Direction of this Act; And in case of any failure in the Premises, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith Levied, and Paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act; And in case of any Controversy arising between the said Commiflianers, concerning any Rates or Assessments to be laid by virtue of this. Act, the Commissioners that sit all be concerned therein, jfhall have no Voice, but shall withdraw during the Debate of such Controversy, until it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners; And all Questions and Differences that shall arise touching any of the said Rates, Taxes, Assessments or Levies, shall be heard and finally determined by twm or more of the Commissioners, upon Complaint thereof to them made, by any Person or.persons thereby grieved, without further Trouble or Suit in Law; And the said Receivers General shall give Acquittances gratis to the said Head Collectors, for all Moneys of them received; And the said Head Collectors shall also give Acquittances gratis to the subcollectors, for all such Moneys as shall be paid by them in pursuance of this Act; And the said subcollectors shall make and deliver to the said Head Collectors, a perfect Schedule fairly written in Parchment under their Hands and Seals, Signed and Allowed by any two or more of the respective Commissioners, containing the Names, Surnames, and Places of abode, of every Person within their respective Collection, that shall make default of payment of any of the Sums that shall be Rated or Aflefied on such Person by virtue of this act, where no sufficient Distress is to be found, and not otherwise, and the Sum and Sums charged on every such Person: : same Schedule to be delivered by the Head Collector to, the receiver-general of the County, City or Place respectively, to be by him Returned into their Majesties Court of Exchequer, whereupon every Person so making default of payment may be charged by Process of the .Court, according to the course of the Court of Exchequer in such Cales.

XIX And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letters Patents granted by their

Majesties, or any of their Royal Progenitors, to any Person or.persons, Cities, Boroughs or Towns Corporate within this Realm of any manner of Liberties, Privileges, or Exemptions from Subsidies, Tolls, Taxes, Afleflinents or Aids, shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons, City, Borough or Town Corporate, or any the Inhabitants of the same, from the Burden and Charge of any Sum or Sums of Money granted by this act; But that all and every such Person and Persons, City, Borough and Town Corporate, shall pay their Proportions of all Rates and Aflefiments by this present ACI imposed (any such Letters Patents, Grants or Charters, or any Clause of Non objlante, matter or tiling therein contained, or any Law, Statute, Culiom or Prelcription, to the contrary notwithstanding >

Provided also. That no Person inhabiting in any City, Borough or Town Corporate, shall be compelled to be any Afleflor or Collector of, or for any part of the Rates and Afiefi'ments hereby granted, in any Place or Places out of the Limits of the said Borough or Town Corporate.

XXL Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained, shall be extended to charge any College or Hall in either of the Universities, or the Colleges of Windsor, Eaton, tvinton or jvejiminjier, or any Hospitals or Almihouses, or any Free School, for or in respect of the Scites of the said Colleges, or Halls, or Hospitals, or Almihouses, or Free School, or any Master, Fellow, or Scholar of any such College or Hall, or in any other Free Schools, or any Reader, Officer or Minister of the said Universities, Colleges or Schools, or of any Almfmen of any Hospitals or Almihouses, for or in respect of any Stipend, Wages or Profits whatsoever, arising or growing due to them in respect of the said several Places and Employments in the said Universities, Colleges, Halls, Schools, Hospitals or Almihouses, nor to charge any of the Houses or Lands belonging to chrifl's Hospital, or the Hospitals of Saint Bartholomew, Bridewell, Saint Thomas, and Bethlehem Hospital within the City of London and Borough of Southwark, or any of them, or to any College or Hall in either of the Universities, or to the Colleges of Eaton, ivinchejler or jvejiminjier, or to any Hospital, Almfhouse or Free School whatsoever, for or in respect of any Rents or Revenues payable to the said Hospitals, being to be Received and Disbursed for the immediate Use and Relief of the Poor in the said Hospitals.

XXII Provided, That no Tenants of any Lands or Houses, by Lease or Grant from any of the said Hospitals, Colleges, Halls, Almihouses or Free Schools shall claim or enjoy any Freedom or Exemption by this Ais, but that all the Houses and Lands which they so hold, shall be Rated for so much as they are yearly worth, over and above the Rents reserved and payable to the said Hospitals, Colleges, Halls, Almihouses or P'ree Schools.

. XXIII Provided also, That where any Person inhabiting within the City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate, hath his dwelling house in one of the Parishes and Wards therein, and hath any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes chargeable by this Act, in one or more of the other Parishes or Wards in the same City, That then such Person shall be Charged, Taxed and Aflefied for such his Goods or Merchandizes, in the Parish or Ward where he dwelleth, and not elsewhere in the said City.

d^xiv. Provided always, and be it further Declared and Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the avoiding all Obstructions and Delays in Aflefling and Collecting the Sums which by this Act are to be Rated and Aflefied, all Places, Conftablewicks, Divisions and Allotments, which have uled to be Rated and Aflefied, shall Pay and be Aflefied in such County, Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, conftablc vvick, Division, Place and Allotment as the same hath heretofore usually been Aflefied in, and not elsewhere.

E e

XXV Provided,

APPEND.

A P P E N, D I X

_ XXV Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That in case any Lands or Houses in any pa rill. Place or Conftablewick, hall ire unoccupied, and no Distresses can be found on the same, nor the Perfcn of the true Owner or Proprietor can be found within the said County, by reason whereof the Rate and Affefiment upon such unoccupied Lands cannot be Levied, That then upon Complaint thereof made to the Commissioners, for the County where such Case shall happen to.be, the said commissioners, or any two or more of them., shall certilie into their Majesties Court of Exchequer, the Name of the Person whose land or House so lieth unoccupied, together with the Sum thereupon Assessed, and ' the Parish or Place where such Land lieth; which Certificate is hereby decl&red to be a sufficient Charge upon the Person and Land therein named, and shall make the Person Debtor to their Majesties for the Sum so Assessed;; the Court of Exchequer shall issue out Process thereupon against the Body, Goods, and all other the Lands of such Debtor, until the Sum so Assessed be fully and effectually Levied and paid to their Majesties.

XXVI And it is hereby further Enacted and Declared, That at the expiration of the respective Times in this Act prescribed, for the full payment of the several and respective Rates and Assessments herein before Granted, the several . and respective Commissioners, or any two or more of them, within their Division and Hundred, ' shall and are hereby required to call before them,, the Chief Collectors and sub collectors within each respective division and Hundred, to Examine and Assure themselves of the full and whole Payment of the particular Sum and Sums of Money Charged within and upon the said Division and Hundred, and every Parish and Place therein, and of the due Return of the same into the Hands of the Pveceivers Genera] of the said County, City, Town and Place respectively, and by such Receiver Genera] to the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer, to the end there may be no failure in the payment of any part of the Rates and Assessments: : by this Act ought to be Levied and paid; and. in case of any failure in the Premises.. Commissioners, or any two of them, are to cause the lame forthwith to be Levied and Paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

XXVII Provided always and it is hereby Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons to Advance and Lend unto their Majesties upon the Security of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, and to have and receive for the Forbearance thereof, after the Rate of Seven pounds by the Hundred for One whole Year, and no more, directly or indiredlly; And moreover, that no Money solent upon the Security of this Act, shall be Rated or Assessed by virtue of this Act. ‘ And ‘ to the end that all Moneys which shall be Lent unto their'majesties upon the Credit of this Acl, may ‘ he well and sufficiently Secured out of the Moneys arising and payable by this Act,

XXVIII Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, thalthere shall be provided and kept in their Majesties Exchequer, (That is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipts, one Book or Register, in which all Moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer by virtue of this' Act, shall been tred and Registered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to their Majesties upon any other Branch of their Majesties Revenue, or upon any other Account whatsoever; And that all and every Person and Persons who shall Lend any Money to their Majesties upon the Credit of this Act, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the lame, and an Order for his Repayment bearing the same'date with his Tally;; in which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for payment of Interest for Forbearance, after the Rate of Seven pounds^rr Cent, per Annum, for his Consideration, to be paid every three months, until Repayment of his Principal; And that all Orders for Repayment of Money shall be Registered' in course, according to the Date of the Tally respectively, without preference of one before another; And that all and every Person' and Persons shall be paid in course, according as their Orders shall stand entered in the said Register Book y so as that the Person, Native or Foreigner, his Executors, adininiftra'.ors and Assigns, who lhali have his Order or Orders first Entered in the said Book of Register, shall be taken and accounted as the first Person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by virtue of this Act; And he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next Entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so fucceftively and in course; And that the Moneys to come in by this Act, fnali be in the same Order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective Parties, their Executors, Adminillrators or Assigns fucceftively, without preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and not to be divertible to any other use, intent or purpose whatsoever; And that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any their Majesties Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books, Registers, Entries, View or Search, in or for payment of Money lent, or the Interest, as aforesaid, by any of their Majesties Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with Colts of Suit; Or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also;; if any undue preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry or Payment contrary to the true meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, Then the Party offending flail be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the value of the Debt, Damages and Colts to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged fi-om his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction cr Privity of his Master, Then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after uncapable of his Place or Office; And in case the Auditor flail not Direct the Order, or the Clerk of the Pells Record, or the Teller make Payment according to each Persons due Place and Order as afore Directed, Then he or they shall be judged to forfeit, and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such manner as aforesaid; All which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Colts to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts

of

211

.APPENDIX.

of Record at tfejlminjier, wherein no Effoyn, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XXIX Provided always, and be it hereby Declared, That if it happen that several Talleys of

Loan, or Orders for Payments; as a'fofefaid, hear date, orb brought the same day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be Registered, Then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those he Enters first, folie Enters'them all the same day., ... „ ■ r? - - -. -

XXX provided^ifoj That it shall not be interpreted any lindue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of payment, if the Auditor direct, : and the Clerk ot the Pells record, and the Teller do pay lubfequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Money, and bring their Orders before other Persons that did not come to demand their Money, and bring their Order in their course, so as there be lb much Money reserved as will satisfy ‘precedent Ordersj which lliall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them, ' (Interest upon Loan being to.cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.)

XXXI And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons to whom, any Money shall.be due by virtue of this Act, after Order Entered in the Book of Register aforesaid for payment thereof, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by indorfemen't of his Order may Assign and Transfer his Right, Title, Iritereft and Benefit of such Order, or any part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the'auditor of Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Register aforesaid sot Orders (which the Officers shall upon request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall Entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon'; and such Assignee may in like manner Assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall hot be in the power of such Person or Persons who have made such Alignments, to make void, release of discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XXXII And be it further Enabled by the Authority 'aforesaid, That if any Abtion, ' Suit, Plaint or Information shall be Commenced or Prosecuted against' any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in pursuance, or in Execution of this Abt, Tuch Person or Persons so Sued in any Court whatsoever, final! and may Plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and upon any Issue joined, may give this Abt, and the Special Matter in Evidence; And if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become Nonfat, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Difcontiriuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendants shall recover their treble Cofis, for which they shall have the like Remedy, as in Case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendants.

XXXIII Provided always, and be it Enabled, That every Rate, Tax or, Assessment Which shall be made or imposed by virtue of this act of Parliament, in respect of any House or Tenement which an Ambassador, Reiident, ‘agent, or other Public Minister 'of any Foreign Prince or State now doth, or shall hereafter inhabit or occupy, shall be paid by the Landloid or Owner of the said House ortene ments respectively.

XXXIV And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Priviledged and other Places, being Extra parochial, nr not.wi thin any the Constable wicks or_erecindts. of ..the refpeblive act'ef fors, to be appointed by virtue of this Abt (although in any Monthly or other Tax they have not been Assessed or Rated heretofore) the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them shall, and are hereby required to nominate and appoint two fit Persons living in er near the said Priviledged or other Places, as aforesaid, to be Aflefiors for the said Places, and to make and return their Assessments in like manner as by this Abt is appointed in any Parifhy Tything; or Place, and also to appoint one or more Collectors, who are hereby required to Collect and Pay the same according to the Rules appointed by this Abt for Collecting and Paying all Sums of Money payable by this Abt.

XXXV Provided always, That nothing in tins Abt contained shall be construed to alter, change,

determine, or make void any Contracts, Covenants or Agreements whatsoever between the Landlord and Tenant, touching the payment of Taxes of Alfeflments; Anything' herein before mentioned to the contrary notwithitandfng. • • - ■ 1 ' >

■XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That no commissioner or Commissioners who shall be Employed in the Execution of this Abt, shall be liable for, or by reason of such Execution to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Abt made the Five and twentieth Year of King Charles the Second, Far the preventing of Dangers ivbicb may happen from Popish Recusants -..... ......

Provided always, and be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Four and twentieth day of June, in the Year, of our Lord qne.thousand six hundred eighty and nine, the Officers of the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer, shall 2nd may receive and take for their Sees, Three farthings in the Pound, and no more, for all, or any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued or paid to any of their Majesties Garrisons, or other Land Forces, out of the Moneys arising by an Abt Entiruled, An Act for ibe Granting a present Aid to their Majesties, An Abt Entitled, An asi for Raifng Monty by a Poll, ana otherwise, towards the Reducing of Ireland, and by this present Abt, or any other Abt to be granted or made during this present Session of Parliament.

XXXVIII And it is hereby further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That an Account shall he given and made unto the Commons in parliament.assembled, of and for all and every Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever, that shall be Collebted, Levied and Paid to the, Use of their Majesties by Virtue of this present Abt,. or of any other Abt or Acts Made or Passed, or to be Made or Passed at any time or times during this present Sessions of Parliament.

E e 2

<■>

Am. C

212

APPENDIX.

SESSIO SECUNDA.

Anno Regni Guglielmi & Marine Regis & Reginte Anglia, Scotia,

Francia & Hibernia, Secundo.

CAP. XIII

An Act for preventing Vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties Service, in

defence of the Kingdom.

Preamble. ‘ '^"TT'HEREAS in this present year of our Lord, One thousand six hundred and ninety, about ‘ V the time that the Coasts of this Kingdom were invaded by the French, the Lords and others ‘ V T of their Majesties moil Honourable privy-council, diverse Lords, Gentlemen, and other

‘ good Subjects, being Magistrates and Officers, or acting in pursuance of their Orders, did for their ‘ Majesties Service, and the Safety of the Kingdom, apprehended and imprison several suspected per ‘ fons, and did seize and use Horses and Arms, and did cause the greatest part of the Militia of this ‘ Kingdom to be raised, continued and maintained, otherwise than is authorised by the Acts made in ‘ the Reign of King Charles the Second in that behalf, and to march, and to be quartered in diverse ‘ places upon that occasion: : those proceedings in that extraordinary Jundture, and the parties con ‘ cerned therein may be Indemnified therefore; And for the preventing the Trouble and Charges which ‘ the said good Subjects might be put to by the Prosecution of their Majesties, their Heirs and Succef ‘ fors, or by the means of Vexatious Suits of any person whatsoever, for and by reason of their Adtings ‘ and Doings aforesaid

AH Profecu II Be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties, by and with the Advice and con uons, SCO. made sent of t] e Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Personal Actions, Suits, Indictments, Informations, and all other Prosecutions whatsoever, for or by reason of the Premises, be, and are hereby discharged and made Defendant may void : And if any Action or Suit, hereby declared to be discharged.. been or shall be commenced or famffue* and6' prosecuted, every person so sued, may plead the general lflue, ' and give.this Act and the special Matter in recover double Edvidence; And if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Dif coits. continuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the said Defendant shall recover his double Cells, for

which he shall have the like remedy as in case where Cods by Law are given to Defendants.

Anno Regni Guglielmi & Mari Regis & Regina Anglia, Scotia, Francia

& Hibernia, Quin to & Sexto.

At the Parliament begun at tfejlminjlcr the Twentieth day of March', Ann. Horn. 1689. In the Second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady, William and Mary, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King and Queen, Defenders of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the Seventh Day of November, 1693. being the Fifth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. XIV

An Act for Raising Money by a Poll payable Quarterly for One Year, for Carrying on a

Vigorous War against France.

An explanation of clause in 5 & 4> W. & M. cap. 7. viz. that those that have Fortunate Lots shall have the advantage of Blanks fer other sum.

AN D whereas it was the true intent and meaning of an Act of this present Session of Parliament,

Entitled, An Act for Granting to their Mqjejiies certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale and all other Liquors, for feewring certain Rccompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such persons as Shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fen hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the ivor against France, That in case any person (hold contribute, or adventure several entire fumsoften pounds, in manner as is therein mentioned, That such person should not by any Fortunate Lot, be anyways barred of the yearly sum of One pound for any Other entire sum of Ten pounds, contributed or adventured by such personas aforesaid, which may be conceived as a Doubt, by reason of some ob feure Words in the said Act. For the explaining whereof, It is hereby declared and enacted, That every perfoii which hath or shall contribute or adventure several entire Sums of Ten pounds in manner aforesaid,

213

APPENDIX.

said, every such person, his or her Executors, Administrators and Alfigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, for and' during the Term of Sixteen years therein mentioned, the several yearly sums of One pound for every sum of Ten pounds so contributed or to be contributed by him or her, as aforesaid;; only for such sum of Ten pounds, which shall be Entitled to such Fortunate Lot, as aforesaid. And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Moneys which shall arise by the Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors by the said Act granted, during the last three Years of the Term of sixteen Years, for which the same are thereby granted, or so much of years Shall be the said Moneys arising during the said lad; three Years, as shall remain, after all Arrearages (if any dirpofed by par such shall be) of the annuities or yearly or other payments, to be made for the Moneys which are or shall be contributed or adventured, pursuant to the said Act, shall be fully satisfied, shall be reserved and dlfpofed as shall hereafter be directed by Act of Parliament, and not otherwise; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII

An ac for the Licensing and Regulating Hackney coaches and Stagecoaches

* your Maiefties moult Loyal and Dutiful Subjects the Commons in Parliament Assembled, be explained by •

W ing sensible of the great and necessary Expense in which your Maiefties are engaged, for carry ‘ ing on the present War against the French King, and being desirous to supply the same, in such preamble. •

* manner as may be leas! grievous to your Majesties Subiedts, have given and granted, and do hereby *' give and grant unto your Maiefties, the several rates and turns of money herein after mentioned, and ‘ do beseech your Majesties that it may be enacted

II And be it enacted by the King and Queens most excellent Majesties, by and with the advice and The King: may consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons in this present Parliament Assembled, appoint Com -- and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the tenth day of May, One thousand six hun ™ecu"e7he° dred ninety four, it shall and may be lawful to and for their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors under powers in this their Great Seal of England, to Nominate, Authorise and Appoint any person or persons, not exceeding Aa

Five in number, to be Commiflloners for the Regulating and Licensing of all Hackney coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and for the Regulating and Licensing all Stage coaches throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in such manner as is herein after directed;; said Commissioners to be Appointed, as aforesaid, are' hereby Empowered and Authorised to put in execution the several Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned.

III And be it further enacted, That the Commiflloners so Appointed shall have Power and Authori The Commis

ty;, and are hereby Empowered and Required, under their Hands and Seals or under the Hands and 001^700 Hack seals of the Major part of them, to Licence all such persons who shall drive or keep any hackney ney Coaches in Coach, or Coach horses within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburb's of the same, or London, C within the Parishes Comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality; And that the number of all'hackney coaches foto be Licensed, shall not exceed Seven hundred $ And for every Licence foto be grant be

edfor each Coach there shall be paid to the said Commiflloners, or some other person to be appointed king for every ■ by their Majesties, to receive the same for their Majesties ule, the sum of fifty pounds of lawful money Coach.

of England, and no more, by way of Fine for such Licence; Which Sum of fifty pounds shall be' paid by the person to be Licensed, before the Licence shall be delivered to him; And the said Licences, and every of them, shall be granted to continue for, and during the term of one and twenty years from the date of each respective Licence and no longer, and shall not afterwards be renewed, or continued for any longer time; neither shall any Licence be granted in Reversion, to commence after the determination of others: And upon every of the said Licences, there shall be reserved and made payable unto' their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, the yearly Rent or Sum of four pounds, payable quarterly at the four most usual feasts of the year, (that is to say) the feast of Saint Michael the Archangel, of the Nativity of cur Lord Chrijl, of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, with such convenants, conditions and provisoes therein to be' inserted for the more effectual payment thereof, as the said Commiflloners in their discretion shall think fit.

IV And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so appointed, shall have power and au fl, °nucenceau thority, and are hereby empowered and required under their Hands and Seals, or the hands and Seals, Stage coaches of the major part of them to licence all Stage coaches which shall be kept or driven in anyplace or for a year, places within the Kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed; And

that no licence to be granted for any Stagecoach shall continue or be in force no longer than for one Rate to the

year from the date therof; That upon every Licence foto be granted for keeping or driving a Stage K, nk

Coach, there be reserved payable to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, the rent or annual sum

of eight pounds of lawful English money for one year, the same to be paid quarterly at the said Four

moult usual Feasts of the year, with such Covenants, Provisoes and Conditions for the more effectual

payment thereof, as the said Commissioners in their discretion shall think fit and reasonable; that every

person licensed, as aforesaid, to keep or drive any Hackney coach or Stagecoach may, by writing under

his Hand and Seal, Assign, or by his last Will in writing devise his, her or their respective Interest {.^sut/eor*

therein, and in default of such Aftignment or Devise, the Executors or Administrators of the persons to Hackney may

whom such Licences are granted, shall be entitled thereto, during the residue of the respective Interest gramme or devise.

therein,

2l8

APPEND I X

Executors, C tiow to claim.

Five rounds

Affipnmcnt en therein, and the same shall be accounted Assets in their Hands; That ah Entry shall be made of niimonersbook! every (tich Alfignment in some Book or Books to be kept by the said Comtnilfioners for that pur ' pofc, which Entry shall be made without Fee or Reward, to which Book or Books every person concerned shall have free access to inspect the same at all seasonable, times without Fee or Reward j And that every Legatee, Executors or Administrators claiming Title to any such Licence, under any Will or Letters of Administration, shall, within Sixty days after the decease of such Testator or Intestate, produce before the said Commissioners, such Probate or Letters of Administration or Exemplification thereof.

p lt u V And be it further enacted, That from and after the Four and twentieth Day of June, One thou

persons driving fat'd six hundred ninety four, no person or persons shall presume to Drive or Let to Hire by the Hour Coach without or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Coach or Coach horses, within the Cities of London or jfejimin licencc. Jler, or Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes or Places comprised within the Bills of Mortality, nor shall presume to Drive or Let to Hire, as aforesaid, any Stagecoach or Coach horses, in any place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, without such Leave or Licence first obtained from the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, according to the particular Provisions and Limitations of this Act, upon pain to forfeit for every such Offence the sum of Five b°fourterns t0 pounds; And that no Horse, Gelding or Adare, to be used with any Hackney or Stage coaches, shall hand^high. be under the Size of Fourteen Hands high, according to the Standards: And that every Coach so Licensed, shall have a Mark of Distinction by Figure or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think Coaches to be fit; And the said Mark shall be placed on each side of every such Coach, in the most convenient man

‘surc - ner to be taken Notice of, to the end they may be known if any Complaint shall be made of them.

and that no person shall be Lieenfed to keep more than two Hackney coaches; which Coaches shall have every one of them several Figures or Marks of Distinction, in the same manner as if they did belong to several persons;; that no person shall put the same Figure or Mark of Distinction upon his

Coach that is appointed for any other Coach, nor shall Blot out, Obliterate, Alter or Deface the Figure or Mark of Distinction appointed by the said Commissioners for his Coach, under the Forfeiture of Five pounds for every such Offence, one Moiety whereof shall be to the Informer, and the other Moiety to ar.cicnt Conch the Use of their Majesties;; the said Commissioners for Licensing and regulating of Coaches, are hut luenfld.1, 6 ^ere^y required in the first place to Licence all such persons as have been Ancient Coachmen who have formerly had Licences by Act of Parliament, or the Widow or Widows of any of them, unless they shall neglect or refuse to take such Licences upon the respective 'Perms hereby allowed, within a reasonable time to be limited by the said Commissioners, not less than Twenty days.

Penaby upen VI And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner so appointed, shall grant Licences for more l°c?n™ngtbove an the Number of Seven hundred Hackney coaches, as before is directed, ' or shall grant any Licence Seven hundred, for any Hackney coach or Stagecoach, for any longer time than is herein before directed for Hackney coaches and Stage coaehes respectively, he shall forfeit for every such Offence, One hundred pounds, to be prosecuted and recovered by any person who will file for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of their a/lajefties Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Effoign, Protediion, Wager of Law, Privilege, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

Jtates of Hack VII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Haekney coachman so Lieenfed, ney coaches, nor the Driver of such Coach shall presume to take for his Hire in and about the Cities of London and ifejlminjler, or within Ten Miles thereof above the Rate of Ten Shillings for a day, rekoning Twelve Hours to the Day, and by the Hour, not above Eighteen pence for the first Hour, and Twelve pence for every Hour after; And that no Gentleman or other person shall pay from any of the Inns of Court r r thereabouts, to any pait of Saint James's or City of Wejlminfer (except beyond Tuttle street) above Twelve pence, and the same Prices from the same Plaees to the Inns of Court or Places thereabouts, and from any of the said Inns of Court or thereabouts, to the Royal Exchange, Twelve pence; and if to the Tower of London or to Bishopsgate street or Aldgate or thereabouts. Eighteen pence; and so from the same places to the said Inns of Court, as aforesaid, and the like Rates from and to any place at the like diftanee with the places before mentioned. And if any Coaehman shall refuse to go at, or shall exact more for his Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the sum of Forty Shillings.

VIII And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners may appoint such other Officer or of fleers under them, as they shall find necessary for the Carrying on the said Service, with such mode

V are to take rate allowances as..shall be fit, and the said Commissioners and other Officers under them, and every of no See except them, are hereby required not to take or demand, directly or indirectly, of any person for their Licences, Licence r the an lum or money or other Gratuity' or Consideration whatsoever, over than what is herein directed to be paid to their Majesties, nor to take or demand any Fee or Reward from any person or persons, for anything by them to be done in Execution of their respective Offices or Employments, other than from' their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, upon pain to forfeit for every l'ueh Offence their respective Offices and Employments, and to be incapable or any new Grant thereof; Except only that it shall be lawful for the Clerks for there pains in Writing and Ingrafting each Licence, to have and receive the sum of Two Shillings and sixpence, and no more, what Oath the IX And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, and every of them and every Officer to be appointed under them, shall, before Two or more of the said Commissioners, take an Oath for the Seif. 1. Cap. E. due and faithful execution of their respective Offices and Employments, and shall likewise take the Oaths appointed by an Act of Parliament made in the first year of their Alajefties Reign, Entitled, An Act for the Abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and Appointing other Oaths; which said Oaths, the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, are hereby empowered to administer; And that no person nor

persons

Penalty upon Coachman.

Commissioners may appoint Under officers

215

APPENDIX.

persons shall be capable of intermeddling with the Execution of the powers and authorities by this Act granted, or any of them, other than the power of administering the aforesaid Oaths to their fellow com missioner, until they shall have taken the said Oaths, as aforesaid.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all the Sums of money, Rents and Commissioners Revenues by this Act arising, over and above what shall be luffieient for Salaries, and other incidentne^andghre Charges for Collecting or Managing the same, shall from time to time be annually paid by the said Com Account of lj missioner, or such other person or persons as shall be appointed by their Majesties, to receive the same, cencesannually, iiito the Receipt of their Majesties Exchequer: And the said Commissioners shall, upon Oath, deliver

Books of Accounts fairly written, containing all the Licences granted, and the Names and Surnames of the respective persons to whom such Licences are granted, and the Rents and Profits thereby accrewed unto the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, once in every year, or oftener if required.

XI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That all Fines, Rents, Forfeitures and Pe Penalties how nalties, that shall grow due and payable by virtue of this Act, or breach of any Orders or bylaws, thatltvied'

shall be made by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the authority to them given by this Act for

that purpose, shall be levied by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, which shall be sold within Ten Days, and the Overplus (all Charges being allowed) shall be returned to the Owner, and in default of Distress or non Payment, the person or perlbns neglecting or refusing to pay, shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of .them, be committed to prison, there to continue without Bail or Mainprize, till he or they have paid such Rent, Fine, Forfeiture or Penalty, as was due from him or them.

XII And be it further enacted, That all the Offences against this Act, or anything therein con Offences deter tained (other than the Offences of the Commissioners, themselves) shall be Heard and Determined in ff!ned bj the

a Summary Way by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, upon the Oath of One lont, i or more Credible Witnesses (the Party accused being Summoned to make his Defence) or upon the Ccnfeffion of the Party offending; and one Moiety of all the Forfeitures and Penalties to be incurred by this Act, shall be to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer.

XIII And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted Persons sued for for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, he or they shall or may Plead exjj.c "tink this the General Blue, and give this Act in Evidence for his Defence, and if upon a Trial a Verdict shall labeamd"6" pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs have Double upon Demurrer, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuit, discontinue or forbear prosecuting their said Costs actions, then such Defendant and Defendants shall have double Cods to him or them awarded against

such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; for which Cods he shall have such Remedy as in other cases where Cods are by Law given to Defendants.

XIV Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede execu no Certiorari, tion or other proceedings, upon any Order or Orders made by the said Commissioners in pursuance

of this Act, but that execution and other proceedings dial] and may be had and made thereupon, any such Writ or Writs or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XV And be it further Enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the better Regulating and Or Commissioners dering such persons who shall be Licensed to keep Hackney or Stage coaches, as aforesaid, and to I™!' make. ey prevent Disturbances, and other Inconvenieneies in the Streets and high ways, where such Coaches shall the^vach men. Stand or be Driven, and for puni(hment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners,

or the major part of them, from time to time, to make such Orders, Bylaws and Ordinances to bind such persons only who shall have Licences to keep Coaches, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and to annex such reasonable penalties and forfeitures for the breach thereof, as to them in their discretion shall seem fit, so as such Orders, Bylaws or Ordinances be made agreeable to the true intent and meaning of ibis Act, and for the better putting in execution thereof, and for the good Government and Regulation of the persons Licensed to keep Coaches, and so as they do not contain anything repugnant to the Laws of the Realm.

XVI And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the several Sums of fifty pounds hereby Acquittance t appointed to be paid as a Fine upon granting Licences, and upon payment of the respective Rents there be Sratis> upon to be reserved as they shall grow due, the said Commissioners, or such other person or persons who

shall be appointed, as aforesaid, to receive the same, shall give Acquittances gratis to the respective persons so paying the same, under their Hands and Seals, which Acquittances shall be a sufficient Discharge to the persons paying the same.

XVII Provided nevertheless, and it is enacted, That such Rules, Orders and Bylaws foto be By lav' to be made by the said Commissioners, (ltali be allowed and approved by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, lord°chancel or Lords Commissioners, of the Great Seal of England for the time being, and the Two Chief Justices ion C and of either Bench, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any Three of them; And after such ®?eoutfepby 1, "* Allowance, the same shall be Printed and made Public; And the Breach of any of the Rules and Or &cc.e ° e "ct' ders appointed by this Act, and the penalties thereupon, and the Rules, Orders and Bylaws to be

made by the said Commissioners, and allowed, as aforesaid, and the forfeitures and penalties thereupon, shall be punishable, and inflicted, and put in execution by any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Bayliff, or other Magistrate o( the County, City or Place where such Offence shall be committed, in as full and ample manner, as the said Commissioners hereby to be appointed might do the same, and as if the said

By

One hundred fevemy five Coaches by Turns to Drive upon the Lords Day.

Cap. 7.

Five pound Penalty for any other to Dave,

. Printed List of the Sunday Coaches.

Account annual before the Auditors.

Grant of the King void, and 500 1. Penalty upon Grantee, Arc.

Preamble.

Duties given upon Burials tor 5 Years.

APPENDIX.

Bylaws, Rules and Orders were particularly inccrted in this present Aft; But no perfon6 shall be twice punishctl for the same Offence.

‘ XVIII And whereas by one Act of Parliament made .in the Nine and twentieth year of the Reign ‘ of King Charles the Second, Entitled, An Atifor the better Observation of the Lords Day, commonly ‘ called Sunday, The handing to Hire and Driving of Hackney coaches on thy Lords Day are restrained;

‘ And whereas the said restraint is many times found to be Inconvenient, as well in order to the Observa ‘ tion of the Day, as otherwise, ' Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to appoint (without any Fee or Reward for the same) One hundred seventy live and no more of the said Hackney coaches to Ply, Stand and Drive on the Lords Day within the weekly Bills of Mortality only, so as the whole number of seven hundred may be employed successively.

XIX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if at any time after the said Four and twentieth Day of June, any Hackney coach shall Ply, Stand or Drive upon the Lords Day, other than such as shall be appointed, as aforesaid, and for the Days only for which they shall be respectively appointed, as aforesaid, or anywhere else within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Owner of such Coach shall forfeit the fupa of Five Pounds, to be recovered by such personas shall.fue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein ho Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed. ‘ And for the more effectual discovery of such Coaches ‘ as shall offend herein, ' Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the said Commissioners shall direst to be printed and made public, one List or Account of all the particular Numbers of such hack nev coaches as shall be appointed for every Lords Day successively throughout the year.

XX And it is hereby further enacted. That an Account, of the profits and duties arising by virtue of this Act Shall every year, during the continuance thereof, be made up before the Auditors of the Impressed;; if any person pr persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall at any time hereafter procure or accept from their Majesties, their Heirs or Successors, any Pension, Gift or Grant for Years or Life, or any other Estate, or any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Revenue arising by virtue of this Act, That then every such Grant shall be void, and the person or persons procuring or accepting the same, (hail forfeit the sum of Five hundred pounds, the one Moiety of which forfeiture shall be to the use of the Poor of the parish where the said Offender shall inhabit, and the other Moiety to him that Shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of their Majesties Courts .of Record.

Anno Regni guglielmi & Regis & Regina Anglia, Scotia, Francia,

& Hibernia, Sexto.

At the Parliament begun at Wefttrdnjter the Twentieth day of March, Amo Dom. 1689. In the Second year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady, William and Mary, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King and Queen, Defenders of the Faith, C And from thence Continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments to the Twelfth day of November, 1694. being the Sixth Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. VLAN

Aft: for Granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

C '1x7^' Your Majesties mo ft Dutiful and Loyal Subjects the Commons in Parliament Assembled,

‘ %/%/ from a deep sense of the many great occasions, which engage your Majesty in many extraor

‘ » ▼ dinary Expenses for the necessary Defence of your Reaims, and the Prosecution of a War

‘ against France with Vigour, have cheerfully and unanimoudy given and granted unto your Majesty, as. ‘ an Additional Supply and Aid, the Rates, Duties, Impositions and sums of Money herein after * mentioned; and we most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, '

II And be it enacted by the Kings moult excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent. of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First day of May, in the year of our Lord, One thousand LIX hundred ninety and five, for and during the term of Five years, to commence and be accounted from the said First day of May, and no longer, there shall be raised, and levied and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors (over and above all other Duties whatsoever) for and upon the Burial of all persons, who shall be Buried within the said Term of Five years, at any place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of jvales, and Town of Benvick upon Tweed, the several and refpec five Duties and Sums of Money herein after mentioned (that is to say:)

III For,

8

APPENDIX. 217

III For, and upon the Burial of every person the sum of Four shillings;; for, and upon the Particulars. Burial of every person of the degree of a Duke of England, Scotland or Ireland, the sum of Fifty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Duchess of any of the said three Kingdoms, the like sum of Fifty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a Marquess or Marehionefs of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum. of Forty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of an Earl or Countess of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of thirty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; for and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a Viscount or Vilcountefs of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; • for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a Baron or Baroness of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; for, and upon the Bunal'of every Eldest soil of a Duke, of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of Thirty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every younger Son of a Duke of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings; and for and upon the Burial of every Eldest Son of a Marquess of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for and upon the Burial of every Younger Son of a Marquess of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of twenty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings j and for, and upon the Burial of every Eldest Son of an Earl of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of twenty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every Younger Son ol an Earl of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Eldest Son of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of Seventeen pounds and ten Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Younger Son of a 'Vicount of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of Thirteen, pounds six millings and eight pence, over and above the said Four Shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every, Eldest Son of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the lum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Younger Son of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms, or his Wife, the sum of Twelve pounds, over and above the said Four shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every Unmarried Daughter of a Duke of any the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Five and twenty • pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Unmarried Daughter of a Marquess of auy of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every Unmarried Daughter of an Earl of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum ot Fifteen pounds, over and above the said four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every. Unmarried Daughter of a Vicount of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Thirteen pounds six Shillings and eight pence, over and above the said four shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every Unmarried Daughter of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Twelve pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Widow of a Duke of any of. the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Fifty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Widow of a Marquess, of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Forty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every Widow of an Earl of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Thirty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every Widow of a Vicount of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Widow of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every person of the. degree of a Baronet of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of Nova Scotia, or his Wife, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Four shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath, or his Wife, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every person who is a Knight Bachelor, or his Wife, the sum of ten pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Sergeant at Law, being the Kings Sergeant, the sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of the Wife of every Kings Sergeant, the sum of ten pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every other Sergeant at.

Law, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Four shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every such other Sergeants Wise, the sum of Seven pounds and ten shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of an Esquire, or so reputed, or owning or writing himself such, or his Wife, the sum of Five pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Gentleman, or reputed Gentleman, or owning or writing himself such, or his Wife, the sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Younger Child of Baronets, Knights of the Batby Knights Bachelors, Sergeants at. Law, Esquires or Gentlemen, or reputed Elquires or Gentlemen, or owning or writing themselves such, and their Wives, the sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every Widow cf a Baronet, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of every. Widow of every Knight of the Bath, the lum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Four shillings: : for, and upon the Burial of every Widow of a Knight Bachelor, the Sum of 'Fen pounds, over and above the said Four shillings; and for and upon the Burial of every Widow of every Sergeant at Law, being the APPEND. F f King?

Payment into the Exchequer.

Manner of Levying.

Parents for Children, Sc.

Duties upon Firths for Five years.

Particulars.

APPENDIX.

Kings Sergeant, the Sum of Ten pounds, over and above the said fur millings; And for and Upon the Burial of every Widow of every other Sergeant at Law, the Sum of Seven pounds and Ten Shillings, over and above the said Four thillings; And for and upon the burial of every Widow of an Inquire, or reputed Esquire, or so owning or writing himself as such, the.sum of Five pounds, over and above tyre said Four shillings; And for, and upon the Burial of every widow, of every Gentleman, or reputed Gentleman, or so owning or writing himself as such, the Sum dftwenty. shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings; And for and upon the Burial rot', every person of the order and degree of an Arch bithop, the Sum of Fifty pounds, over and above the said Four thillings; And for, and upon the Burial of every Arch bifltops Wife or Widow, the.sum of Ten pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings; And for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree and order of a Billion, the Sum of Twenty pound, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for; and upon the Burial of every Wise or Widow of every Bithop, the Sum of Five pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings; And for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a Dean of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the Sum of Ten pounds, over and above the said Four thillings; And for and upon the Burial of every Wise or Widow of every Dean, the'him of Two pounds ten thillings, over and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of. every person of the degree of an Arch deacon, the sum of Two pounds ten thillings, ovdr and above the said Four thillings.; And for and upon the Burial of the Wife or Widow of every Arch deacon, the sum of Twenty ihiliings, over and above the said Four thillings; And for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a.canon or Prebendary of any Cathedra] or Collegiate Church, the sum of two pounds ten shillings, oyer and above the said Four Shillings;; for, and upon the Burial of the Wife or Widow ot every Canon or Prebendary, the sum of Twenty thillings, over.and above the said Four Ihiliings; And for, and upon the Burial of every person of the degree of a Doctor of Divinity, Law, or Phytick, the sum of Five pounds over and above the said Four thillings; And for, .and upon the Burial of the Wife or Widow of every such Debtor of Divinity, Law, or Physic: : sum of Twenty thillings, over and above the said Four shillings; And for and upon the Burial of every Son or Daughter of an Arch bithop, Dean, Arch deacon, Canon, Prebendary, Debtor of Divinity, • Law, or Physic, the sum of Twenty Shillings,, and above the said Four thillings; and for, and upon the Burial of every person having a real. Estate of the value of Fifty pounds per Annum or upwards, or a personal estate of the value of Six hundred pounds or upwards, and not otherwise hereby Charged under any of the Ranks, Orders, Qualifications or Degrees herein before mentioned, the sum of Twenty thillings, over and above the said Four thillings; And for, and upon the Burial of the Wife or Widow, Child or Children of every such person having such real or personal Estate, as aforesaid, the Sum of Ten thillings,. over and above the said Four thillings.

IV And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective duties arid Sums of money Granted, as aforesaid, upon the Burials of the several Persons before mentioned, as the same shall several ly become due and payable, shall be answered and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors for the aforesaid term of Five years, by the respective Heirs, Executors or Administra- -- every such person so Buried, as aforesaid, before any other Debts or Duties whatsoever; And in default of payment thereof to the Collebtors of the said Duty upon Demand, the same shall bfe Charged upon, and Levied by distress upon the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or the Goods and Chatties of the persons so Buried, in such manner as herein after is direbted; And the respective duties hereby Charged upon the Burial of any person, who shall at the time of his or her death,, be under the age of one and twenty years, shall be answered and paid by the Father of such person. (if living at the time of (he death of such person under Age) and if the Father be then dead, by the mother, if the be then living, or otherwise, by the Guardian, Trustee.. or. Adrriiniftrator of such person y And the Duty Charged upon the Burial of any Wise, thall.be paid by the. Hutband of such Wise.

V And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the said first day of: May, for, and during the term of rive years and no longer, there shall be Raised, levied and paid.to his Majesty, his Heirs and succeitors,. for, and upon the Birth of every person (except as herein after is excepted) who shall be Born within the said term of rive years, at any place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tzaeed, the several and respective. Duties and sums of Money herein after mentioned (that is to say;)

VI For, and upon the Birth of every person and Child (except the Child or Children of such as:

receive Alms) the sum of Two Shillings.; And for, and upon the Birth of every eldest Son of every, person of the degree of a Duke of England Scotland or Ireland, or of his Wife by any other Hutband after his death, the sum of Thirty pounds, over and above the said Two shillings; And for, and upon the Birth of every other Son or Daughter of such Duke, or of his Wife by any other Hutband after his death, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of every eldest Son of every person of the degree of a Marquess of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of his Wife by any other Hutband after his death, the sum of Five ard twenty pounds, over and above the said Two thillings;. And for, and upon the Birth of every other Son or Daughter of such Marquess, or of his Wife by 2iiy other Hutband after his death, the sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the said Two. Shillings; And for, and upon the Birth of every eldest Son of every person of the degree of an Earl, of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of his Wife by any other Hutband after hi., death, the sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the said two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of every other son or Daughter of such Earl, or of his Wife by any other Hutband Alter his death, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two thillings; And for, and upon the Birth of the eldest Son of every person of the degree of a Viccuai: of any of the said, three Kingdoms.

APPENDIX. 219.

doms, or of his Wife by any other Husband after his Death the sum of Seventeen pounds ten Shillings, over and above the faia Two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of every other Son or Daughter of such Vicount or of his Wife by any other Husband after his death, the sum of thirteen pounds six Shillings and eight pence, over and above the said Two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of every eldest Son of every person of the degree of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of his Wife by any other Huftwnd after his Death, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of every other Son or Daughter of such Baron, or of his Wife by any other Husband after his death, the sum of Twelve pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of eycry eldest Son of every person of the degree of a Baronet,

Knight of the Order of the Bath, or Knight Bachelor, the sum of Five pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of every eldest Son of a Sergeant at Law, Esquire or Gentleman, the sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said two Shillings;; for and upon the Birth of every younger Son or Daughter of, Baronets, Knights of the Eath, Knights Bachelors, Sergeants at Law, Esquires or. Gentlemen, or.so reputed, or owning or writing themselves as such, the sum of twenty Shillings, overahd above the said Two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of every Son or Daughter of an arch bishop, Bishop, Dean, Arch deacon, Canon, Prebendary, Debtor of Divinity,

Law or Physic, the sum of twenty Shillings, over and above the'said two Shillings;; for, and upon the Birth of every Son or Daughter of every person having a real Estate of the Value of Fifty pounds per Annum or upwards, or a personal Estate of the Value of Six hundred pounds or upwards, and not hereby otherwise Charged under any of the Ranks, Orders, Qualifications or Degrees herein before mentioned, the sum of Ten Shillings, over .and above the said two Shillings.

VII And be it further enabled by .the authority aforesaid, that the said several and refpeblive sums of Births of ciili money, so imposed, as aforesaid, for and upon the Birth or Births of any Child or Children within the £ien pasid^ Kingdom, or the Dominion, or Tpwn aforesaid, shall be Charged upon, and Answered and paid to Farents' ' his Majesty, his Heirs and Succcfibrs for the aforesaid term of five years, by the Father, if living at the

time of the Birth of' any such Child or Children, and if he shall be dead at the time of such Birth, by the Mother of such Child or Children, so Born; And in case of the death of such Father and Mother at the time of the Birth, by such person or persons who shall take upon him, her, or them, the guardianship or Care of such Child or Children so born, to be reimbursed again in the first place, out of the real or personal estate of such Child or Children so born, (if any) to be Levied in such manner as is herein after direbled.

VIII And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, that from and after the said First day of Duties upon May, for and during the said term of Five ye^rs, there shall be Railed, Levied and paid to his Ma Marriages, for jesty, his Heirs and Successors, for, and upon every Marriage of any persons (except as herein after is Five years" excepted) who. shall be Married within the said term of Five years, and no longer, at any place within

the Kingdom of England, Dominion of jvales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the several and refpeblive Duties and Sums of money herein after mentioned (that is to say;)

IX For, and upon the refpeblive Marriage of. every person (except such as receive Alms) tiie sum of Particulars, Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Duke

of England, Scotland, or 'Ireland, the sum of Fifty pounds, over and above the said Two drillings and sixpence.; And for, and upon the Marriage of every peifon of the degree of a Marquess of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Forty pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence;

And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of an Earl of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of thirty pounds; over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon tyre Marriage of every person of the degree of a Viscount of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the .said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of twenty pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every eldest Son of a Duke of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Thirty pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and six perice; And for, and upon the Marriage of every younger Son of such Duke, the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Two lhiliings and sixpence;

And for, and upon the Marriage of every eldest Son of a Marquess of any of the said three Kingdoms,

•the sum of Five and twenty pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every younger Son of such Marquess, the Sum of twenty pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every eldest Son of an Earl of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of twenty pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence. And for, and upon the Marriage of every younger Son of such Earl, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every eldest Son of a Vicount of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Seventeen pounds and ten Shillings over and above the said Two lhiliings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of bvery younger Son of such Vicount, the sum of Thirteen pounds six lhiliings and eight pence, over and above the said Two lhiliings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every eldest Son of a Baron of any of the said three Kingdoms, the sum of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, ana upon the Marriage of every younger Son of such Baron, the sum of twelve pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Baronet of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of Nova Scotia, the sum of b ifteen pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person. that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath, the Sunt of Fifteen pounds, over and above the said Two Shillings and sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person

F f z that

220

Husbands to pay Duties.

Duty upon Bachelors, and Widowers without children for 5 years.

farticula?s,

APPENDIX.

that is a Knight Bachelor, the Sum of Ten pounds, over and above the said Two (h'illipgs and Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every Sergeant at Law, being the Kings Serjanr,, the Sum of Twenty pounds, over and above the said Two shillings and Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every other Sergeant at Law, the Sum of fifteen pounds, over and .above .the said Two. shillings and Sixpence; .And for, and upon the Marriage of every Esquire, or reputed Esquire, or owning or writing himself to be such, the Sum of Five pounds, over and above the said Two shillings and Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of ef ery Gentleman, or reputed Gentleman, or owning, or writing himself to be such, the Sum of Twenty ihillings, over and above the said Two shillings and Sixpence; And for, and upon the marriage of every younger son of a Baronet, Knight of the Baw,. Knight Bachelor, Sergeant at Law, Esquire or Gentleman, or reputed Esquire or Gentleman, or writing or owning themselves as such, the Sum of Twenty Ihillings, over and above the said Two shillings and Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of an Archbishop, the Sum. of Fifty pounds, over and above the said two shillings and Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Bishop, the Sum of Twenty pounds, over and. above, the said Two findings and Sixpence; And for and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Dean of any. Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the Sum of ten pounds over and above the said Two Ihillings anu Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of an Arch deacon, the Sum of Two pounds and Ten shillings, over and above the said Two shillings and Sixpence;; for and upon the Marriage of every person of the degree of a Canon or Prebendary of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the Sum of Two pounds and Ten shillings, over and above the said Two findings and' Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every Person of the degree of a Dodfor of Divinity, Law oc Physic, the Sum of Five pounds, over and above the said Two shillings and Si?: pence; ..And for and upon the Marriage of every Son of an Archbishop, Bifticp, Dean, Arch deacon, Canon,.;, Prebendary, Doctor of Divinity, Law or Physic, the Sum of Twenty findings, - over and above the said Two billings and Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every person having a Real Estate of the Value of Fifty pounds per Annum, or upwards or a personal Estate of the Value of Six hundred pounds or upwards, and not otherwise hereby Charged under the several Dignities,. Ranks,. Orders, Qualifications or Degrees herein before mentioned, the Sum of Twenty Ihillings, over and above the said Two /hidings and Sixpence; And for, and upon the Marriage of every Son of every such person or persons having such Real or personal Estate, as aforesaid, the Sum of Ten Ihillings over and above the said Two /hidings and Sixpence.

X And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and' refpeblive Duties and sums of money, foto be raised and paid by Marriages, as aforesaid as the same had several ly become due and payable, shall be charged upon, and anfweredj and paid to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue ceftbrs, for the aforesaid term of Five years, by the husband upon demand..

XL And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That every person Inhabiting and residing, or which shall Inhabit and Reside in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales m Town of Berwick upon Tweed, being a bachelor above the Age of Five and twenty years (except such as receive Alms) shall from and after the said First day of May, during the said Term of Five years, or so long, time thereof as he shall continue a Bachelor, and no longer,; pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and sue ceffors, the Sum of one hilling yearly.

XII and'be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person inhabiting and residing,

or which shall Inhabit and reside in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, being a Widower, and having no Child or Children (except such as receive Alms) shall from and after the aid First day of May, during the said term of Five years, or so long time thereof as he shall continue a Widower, and no longer, pay unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the sum of one ("hilling yearly., ' ■ ■

XIII And he it further enabled by the authority aforesaid.. from and after the said First day of. May, all and every person and persons of the several Orders, Ranks, Degrees and Qualifications herein after mentioned, inhabiting and residing, or which shall happen to inhabit and reside in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Bervjick upon Tweed, being Bachelors above the ag<p. of Five and twenty years, or Widowers without any Child or Children, shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors yearly, during the said term of Five years, or for so long time thereof as they shall continue Unmarried and no longer, the several and reipebtive duties and iums of Money herein after mentioned, over and above the said yearly sum of One hilling,, is to say;) Every person of the degree of a Duke of England, Scotland or Ireland, the yearly sum of Twelve pounds and Fen billings; and every person of the degree of a Maiquefs of any of the said three Kingdoms, the yearly sum of "Fen pounds; every person of the degree of an Earl of any of the said three Kingdoms, the yearly sum of Seven pounds and ten shillings; every person of the degree of a Vicount of any o, f the said three Kingdoms, the yearly sum of Six pounds and five billings.. person of the degree of a Baron of any. of th's said three Kingdoms, the yearly sum of Five pounds; every Eldest Son of a. Duke of any of the said three Kingdoms, the yearly sum cf Seven pounds and ten Shillings; every Younger Son of such Duke the yearly sum of Six pounds and five shillings;; Fldeft Son of.a mar quefs of any of the said three Kingdoms,, the yearly sum cf Six pounds and five shillings; every Ycunger Son of such Marquels, the yearly sum of Five pounds; every Eldest Son of an Earl of any cif the said three Kingdoms, the yearly sum of Five pounds; every i ounger Son of such Earl, the yearly sum of Three pounds and fifteen shillings; every Eldest Son of a Vicount of any of the said three Kingdoms, the yearly sum of Four pounds seven shilling and sixpence;, every Younger Son of such

Vicount,.

APPENDIX. 221

vicount, the yearly sum of Three pounds six shilling and eight pence; every Eldest Son of a Baron of any of the said Three Kingdoms, the yearly sum of Three pounds fifteen Shillings; every Younger Son of such Baron the yearly sum of Three pounds; every person of the degree of a Baronet of any of the said three Kingdoms, or of Nova Scotia, the yearly sum of Three pounds and fifteen Ovllings; every person that is a Knight of the Order of the Bath, the yearly sum of Three pounds and fifteen Shillings; 'every'person who is a Knight Bachelor, the yearly sum of Two pounds ten Shillings;; Sergeant at Law, being the Kings Sergeant, the yearly sum of Five pounds; every other Sergeant at Law, the yearly sum of Three pounds fifteen Shillings; every Esquire, or reputed Esquire, or owning or writing himself to be such, the yearly sum of One pound five Shillings; every Gentleman, or reputed Gentleman, or so owning or writing himself to be such, the yearly Sum of Five Shillings; every person of the Degree of an Arch Bishop, the yearly sum of Twelve pounds and ten Shillings; every person of the degree of a Bishop, the yearly sum of Five pounds; every person of the degree of a Dean of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the yearly sum of Two pounds and ten Shillings; every person of the degree of an Arch deacon, the yearly sum of Twelve shillings and sixpence; every Canon cr Prebendary of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, the yearly sum of Twelve shillings and sixpence; every person of the degree of a Dodfor of Divinity, Law, or Physic, the yearly sum of One pound and five shillings, every Son of an Arch bishop, Bishop, Dean, Arch deacon, Canon, Prebendary,

Dodfor of Divinity, Law or Physic, the yearly sum of Five drillings; every other person having a Real Estate of the value of Fifty pounds per Annum or upwards, or a personal Efhte of the value of Six hundred pounds or upwards, and not charged under any of the Orders, Ranks, Degrees or Quali fications aforesaid, the yearly sum of Five Shillings; and every Son of such person having such Real or Personal Kftate, the yearly sum of Two shillings and sixpence; Which said several and respective yearly sums hereby charged, shall be paid by two equal half yearly payments, at the two mod usual Feasts in the year (that is to say) at the Fcalls of St. Michael the Arch angel, and the Annunciation of the blefied Virgin .Mary.

XIV Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person shall by virtue of this Act, be dou Ptyfon my bly charged, for, or in respect of the several Titles, Honours or Degrees, but that every such person

shall be charged and chargeable for such Title, Honour or Degree only, as is highest rated by L

this Acts.

XV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That for the better execution of this Act, Conrniifiioner3 and for the ordering and levying ot the several sums of Money, so as aforesaid Unfitted and appointed 101 L 'F Ed. tube paid, the perlbns nominated and appointed to be Commissioners for putting in execution an Act fioncrsf°7the" of this present Session of Parliament, Entitled, An Act for Granting to his Majesty an Aid cf Sour soil first year. lings in the Poundfor one year, and for Applying the yearly sum of Three hundred tbmfand Pounds for Five

years, out of the Duties of Tunnage and Poundage, and other sums of Monty payable upon Merchandizes Exported and Imported, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, shall be Commissioners for putting in execution this present Act, and the powers therein contained, within all and every the several and respective Counties Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque ports, Towns and Places, for the First year of the said term cf Five years, for which the Duties hereby imposed are granted;. which said Commissioners, in order to the speedy execution of this Act shall (in their respective Counties, Cities, Boroughs,

Towns and Places, for which they are appointed Commissioners) respectively meet together at the mod usual or Common place of meeting, within such of the said Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns and places refpedlhely, at or before the Thirtieth day of April, One thoufar.d six hundred ninety five; and the said Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at the First General Meeting, or the major part of them, may by their eonfents and agreements, divide as well themselves as other the Commissioners, not then present, for the execution of this Acts, in Hundreds,. Laths, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, Towns, and other Piaces, within their limits Priviledged or not Priviledged,. in such manner as to them shall teem meet; and shall diredf their several or joynt precept or precepts, to such Inhabitants, and such number of them as they in their discretion shall think, moll convenient, to be Prefentcrs and Afieffors, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners, at such time and place as they shall appoint, not exceeding ten days; and at such their appearances, the said commii fioners, or so many of them as shall meet, shall openly read or cause to be read unto them, the several Rates and Duties in this Act mentioned, and openly declare the effedf of their charge, unto them, and how and in what manner they ought and (hold make their Certificates and affdtments, according to the several Rates aforesaid; and shall then and there prefix another day to the said persons to appear before the said Commissioners, and bring jn their Ceitificates in writing, of the Names, Surnames,.

Efiates, Degrees., Titles and Qualifications of all and every the oerfons dwelling or residing within the limits of those places with which they shall be charged, dividing them into several Columns as they are in Quality, Estate and Qualification, and the Names of all other persons chargeable by this Act, and .the sums they are or ought refpedtivcly to pay upon Burials, Births or Marriages, and for their being Unmarried, according to the rules and directions of this Act, without concealment, love, favour, dread. or malice, upon pain of forfeiture of any fuin not exceeding .Five, pounds, to be levied as by this Acts is appointed, and shall alio then return the Names of two or more able and sufficient persons, within the bounds cr limits of those pari!hes cr Places where they Shall be affeltois respectively, to be Collectors of the several Kates and Duties granted to his Majesty by this Acts, which shall grow due and payable within the Fit ft year of the said te m of Five years; for whole paying unto the receiver-general to be appointed by his Majesty, his Deputy or Deputies, in manner following, such Moneys as they fnall be charged withal, the Parish or Place, by whom they are so employed, Shall be answerable;; every altdtor, so as aforesaid, appointed or to be appointed, shall before betake upon him the execu

4 lion

222

APPENDIX.

tion of the said employment, take the Oaths mentioned and required to be taken, by an Act made in the Parliament held the Find year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Entitled, An

Aft for the Abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and Appointing other Oaths, and alto take an Oath to be administered in these words following:

C ZO U shall Swear well and truly to Execute the Duty of an Affeflbr, and to cause the Rates and

e X Duties itnpofcd by an Act, Entitled, An Act for Granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties ‘ upon Marriages, Births and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the term of Five years, for ‘ Carrying on the jvar against France with ffigour, to be duly and impartially Afiefi'ed, according to the ‘ best of your skill and knowledge; and therein you shall spare no Person for Favour or affection, nor * any Person Grieve for Hatred or ill-will.

Which Oaths any two or more of the Commissioners in the County, City or Place where the said alteflinent is to be made, have hereby power, and are hereby required to administer.

Afieflbrs to re XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aferefaid, That the Rates and aftcltinents charged ca'e of^affes' hy this Act, shall be ascertained, and the Certificates thereof returned to the Commissioners, at or be nient, manner fore the Thirteenth day of May, One thousand six hummed ninety five; and upon the delivery and reef l'oiieqing. turning of such Certificates or Assessments unto the said Commissioners, they, or any three or more of them, shall forthwith issue out and deliver their Warrants or Eftrcats to such Colleflors as foresaid, for the speedy colleding and levying of the said assessments, as they shall respectively become due and payable, and all Moneys and Rates due thereupon, according to the intent and directions of this present AH; of all which the said Colleflors are hereby required to make demand of the Parties chargeable therewith, or at the places of their last abode, within ten days after the said Duties hereby granted shall respectively become due and payable, and to pay in the same within twenty days after the Receipt thereof, at such place as the Commissioners shall appoint, unto the respective receiver-general, his Deputy or Deputies, who are hereby empowered and required to call upon and hasten the Colleflors to the said payment; and in default of such payment, to levy, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more of the Commissioners, upon the Colleflors, by distress and sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, such sum and sums of Money as he hath received, and as ought by him to have been paid, and is not paid by reason of his failure in doing his duty, according to the direction of this Act.

Duplicates to be XVII And be it further enacted. That a true Duplicate of the said Assessments be, in convenient csivers°general lime) made out and delivered unto the respective Receivers General, so as every of them may be duly who arc to pay charged to answer their respective Colleflions and Receipts; and that the respective Receivers General bucexchequ'1' shall pay the several sums of Money by them received by virtue of this AH, into his Majesties Exche. y^ry. quer, by half yearly payments, at the iwo moil usual Feasts of the year, (that is to say) the Feast of St. Michael the Arch angel, and the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, or sooner or oftener, if thereunto required by the Commissioners of his Majesties Treasury, or by the High treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and upon the return of any such certificate, the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall, and may, if they see eaufe, exa up^ieturitof mine the Prefenters thereof; and if the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, vyithin their Certificate may several Limits, shall at the time of the return of the Certificates, or within Twenty days after, have inquire and certain knowledge, or vehemently suspect that any person or persons, who ought to be mentioned in bi?her, eli°ns the said Certificates, is, or are omitted, or that any person or persons in the said Certificate mentioned, is or are of a higher Degree or Quality, or of a greater Estate than in the said Certificate is mentioned, ' or is otherwise undercharged, or not duly charged according to the direction of this act, the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, shall have power to summon such person or persons to appear before them, at a day and place prefixed, to be examined touching the Rates and Duties aforesaid, or touching other matters which may any way concern the premises; and if any person or persons fiimmoned to be so examined, shall ncgled to appear, having not a reasonable excuse for such his default, every person so making default, shall pay unto his Majesty double the sum of the Rate he should or ought to have been fet at. And moreover the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall have power, by all lawful ways and means, to examine and inquire into the Degrees, Ranks, Qualifications and Estates of such persons as are charged by this Act, and to fet such Rite or Rates upon eveiy such person or persons, as shall be according to the true intent and meaning of this Act. And the said receiver-general shall have an allowance of twopence in the pound, for all Moneys receiversga which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and that every Collector shall have ne'al and Col threepence in the pound for what Money he shall Pay to the receiver-general, his Deputy and ieflors See. Deputies.

See of Commit XVIII And for the careful writing anti tranferibing the said Warrants, Eftreats and Duplicates in due ftoners Pletk, time, Be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the Commissioners, who shall respectively perform the

sane, shall, by Warrant under two or more of the Commissioners Hands, have and receive from the

respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, one penny in the pound of ail such Money as he shall have received by virtue of such Warrants or Certificates, who is hereby appointed and allow .ed to pay the same accordingly; and if any person or persons shall refuse to pay the several sum and

;; Qner 'Le sums an proportions appointed by this Act for such person to pay, upon demand made by the Officer

"T or Coliedor of the place, according to the Precept or Eftreats to him delivered by the Commissioners appointed

by this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Cplledor, who are hereby thereunto authorised and required, for nonpayment thereof, to distrain the person or persons so refusing

223

APPENDIX.

mg by his or their Goods or Chattels, and the distress so taken, to keep by the space of Four days, at the costs and charges of the Owners thereof, and if the said Owner do not pay the respective sums of Money due by this Act, within the said Four days, then the said distress to be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants where the said distress is taken, and there to be Sold by the said Officer for payment of the said Money, and the overplus coming by the said Sale (if any be) over and above the Charges of taking and keeping the said distress, to be immediately restored to the Owner thereof; and moreover it shall and may be lawful to Break open (in the daytime) any House, and (upon Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the said Commissioners) any Chest, Trunk, Box or other things, where anyfuch Goods are, calling to their assistance the Constable, Tythinginan, and headbo rough within the Counties, Cities, Towns and Places, where any refusal, neglect or reliftance shall be made; which said Officers are hereby required to be aiding and afiilling in the premisses, as they will answer the contrary at their Peril; and if any person or persons, appointed to pay any of the duties charged by this Act, dial] refuse or neglect to pay the said sum or sums so appointed to be paid, by the space of ten days after demand, as aforesaid, where no sufficient distress can or may be found, whereby the same may be levied, in every fueh case, two or more of the Commissioners, or two justices of the Peace, by this Act appointed for any such City, County or Place, are hereby authorised, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such person dr persons to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize, until payment mall be made; and if any person certified, assessed, or Persons overrated, find him or herself agrieved with fueh affecting or rating, and do within ten days after notice of appeaftoccm fttcli assessments given, as herein after is directed, by reading thereof in the Church, complain to the missioner.. Commissioners who signed or allowed their rate, they or any three or more of them shall and may, within ten days next after such complaint, particularly examine the party so complaining, upon his or her Oath, of his or her Rank, Degree, Qualification or Estate, and upon due examination or knowledge thereof, abate, defalk enereafe or enlarge the said Assessment; and the same so abated, enereafed or enlarged, shall be Eftreated by them into the Exchequer in manner aforesaid; and to that end the said Commissioners are hereby required to meet together for the determining of such Complaints and Appeals accordingly.

XIX And be it further enacted that for the better and more effeflual putting in Execution of this Justices of Act, the Justices of the Peace of the several and respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Towns, Bo ^ers^or't'is' roughs and places, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of /ivales, and Town of Berwick upon 4jairyars. Tweed, shall and are hereby appointed Commissioners, for and during the four last years of the said Term of five years, for which the Duties Imposed by this Act are Granted; Who are hereby Authorised and Required, from time to time to put in Execution the several Powers and Authorities hereby Granted them, according to the several diredlions of this Act.

XX And be it further enacted, for the better and more equal Charging the Duties arising by this c°''5a<js Act, that at the end of every year of the said term of five years, for which the said Duties are hereby iy'.° Afferent" Granted, the Colledlors for the next preceding year, shall cause a copy of the respective Assessments given tote made to them, and of the cclledlion made by them for such Division, Parish or Place, for which they were and

appointed Colledlors respectively, to be fairly written and signed by them, but with such alterations lao'year/may therein, as shall be necessary by reason of the Death, change of Quality or Degree, or Removal of any heighten ths person or persons or otheiwife, and at, the bottom thereof, shall write or cause to be written, the Names of tw'o or more of the moll substantial Inhabitants of the respective Cities, Towns, Boroughs, Divi • '

or Places, for which they were Colledlors, whom they in their judgement shall think fit to be appointed Colledlors of the said duties within the said Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Divisions or Piaees respectively for the ensuing year; and the said Colledlors are hereby appointed and required to deliver or cause to be delivered the said Afieffment so fairly written and signed by them, together with the Names of the persons nominated by them, as fit to be Collectors for the year ensuing, or a true Duplicate thereof Signed, - as aforesaid, unro two or more Jufliees of the Peaee for the respective Counties, Ridings,

Cities, Towns, Divisions or Piaees, for which they were appointed Colledlors respectively, within the space of ten days after' the end of every year of the said term of Five years, for which the duties mentioned in this Act are granted which Justices of the Peaee are hereby authorised and required, strictly to peruse the same, and examine the rrefenters thereof, and if the said Justices or any two cf them,, within their several limits or divisions, shall at the time of the delivery of fueh Certificates or assessments.. within ten days after, have certain knowledge, or have cause to suspect, that any person or persons who ought to be mentioned in the said Certificates, or Assessments is, or are omitted,, or that any person. or persons in the faic! Certificate mentioned, is or are of a higher degree or quality, or of a greater Estate than in the said Certificate is mentioned, or is otherwise Undercharged, or not duly charged according to the direction of this Act, the said Justices, or any two of them, shall have power to fummen fueh person or persons to appear before them, at a day and place prefixed to be examined touching the' rates and duties aforesaid, or touching other matters which may any ways concern the premisses; and if any person or persons summoned to be so examined, shall neglect to appear, not having a reasonable excuse for fueh his default, every person so making default, (hail pay unto his Majesty double the sum of the rate he should or ought to have been fet at; And moreover, the said Justices of the Peace, to whom such Certificates or Assessments shall be delivered, or any two of them, or any other two Justices of the peaee of the respective Counties where such Assessment shall be made, .- shall have power, and are hereby required, by ail lawful ways and means, to examine and inquire, into, and concerning the several Degrees, Ranks, Qualifications and Estates of such persons as are chargeable by this Act and .thereupon' to enlarge, alter, abate or diminish the said Affefimcnts so delivered to .the said Juftiees, so that fueh Rate or Rates may be fet and imposed upon every fueh. person or persons as shall be according, to the true.

intent

Vicars to read the Annua] af (eu'ment in the Church.

Persons grieved in four la ft years may appeal to Justices.

Appeals final.

Register to be kept in every Parish of Marriages, Births snd Burials.

Notice to be given to col lettors of Child Born.

APPENDIX.

intent and meaning of this Act; And the said Justices of the Peace, or any three or more of them, (hull, after such perusal and examination thereof, let their Bands to the said respective Assessments testifying their Allowance thereof; And Shall likewise nominate and appoint two of the persons named in the said Certificate or Affeflinent, to be Collectors for the refpeblive Divisions - Places, for which they were so presented;; Shall forthwith deliver, or cause to be delivered such Aflefiment, so by them Allowed of, unto the respective persons by them nominated, to be Collectors for the year ensuing; Who are hereby fti iclly enjoined and required to Collect and pay the several Rates and Duties so Rated and Assessed according to the directions herein before contained, for and touching the Collectors of the said Duties hereby Granted, and under the several Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted upon Collectors for neglect or not performance of their Duty..

XXI And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the several and respective Collectors of the Duty granted by this Act, shall every year, during the continuance thereof, within the space of six days after the respective altefl'ments or Certificates shall be to them delivered, deliver over the same, or a true Copy thereof, unto the respective Parson, Vicar, Rector or Curate for the respective pa rifh, Divisions or Places, for which they are appointed Collectors, under the penalty of forfeiting the Sum of Five pounds to his Majesty;; the said Parsons, Rectors, Vicars and Curates, are hereby required under the like penalty of Five pounds, to be forfeited to his Majesty for every offence, on the next Lords day, commonly called Sunday, after the Receipt thereof, openly and publicly to read or cause the same to be read in the Church, immediately after Divine Service in the morning, to the end that every perfun thereby Rated or Charged, may have notice of such Rate or Charge, and if he or they rind him or themselves aggrieved thereby, they may complain and appeal according to the directions of this Act.

XXII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid that during the Four last years of the said term of Five years, for which the Duties Imposed by this Act are granted, upon complaint made by any person or persons Rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, to the Justices of the Peace who Signed or allowed his or their Rate or Aflefiment within ten days after such notice, as aforesaid, given, by reading the respective Rates and afleflinents in the Church, as before is directed, the said Justices who Signed or Allowed the said Rates, or any t wo of them, together with the other Justices of the said County, Riding, City or Place, where such Afleflinent was made, are hereby impovvered at the next Quarter sessions, after such Complaint, particularly to examine the parties so complaining, upon his or her Oath of his or her Rank, Degree, Qualification or Estate, and upon due examination or knowledge thereof, to abate, increase defalk or enlarge the said afleftments, or any of them; And the same so abated, increased or enlarged, shall be certified and delivered by them unto the respective Collectors of the said Duties for their better direction in the Collection thereof; Who are hereby required to Collect and pay the same, according to the directions of this At, under the several penalties and forfeitures hereby inflit ed upon Collectors for neglet of, or not peforming their duty; And a true Duplicate thereof Shall be in Convenient time by them made out and delivered unto the refpetive Receivers General, so as every of them may be duly Charged to answer their refpetive Colletions and Receipts; And the said Collectors and Receivers General are hereby required, to Pay all and every the sums which Shall be by them collect CD or Received, at any time during the continuance of this At, at such times and places and in such manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures for not payment thereof, as herein before is direted.

XXIII And be it further enated, that all Appeals once heard and determined by virtue of this At, Shall be final, without any further Appeal upon any pretence whatsoever.

XXIV And be it further enated for the better Levying and Colleting the Duties granted by this At, that all persons in holy Orders, Deans, Parsons, Deacons, Vicars, Curates, and their or any of their Subftitntes, do within their refpetive Parishes, Precints, and Places, 'take an exat and true account, and keep a Register in writing of all and every person or persons Married, Buried, Christened or born in his or their refpetive Pari flies, or Precints, or in such Common Burying places as their refpetive Parishioners are usually Buried in, to which Book or Register, the Colletors lor the refpetive Parishes and Places, and all other persons concerned Shall have free access to view the same at all leafon able times, without any Fee or Reward; And if any such Parson or Minister shall refuse, or negiet to keep a true Register thereof, as before is direted, such Parson or other Minister so olfending, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by such personas Shall sue for the same in any of his majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by any Ation of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Eflbign, wager of Law or protection shall be allowed, and wherein the prosecutor shall recover his full Colts, the moiety of which forfeiture ftiall be to the use of the Kings Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the persons who ftiall inform and sue for the same.

XXV And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, that the Parents of every Child which ftiall be born at any time within the said term of Five years, or one of them. Avail within Five days after such birth, give notice to the collectors, or one of them of the Parifn or Place where such Child was born, and of the Christian name of such Child, and the day of its birth; and the said Collcbtors, or one of them shall thereupon give a Certificate in writing under his or their hands unto such Parent, testifying that such notice was given, without Fee or Reward for the same; And in case any Child shall be born dead, then one of the Parents thereof shall bring a Certificate under the hands of two or more persons testifying the same, unto the said Collectors, or one of them; And in case any Parent shall neglect to give such notice, as aforesaid, he shall Forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, one Moiety thereof to ihexings Majesty, and the other moiety to the .Informer.

XXVI And

APPENDIX. 225

XXVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that no letters patents granted by the Planus Kings Majesty, or any of his royal progenitors, or to be granted by his Majesty to any person or persons, other Aft Vmng Cities, Boroughs or Towns Corporate within this Realm, of any manner or Liberties, Privileges or Supply void. Exemptions from Subsidies, t0ii9, Taxes, afteflincnts or Aids, shall he construed or taken to exempt

any person or persons, City, Borough or Town Corporate, or any the Inhabitants of the same, from the Burden and Charge of any sum or turns of money granted by this Act; And all Non Obftantes in such.

Letters Patents, made or to be made, in Bar of any Ad or Acts of Parliament for the Supply or af fiftance of his Majesty, are hereby declared to be void and of none effect; Any such Letters Patents,

Grants or Charters, or any Clause of Non Obstante, or other matter or thing therein contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that where any person or persons Guardian's, C

Chargeable with any Rates or Affcflments by this Act Imposed, shall be under the age of one and twenty ior

years, in every such case the Parents, Guardians and Tutors of such Infants respectively, upon default

of payment by such Infants, shall be, and are hereby made Liable to, and Charged with the payments which such Infants ought to have made; And if such Parents, Guardians or tutors shall neglect or refuse to pay, as aforesaid, It shall and may be Lawful to proceed against them in like manner as against any other person or persons making default of payment, as herein is mentioned; And all Parents,

Guardians and Tutors, making payment, as aforesaid, shall be Allowed all and every the sums paid for such Infants upon his or their Accounts.

XXVIII And be it further enacted, that every person Rated or Assessed by virtue of this Act, Place of affeff shall be Rated at such place where he or she shall te Resident at the time of the execution of this ment

Act; And all persons not being Houfholders, nor having a certain place of Residence, and all Servants shall be Taxed at the place where they shall be resident at the time of the execution of this Act; And if any perfen who ought to be Taxed by virtue of this Act, shall at the time of this Aftefllnent be out of the Realm, such person shall be Rated therefore in such County, City or Place where he was last abiding within this Realm.

XXIX Provided, that if any person or persons by reason of his or their having several Mansion Afferent to Houses or places of Residence or otherwise, shall be doubly Charged by occasion of this Act, then be given to dir upon Certificate made by any two or more of the Commissioners for the County, Riding, City or place charge in nno of his or their personal Residence, under their Hands and Seals of the sum or sums Charged upon him there Place

or them, and in what capacity or respect he or they were so Charged, which Certificate the said Commit • 'are required to give without delay. See or Reward; And upon Oath made of such Certificate before any Juitice of the Peace for the County or Place where the said Certificate shall be made (which Oath the said Justice of Peace is hereby Authorised and Required to Administer)) the person or persons so doubly Charged, shall, for so much as shall be so Certified, be discharged in every other County,

City or Place; And if any other person that ought to be Taxed by virtue of this Act, shall by Changing his pace of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be Taxed, and the same be proved before the Commissioners or any two of them, or before any Justice of the Peace in the County, Riding, City or place where such person dwelleth or refideth, at any time within three months next ensuing after such Tax made, every person that shall so escape from Taxation and Payment, shall be Charged, upon proof thereof, at double the value of so much as he should or ought to have been Taxed at by this Act, and the said double value (upon Certificate thereof made into the Exchequer by the Commissioners or justices before whom such proof shall be made) to be Levied of the Goods,

Lands and Tenements of such person.

‘ XXX And for the better discovery of all such persons as are Charged by virtue of this Act, ' Be Houfiiolder* tit further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that every Houfholder shall, upon the demand of the fhefrlodgers? alteltors or Colledlors of the respective Parishes or Places, give an Account of the Names, Degrees, Qualifications and Estates of such persons as shall Sojourn or Lodge in the respective Houfts, under the penalty of Forfeiting to his Majesty the Sum of Five pounds, to be Levied and Recovered in such manner as other penalties in this Act mentioned are to be Levied and Recovered.

XXXI Provided always, and be it further enacted, that if the Heir of any person dying, shall pay the Ancestor"! be Duties Charged by this Act upon the Burial of such person, or if the said Duties shall be Levied, by vir repaid by Exe„ tue of this Act, upon the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments defeended to such hep, from the person cutors, upon whose Burial the said Duties became due, that then such Heir, his Executors or administrators shall be Entitled to recover so much from the Executors or Administrators of such person, out of Assets of the said Testator or Intestate, by Action of Debt, to be brought in any of his Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster. _

XXXIL And it is further enacted and declared, that if any Colledlor, that shall by virtue of this'manner of react,, appointed for the Receipt of any sums of Money thereby to be afielted, shall neglect or refuse fron^colleftors! to pay any sum or sums of money, which shall be by him Received, as aforesaid, and to Pay the same, as in and by this Act is directed, and shall detain in his or their Hands, any Money Received hy them, or any of them, and not pay the same at such time, as by this Act is directed, the Commissioners of each County, Riding, City or Town respectively, or any two or more of them in their respective divi lions, are hereby Authorised and Empowered to Imprison the person, and Seize and Secure the Estate, both real and personal, of such Colledlor to him belonging, or which shall defeend, or come into the Hands or Possession of his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, wheresoever the same can be di'covered and found; And the said Commissioners, who shall so Seize and secure the Estate of any Colledlor or Colledlors, shall be, and are hereby Empowered to appoint a time for the General meeting of the Commissioners for such County, Riding, City, Town or Place, and there to cause public Notice to be given at the place where such meeting shall be appointed six days at least before such general meeting; And APPEND. Gg the

Plnct of aficft nunt.

Commissioners lo Afters com iiiiffioners.

Person in correlation not to be Afleflor without.

Assessment of

Extraparo

ct.iab.

No r.oli prosequi for Offenders.

Person coming to live in a Town after af feffment may be afiefled by cop.imissioncrs.

Puniflrment of Collectors neglect, see.

Rules betwixt Colleffors, and Receivers General,

APPENDIX.

the Commissioners present at such generaj meeting, or the Major part of them, in case the moneys detained by any such Collector or Collectors be not paid or satisfied, as it ought to be, according to the directions of this Act, shall and are hereby Empowered and Required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall be for the Cause aforefnid Seized and Secured, or any part of them, and to Satisfy and pay into the hands of the receiver-general, the Sum that shall be so detained in the Hands of such Collector ■or Collectors, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators respectively.

XXXIII Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that for the avoiding all obstructions and delays in allehing and collecting the sums which by this Act are to be rated and assessed, all places, Conftablewicks, Divisions and Allotments which have used to be rated and assessed, shall pay and be assessed in such County, Hundred, Rape, Wapentake, Conftablewick, Division, Place and Allotment, as the same hath heretofore usually been assessed in, and not elsewhere.

XXXIV And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Commissioners that shall be within any County, City or Place within the refpcftive Limits, or the major part of them, shall rate and assess every other Commissioner joined with them, for or in respect of the rates and duties hereby granted, so as the residence and usual dwelling place of such Commissioner, foto be assessed, be within the diviflon of such Commissioners by whom he is assessed; And the Commissioners within their division shall assess every affeffor, for all and Angular the premises for which, by this Act, he ought to be rated and assessed;; as well all sums assessed upon every the said Commissioners and nffeffors as the assessments made and fet bv the affefl'ors aforesaid, shall be levied and gathered as the lame Should and ought to have been if such Commissioners had not been named Commissioners.

XXXV Provided also, that no person inhabiting in any City, Borough or town corporate shall be compelled to be any affeffor or collector, of, or for any part of the rates and assessments, hereby granted, in any place or places out of the limits of the said City, Borough or town corporate.

XXXVI And be it further enacted, that in all privileged and other places, being extra parochial, and not within the constablewicks or precincts of the respective assessors, to be appointed by virtue or this Act, the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, and are hereby required to nominate and appoint two lit persons, living in or near tyre said privileged or other places, as aforesaid, to be assessors for the said places, and to make and return their said affeflments in like manner as by this Act is appointed in any parish, tything or place, and also to appoint two or more Collector or Collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the same, according to the rates appointed by this Act for collecting and paying all sums of money payable by this Act.

xxxvii. Provided also, and be it enacted, that no stay of prosecution upon any Command, Warrant, Motion, or Order, or direction by non.vult ulteriusprofequi shall be had, made, admitted, received or allowed by any Court whatsoever, in any salt or proceeding by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information or otherwise, for the recovery of all or any the pains, penalties or forfeitures, upon any person or persons by this Act inflicted or therein mentioned, for, or in order to the Conviction or Disability of any person offending again!! this Act.

‘ A XXVIII And for the more effectual charging all persons chargeable with any of the duties ari C sing by virtue of this Act, ' be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if after the assessments directed by this Act lliall be made, any person shall come to inhabit or reside in any division or place where such person was not Rated or Taxed, the Commissioners acting within such diviflon or place, are hereby required and empowered to summon such person before them; and unless he or Ihe shall produce a Certificate, made according to the directions of this Act, whereby it shall appear that he or Ihe was assessed, and hath paid the duties ariflng by such assessment in some other place, the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to cause such person to be assessed, and the money ariflng by such assessment, to be levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act.

XXXIX And be it further enacted, that if any Affeffor, Collector, or other person appointed by the Commissioners, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his duty in the due and speedy execution oi this Act, the said respective Commissioners, or any three or more of them, may and shall by virtue of this Act, impose on such person or persons so refusing or neglecting their duties any Fine, not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds for any one offence, the same to be levied and certified, as aforesaid, and charged upon the respective Receivers General, among!! the rest of the Rates aforesaid; And the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, may or shall from time to time call for and require an account from the respective Receivers General of all the money received by them of the said Collectors, and of the payments thereof into his fviajefties Exchequer, according to the directions of this Act; And in case of a failure in the premises the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to cause the same to be forthwith levied and paid according to the true intent and meaning of this Act; And in case of any controverlie arising between the said Commissioners concerning the said rates or assessments, the Commissioners that shall be concerned therein, shall have no voice, but shall withdraw during the debate of such controversy, until it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners; And all questions and differences that shall arise touching any of the said rates, taxes, assessments or levies, shall be heard and finally determined by three or more of the Commissioners; upon complaint thereof to them made by any person or persons thereby grieved, without further trouble or suit in Law; And the said receiver-general, his deputy or deputies, shall give acquittances gratis to the said Collectors for all moneys of them received in pursuance of this Act, which acquittances shall be a full discharge to the said Collectors, respectively; And the said Collectors shall make and deliver to the said Receivers General, their deputy or deputies, a perfect Schedule fairly written in Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, signed and allowed by any two or more of the said respective Commissioners containing the names and surnames 3 and

APPENDIX.

and places of abode of every personas well Peer as Commoner, within their respective colledlion, that shall make default of payment of any of the sums that shall be rated or afiefied on such person', for such rate or duty by virtue of this Act, and the sum and sums charged on every such person, the same to be returned by him into his Majesties Exchequer; whereupon every person so making default of payment, may be charged by process of the Court, according to the course thereof in that behalf.

XL Provided .always, and be it enacted, That all Constables? Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and other his Majesties Officers, shall, and are hereby required and enjoined to be re.pedtively aiding and assisting in the execution of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts or Warrants, as shall be wan ants! to them directed in that behalf, by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any two or more of them.

XLI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, plaint, suit or information fltall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall do in athhaii plead pursuance, Or in execution of this Act, such person or persons so Sued in any Court whatibever, shall genb aliffue, or may plead the General issue, Not Guilty, and upon any Issue joined, may give this Acts, and the c special Matter in evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor fltall become Nonluit, or forbear further piofecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant and Defendants shall recover their treble Costs, for which they shall have the like remedy, as in any cases, were colts, by the Law are given to Defendants. ■ •

XLII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all moneys due and payable by this Collegers to Act, shall be paid by the particular Collectors of the respective Counties, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, ££ Receiver C parishes and Places who fltall collect the same, unto such receiver-general, as shall by his Majesty be nerai, but not appointed to receive the same, or the Deputy or Deputies of such receiver-general, to be appointed unto travel above der his Hand and Seal, whereof Notice shall be given by the receiver-general unto the Commissioners lomiles' or any two of them, within their respective Divisions, within Ten days after their rirft General Meeting, Punifltmentof and so from time to timer within Ten days after every Death or removal of any Deputy, if any such shall ^eratfol vertng happen; and the Receipt of such receiver-general, his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, fltall be znbifupir una sufficient discharge unto every such Colledfor. ‘ juftiy upon

XLIII And be it further enacted, That the particular Collectors, for payment of any sums .by them coiiea°rs' received unto such receiver-general, or his Deputy, shall not be obliged to travel above Ten miles from the place of their habitations.

XLIV And for the better preventing such unjust vexations as might be occasioned by such persons as shall be appointed Receivers General of any of the sums of money granted by this Act: and to the in tent the Receivers General may return a true account into his Majesties Court of Exchequer, of such sums of money as fltall be received by them, and every of them, their, and every of their Deputy and Deputies, Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that if any such receiver-general, shall return or certify unto the Paid Court any sum or sums of money, to be in arrear or unpaid, after the same have been received, either by such receiver-general, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, or shall cause any person or persons to be fet Itifnper in the said Court, for any sum or sums of money that hath been so received, that then every such 'receiver-general shall forfeit to every person and persons that shall be molested, vexed or damaged, by reason of such unjust certificate, return, or setting Jnfuper\ treble the damages that shall be thereby occasioned, the said damages to be recovered by Action ot debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no effoign, protedfion, or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance, and shall also forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, double the sum that shall he forunjuftly certified, or returned, or caused to be fet Insuper.

XLV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner or Commission Commissioners ers, who shall be employed in the execution of this Act fltall be liable, for, or by reason of such execution to any of the .Penalties mentioned in an Act made the Five and twentieth year of King ^car.2.cap.s. Charles the Second, for the preventing of dangers which may happen from Popiftt Recusants.

XLVI Provided always, and be it enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred for any levyingofdu offences against this Act, for which there is no particular way of levying herein before prescribed or ap ties pointed, fltall be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of the respective Commissioners of the division or place where any such offence was or shall be committed, by diltrefs and sale of the Goods of the Offender, rendering the Overplus to the Owner thereof, after a deduction of reasonable charges for distraining the same.

XLV II Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Colledtor, appointed by virtue of this Act Penalty upon to collect the duties hereby granted, shall neglect or refuse to deliver a Copy or Duplicate fairly written delivering du and signed by him, of the affeffinent, by which he collected the said Duties, together with the Names, plicates to next of Two or more of, the Inhabitants of the Parish or Place for which he was Colledtor, to be appointed Colleflore. Collectors for the year next ensuing, at such time and in such manner as herein before is directed, every Collect r so offending shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to his Majesty, to be recovered and levi.a in such manner as herein is directed.

XLVIII Provided always, and be it enacted, That the several duties and sums of money due and Overseers of th payable by this Act, for, and upon the Burial of any person, who in his Life time, and at the time of ta^so^oors his Death was relieved where he Inhabited by virtue of any Act of Parliament made i'cr relief of the Burial.

Poor shall be paid and answered to his Majesty, by the churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for that Parish or Place where such person was last relieved or maintained, out of such money as they shall receive for the relief of the Poor of their respective Parishes or Places, and shall be allowed the same upon their accounts; and in default of payment, the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall te liable to be distrained upon, and otherwise prosecuted and punished, in such manner, as any other persons

nice cf demand for u lial Tax.

Corporalion to pay ior their Poor of that Suburbs,

Accounting of the Receivers,

Penalty upon Vicar Marrying in Privileged place without Licence.

Fellows of Colleges Exempt from the Tax.

Matter of Family shall pay ior infant Dying, and how .repaid.

APPENDIX.

neglecting or refilling to pay the Duties payable by them upon demand, are hereby made Jyable to be distrained upon or prosecuted.

XLIX Provided always, that a demand at the house where the person died, upon whose Burial any duty is payable by this Act of the money due for such Burial, shall be construed and deemed to be a good demand thereof by virtue of this Act.

L And whereas in Cities, Corporations, and other great Towns, where there are more Parithes than one, and the poor people in the same do generally live in the skirts or outsides of such Cities, Corporations, and other great d owns : And in case such poor Parishes should, by virtue of this Act, be liable to pay the lax laid upon the burial of every person which received Alms within their respective Parishes, it would be extremely burdensome: For remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the Churchwardens and overseers of every Parish, in every City or Corporation, or Liberties or Suburbs thereof, ard of every great Town, who have more Parishes than one, as aforesaid, shall during the continuance of this Act, upon or before the Tenth day of May in every year, deliver unto the Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or Head Officer or Officers of every such City, Corporation or great Town, a Schedule, or List in Writing, which shall contain the Name of every Poor person Buried in their respective Parishes within the year preceding, and for whose Burial they paid the Duty imposed by this Act; upon the delivery whereof such Churchwardens, Overseers of the poor, or same of them, shall make Oath before the said Mayor, Justice of the Peace, Chief Magistrate, or Head Officer, of the truth of the Laid Schedule or List (which Oath they are respectively hereby empowered to administer) and after delivery of such Schedule or Lists, in manner aforesaid, the Lid Mayors, Chief Magistrates, or other Head Officers, shall respectively cause all the said sums, so paid by the Laid respective Churchwardens or Overseers of the poor, upon the Burial of evrey such poor person in the said several Schedules mentioned to be taxed upon the several Cities, Corporations and great Towns in general, with other charges for relief of the Poor, and in the like manner, and within Two months after the same shall be assessed, shall cause payment to be made to the respective Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the year preceding, of all such sum and sums of money as they respectively paid in their respective Parishes, for the Burial of poor persons in the same year.

LI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such Receiver or Receivers General, or other person or persons who is or shall be employed in the receiving, collecting or paying the several Duties upon Marriages Births and Burials, and also upon Bachelors arid Widowers by this Act granted, shall and are hereby required, between the First day of May, One thousand six hundred ninety LIX and the First day of November, following, and so from year to year yearly at those times, during the continuance of this Adito deliver in their respective accounts thereof to his Majesties Auditors of the Imprefts for the time being, or one of them, who shall be, and are hereby from time to time respectively authorised to examine upon Oath the said Receiver or Receivers General, or other person or persons Accomptants, which are or shall be employed in raffing, receiving and collecting the said duties, of what sum or sums of money was or were by them or any of them respectively railed, collected or received within the time of such their accounts, and likewise what part thereof was by them or any of them paid into the Receipt of his Majesties Exchequer, or by virtue of any Warrant of Privy Seal, or Warrant of the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesties Treasury for the time being, otherwise paid, and to whom, and for what service or services; and in making the said accounts to and before the said Auditors, or one of them, they are to produce proper Vouchers for every sum or sums of money so by them or any of them railed, received and paid, according to the ancient methods of the Exchequer, to the end it may appear upon Record, what the same amounted to in a year, for which such account or accounts shall be made, and what thereof was paid, and to whom, and for what use and service, uses and services, as aforesaid, and what remains unpaid, and rests insuper upon each respective Receiver and Colledtor; and such account or accounts foto be taken by the said Auditor, is and are to be declared before the Lord Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the 1'reafury, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, according to the course of the Exchequer in such cases.

LI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person shall be Married at any Place pretending to be exempt from the Visitation of the Bishop of the Diocese, without a Licence first had and obtained, except the Banns shall be Published and Certified according to Law; and that every Parson, Vicar and Curate, who shall Marry any persons contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, fhfti forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesties Courts of Record, one moiety whereof to the King, his Heirs and suc cefibrs, and the aether moiety to the Informer who shall Sue for the same, and shall for the Second offence be Suspended ah Officio & Beneficio, for the space of Three years.

LIII And whereas the Fellows, Students, Scholars and Exhibitioners of the Foundations or .Endowments of any College or Hall in the two Universities, are, by the Statutes in their respective col ledges and'halls, to be displaced from their Places and Maintenance therein, if they shall Marry: Beit enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Rates and Taxes by this Act imposed, or to be imposed on Bachelors, shall not extend to such Fellows, Students or Scholars of Houses, or Scholars having Exhibitions in any such Colleges or Halls; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIV Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any person under the Age of One and twenty years, shall not be Resident at the time of his or her Death, with his or her Father or Mother, that in such case the Master or Mistress of the Family or House where such person shall die, shall pay the several duties and sums of money, which shall become due and payable, by virtue of this Act, for

229

APPENDIX.

and upon the Burial of such person: and in default of payment, the said duties and sums of money shall be levied by distress and sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Matter or Mistress, or otherwise, as by this Abl is directed touching the duties payable by virtue thereof; and such Matter or Mistress, paying such duties, as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby entitled to dedubl and retain so much as he or she shall lo pay, out of the Estate of such person so dying in his or her hands; and in case such Matter or Mistress shall not have fufhcient Estate in his or her hands belonging to the person Deceased, then such.

Matter or Mistress shall, and is hereby entitled to demand and recover so much Money, as he or she shall so pay, from the Father of such person, if living, and if there shall be no Father living, then from such person who was, or took upon him or herself to be Guardian or Trustee of such Child, by Abtion of Debt, to be brought in any of his Majesties Courts of Record at tvejlminjier, wherein no effoign, wager of Law or proteblion shall be allowed.

LV And for the better preserving the Genealogies, Descents and Alliances of the Nobility and Gen certificate of try, Be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That upon the Burial of every person or persons, Degree, cof of any the Degrees, Ranks, Titles or Qualities aforementioned, for which a duty of twenty Shillings per ons or upwards is charged by this Abl (except such persons as are charged only for, or in respect of their having Fifty pounds per Annum, or six hundred pounds Personal Estate) the party liable to pay the said duty, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Colleblor or Collectors appointed by this Act, ager tificate in writing, under his or her Hand and Seal, Engrossed in Parchment, or otherwise, expressing the Name, Surname, Title, Quality, Office and Employment (if any) of such deceased person, with the Age, Time of Death, Place of Burial, Marriages and Issue, and the Ages of such Issue, together with the Names, Surnames, Titles and Qualities of the Parents of such deceased persons; which Certificates shall be Transmitted to the receiver-general, his Deputy or Deputies, who filial] deliver them to the Kings Heralds and Purfuivants at Arms.; and the said Officers of Arms shall thereupon forthwith number, schedule, and digest the same in'alphabetical order, in Books to be provided for that purpose, and shall File up the Originals, in the College of Arms for public use, and shall be answerable for the keeping thereof, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.

LVI And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful, to and for any ciaufe ofcfe person or persons, Natives or Foreigners; Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and Lend to his dit for 65COOO, = Majesty, into the Receipt of his Exchequer, upon the credit of this Abl, any sum or sums of money, at 81, per Cem' not exceeding the sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand pounds in the whole, and to have and receive for the forbearance of all such money as shall be Lent, Interest not exceeding the rate of Eight pounds per Centum, per Annum. • • •

LVII And be it further enabled and ordained by the authority aforesaid. That all and every the Of Officers to ficer and Officers, who shall be concerned in the levying, collecting and receiving the duties arising by Account this Act, do keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and the same shall, from time to time, be ccoun ' brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer. '

LV ill. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That there shall be provided and kept Order, Tally in his Majesties exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the receipts, one Book in pa>tandpr*. which all moneys that shall be paid into the Exchequer, by virtue of this Abl, shall be Entered andfer nce. r^giftred apart and diftinbt from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty upon any account whatsoever.; and that all and every person and persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who' shall Lend any money to his Majesty upon the credit of this Abl, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with the Talley pin which order shall be also contained awarrant for payment of Interest tor Forbearance, not exceeding the Rates aforesaid, for his or their Consideration - be paid every Three months, until the Repayment of his or their Principal; And that all Orders for repayment of Money shall be Registered in course, according to the Date of the Tallp respectively, without preference of one before another; And that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in course, according as their Orders shall stand Registered in the said Book, so as that the Person, Native or Foreigner, his or their Executors, Administra ors or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first Entered in the said Book, shall be taken and accounted as the first person to be paid upon the Moneys to come in by virtue of this Abl; And he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next Entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in course; And that the Moneys to come in by this Abr, shall be in the same'

Order liable to the fatisfabtion of the said respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators or assigns successively, without preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and not to be divertible to any other use, intent or purpose whatsoever; And that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, direbtly or indirebt -- ]y, be demanded or taken of any of his Majesties Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books,.

Registers, Entries, 'View or Search, as aforesaid, or in, or for the payment of Money lent, or the littered, as aforesaid, by any of his Majesties Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on pain of payment of treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with Coils of Suit; Or if the'

Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also;; if anyu: .due; preference of one before another shall be made, ei'her in point of Regillry or Payment contrary to the' true meaning of this Abl, by any such Officer or Officers, Then the Party offending shall be liable by abiion of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the value of the Debt, Damages and Costs to the Paitv grieved, and shall be forejudged font his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direblion cr Privity of his Master, Then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Abtion, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after uncapable of his Place

or

A P r P E N ■ D If X

or Office; And in case the Auditor 'shall, not direa;, or the clerk .of the Pells, Record, or the Teller make. Payment according to each Per tonnes due Place and .Order, us aforedircaed, then he or, they ihajl by judged to forfeit, and their refpeaive Deputies and Clerks herein 'offending, to. be l.iable.to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such manner as aforesaid;;. .wjiicji. fajd; Penalties., .Forfeitures, Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers aforesaid, any their; Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in? any of his Majesties, Courts of Record at.jfijl fnvtftert. wherein no fltoign, Protection, Priyiledgc, Wager of Law, .., injunaion or Order of Reftrairit shall be in airy wife granted or allowed; ' ir.. •. ■

, LIX provided'always, and be it hereby Declared, That if it shall happen that feyetal. Talleys of Loan, or Orders for Payment, as afprefajd,, bear Date, or be'brought the same day, to. the Auditor, of the Receipt to be Rcgiftred, Then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of cjiofe he Enters, first, folie Enters them all the same .day..,,,, .y, \

LX Provided alio, I liac it shall not, be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in point of. payment, if. the Auditor Direct, .and the Clerk of, the pells Record and the Teller, pay lubfequentiorders .of Persons that, come and demand their Money, and bring their Orders in their, cqurfe, so as there, may be.so. much Money refejrved as will fa, ti$fie.precedent Orders, which shall npt.be otherwise disposed, but kept 'for them,. (Interest upon Loan being to cease from die time the. Money is

so reierved and kept, .in baqk for them: : ft L ',.;

Older transfer. lxl.xnd be it further, enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person pr persons.to whom rabie. any Money shall be due by virtue of this A A, after; Order Entered in the Book or Register aforesaid for

payment thereof, his Executors, Adrruniftraiors. or Aftigns, oy Endorsement of his Order may Aftign

and Transfer his Right, Title, Interest and. Benefit of such Order, or any part thereof, to any other;

which being notified, in the office of the Auditor of Receipt aforesaid.. an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in, the Book of Register. aforefifid for Orders; (which the Officers shall upon request, without,. see or Charge, accordingly make), shall Entitle such Atfignee, his Executors, Administrators, or ■ Aftigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon : and such Assignee may in like manner, Aftign again, anu so toties quoties', and afterwards .it shall not be in the power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignments, to make void, release or discharge the same.

tyovmon for LXII Provided always, and be it enacted, T hat it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, Salaries. ' his Heirs and successors, out of the .Duties arifirig. by this .AA, to cause such firm and sums of Money to, be. expended, and paid from time .to, time for Salaries .and other incident charges, as shall be necef ffiry in and for the receiving, colleaing, levying or managing of the same Duties, during the said ' ■ tain therein by. this aargrantqd;, anything herein contained to the, contrary notwithstanding.

Tews LXHI. Provided always and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons conn

cohabhing, to monly called Quakers, or reputed such, and all Papists or reputed Paplfts, whether they are Popish pay, but not to Recusants convia, or not, and all Jews, or any other persons who, mall cohabit and live together as marriage^rood Wise, Shall and are hereby; made liable to pay the several and refpeaive Duties and sums of

n Law. •• money payable upon Marriages, according to their refpeaive Degrees, Titles, Orders and Qualifications, as they, ought to have paid by virtue of this AA, if. they had been Married according to the Law of xwwj.which duties.and, sums. of Money shall.be colieaed, .levyed and paid in such manner, and fubjea to such rules and direaions, and under such Penalties and. forfeitures, as are in this AA specified and contained, for and concerning payment of the several and refpeaive duties payable upon. Marriages, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon every pretended Marriage which shall be made by any.such person, within the said term of Five years, according to the Method and. Forms used amongst them, the Man so entering into such pretended state of Matrimony, shall within Five days after, give Notice thereof: to the Collectors, or one of them, of the Parish or Place where he Lives; and in default of giving such Notice, lie shall forfeit the sum of Five pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Kings Majesty; the other Moiety to the Informer.

LXIV Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to make good or efireaual in Law any such Marriage or pretended Marriage, but that they shall be of the same Force and virtue, ' and no other, as they would have been if this AA had never been made.

antlo

231

A P P E N ' D I X

Anno Regni ann^s Regina Anglia Scotia, Francia £? Hibernia, frimo.

At the Parliament begun at Westminster the Thirtieth Day of December, Anno Dom, 1701. In the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King William .the Third -, And from thence Continued to the Eighth Day of March, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, Ac.

CAP. XIV

An Act for Enabling Her Majesty to Appoint Commissioners to Treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England■ and Scotland.

WHEREAS the Parliament of Scotland did in the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, (hew Their Desire of an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and in Order thereunto did Pass an AH, Nominating Commissioners to Treat concerning the Union of the Two Kingdoms. And whereas the Queens moil: Excellent Majesty, out of her Princely Zeal and Care for the Welfare and Happiness of her Subjects, is desirous of a nearer and more Complete Union between Her Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and hath Recommended to Her Parliament of England, from the Throne, to Consider of Proper Methods for Obtaining the same : To the end therefore that.her Majesties Royaland Gracious Purposes may be Accompliftied, and such a farther Union may be Treated and Agreed upon, as may Complete and Confirm for ever a Constant Mutual Love arid Friendship between the Subjects of both Realms; Be it enahed by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consens of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons in this present Parliament Assembled, - and by the Authority of the same. That such Persons as shall be Nominated by Her Majesty, under Her Great Seal of England, or such and so many of them, as shall in.that: behalf be Appointed, by Her Majesty to be of the Quorum, shall, by Force of this AH, have full Power, ' Cbirimiftion and Authority, at such time arid times, and in such Place or. Places, as Her Majesty shall Please to Appoint, to' Assemble and Meet, and thereupon to Treat and Consult, according to the Tenor or Purport of their Authority or Commission in that behalf, with certain Commissioners as shall be Authorised by Authority of the Parliament of Scotland, of and concerning such an Union of the said Realms of. England and Scotland, and of arid concerning such other Matters, Clauses arid Things whatsoeverj as upon Mature Deliberation and Consideration of the greatest part of the said Commissioners Assembled, as aforesaid, and the Commissioners to be Authorised by the Parliament of Scotland, according to the Tenor or Purport of their Commission in that behalf, shall in their Wisdoms think. Convenient and: Necessary, for the Honour of Her Majesty, and the Weal and Common Good of both the said kingdoms for ever; Which Commissioners of both the said Kingdoms shall, according to the Tenor or Purport of their said Authorities or Commissions in that behalf, reduce their Doings and Proceedings therein into Writings or Instruments Shuidriipartite, every part to be Subscribed and Sealed by them : To the end that one part thereof may, in all Humbleness, be presented to the Queens most Excellent Majesty, Two other Parts thereof to be Offered to the Consideration of the Parliament for the Realm of England, and another part to be Offered to the Consideration of the Parliament for the Realm of Scotland, at their next Sessions, which shall be held in each Kingdom refpehively, after such Writirigs or Instruments shall be Subscribed and Sealed by the said Commissioners: : thereupon such further Proceedings may be had, as by Her Majesty and both the said Parliaments shall be thought fit and necessary, for the Weal and Common Good of both the said Kingdoms; to whom the entire Consideration of the wffiole, and the Allowing or Disallowing the whole, or any part thereof, as they shall think fit, is wholly referred.

II Provided also, and be it enahed and Declared, That no Matter or Thing to be Treated of. Agreed or Proposed by the said Commissioners, by Virtue of this AH, shall have any Force or effeh to be put in Execution, until it be Confirmed and Established by Act of Parliament of England.

i

Anno

A P P E N DI X

Anno Regni Annas Regina Magna Britannia, Fran eta, Hibernia, quarto.

At the Parliament fuinmoned to be held at wejlminster, the Fourteenth Day of June, Anno Bom. 1705, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of Grid, of 'great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Five and twentieth Day of Dtlober, 1705, and then begun and held, being the First Session of this present: Parliament.

CAP. XVII

i. > *

An at to prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts.

WHEREAS many Persons have and do daily become Bankrupt, not so much by reason of Loftes and Unavoidable Misfortunes, as to the intent to Defraud and Hinder their Creditors of their just Debts and Duties .0 them Due and Owing; For the Prevention thereof. Be it jena&ed by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, if any Person or Persons, who from and after the Four and twentieth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and six, shall become a Bankrupt within the several Statutes made against Bankrupts, or any of them, and against whom a Coramiflion of Bankrupts, .under the Great Seal of England shall be Awarded and Issued out, shall not within Thirty Days next after Notice thereof in Writing shall be left at the Place of the usual Abode of such Person or Persons, and Notice given in the Gazette, That such Commission or Commissions is or are Issued forth, and of the Time and Place of a Meeting of the Paid Commissioners, Surrender him, her or themselves to the Commifti oners named jn .the said Commilfion, or some of them, and submit to be Examined from time to time upon Oath, by .and before the said Commissioners, or the major part of them, bythefaid com milfton Authorised, and in all things conform to the several Statutes already made concerning Bankrupts, and also upon such Examination fully arid truly Disclose and Discover how and in what manner, and to whom, .and upon what Consideration he, fire or they hath or have Disposed, Assigned ortranf ferred any of his, her or their Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Money or other Effects or Estate, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto, of which he, she or they were Poftefled, or in or to which he, she or they were any way Interested or Entitled, or which any Person or Persons had, or hath, or have had in 'Ijruft for him, her or them, or for his, her or their use, at any time before or after the Bluing out of .the said Commission, and also deliver up unto the said Commissioners, or the major part .of the Commissioners by the said Commission Authorised, all such part of his, her or their the said Bankrupts Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Effects and Estate, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto, as at the time of such Examination shall be in his, her or their Possession, Cuftcdy or Power, (his, her or their, and his, her and their Wives and Childrens necessary Wearing Apparel only excepted) Then he, (he or they the said Bankrupt, in case of any Default or Wilful omif jion therein, or in .any the premisses, and being thereof lawfully Convidfed by indictment or Information, shall suffer as a Felon, without the Benefit of Clergy.

II Provided always, and it is hereby Declared and Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall 1 p.nd may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal of England for the time being, to Enlarge the time for such Person or Persons Surrendring him, her or themselves, and Disclosing and Difcoyering his, her or their Estate and Effects, as aforesaid, as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding Sixty Days, so as such Order for so Enlarging the Time, be made by the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or com ta$ioners, Five Days before the time on which such Person or Persons was or were foto Surrender him, her or themselves, and make such Discovery, as aforesaid,

HI. and‘be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the said .Four and twentieth Day of June, a Commission of Bankrupt, under the Great Seal of England, shall Iftue forth .against any person or Persons, That then the Commissioners therein named, or the major part.of them Authorised to put the said Commission in Execution, shall by virtue hereof, and of the said cotn million, have full Power and author.ty to send for and call before them, by such Process, Ways or Means, as they in their Discretions shall think convenient, all and every such Person and Persons as they shall be informed and believe can give any Account or Information of any act or Acts of bank rupey committed by such Person or Persons, against whom such Commission (hail Iftue forth; and upon their Appearance to Examine them, and every of them, as well upon their Oaths, as otherwise, by such Ways and Means as the said Commissioners, or such major part of them, are by Law Authorised to Examine, touching or concerning such Bankrupts Estate, touching any A or Ails of Bankrupty committed by such Person or Persons against whom such Commission shall issue forth; and if any Person or Persons, upon Payment or Tender, and Refusal to Accept of such reasonable Charge, shall Refuse or

Neglect

APPENDIX. 233

Neglect to Come and Appear, not having a lawful Excuse, to be made known to the said Commissioners, and by them allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be Sworn, or being of the People' called Quakers, to take the Solemn Affirmation, by Law appointed for such People, or being Sworn, or having taken such Affirmation, shall refuse to answer all such Questions, as by the said com missioner shall be put unto him, her or them, relating to any Act of Bankrupcy committed by the per son or Persons against whom such Commiifion is awarded, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, That then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such major part of them, to commit to such Prison, as to them shall be thought meet, all such Person or Persons, and also to direct their Warrant or Warrants to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners, or greater part of them, shall think meet, to Apprehend and Arrest such Person or Persons as shall so refuse to Appear, and to commit such Person or Persons to such Prison as the said Commissioners, or such major part of them, shall think meet, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such time as such Person or Persons shall submit him or heifelf to the said Commissioners, and be by them Examined, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this AI. Provided, That no Person shall be obliged to Travel above Twenty Miles to be so Examined.

IV And be it further Enacted by the Authority aferefaid, That upon Certificate Made and Granted under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or such major part of them, that such commission is lifted forth, and such Person or Persons proved before them to become Bankrupt, That then it shall and may be lawful to and for all or any or the Judges of Her Majeffies Courts of Queens Bench,

Common Pleas, or Court of Exchequer, and to and for all and every the Justices of the Peace within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, (and they are hereby Empowered and Required, upon Application to them for that purpose made) to Grant his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, as well for the Taking and Apprehending such Person or Persons, and him, her, or them to commit to the Common Gaol of the County where he, fly, or they shall be so Taken and Apprehended, there to remain, until he, (lie, or they shall be thence Removed by Order of the said Commissioners, or such major part of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals; and the Goaler or Keeper, to whole Custody such Person or Persons shall be Committed, is hereby Required forthwith to give Notice to some One of the said Commissioners in the said Commission named of such Person or Persons being in his or their Custody, to the intent the said Commissioners may send their Warrant to the said Goaler or Keeper (which they are hereby Empowered and Required forthwith to send) for the Delivering such Bankrupt or Bankrupts to the Person or Persons named in such Warrant, and thereby Authorised to Convey such Person to the said com missioner, in Order to such Examination and Discovery, as aforesaid, as also to take and seize any the Wares, Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects of such Person or Persons, or any of his, her or their Books,

Papers or Writings, or any other his or their Real or Personal Estate.

r. Provided always, and be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Person or Persons so Apprehended and Taken within the said Thirty Days, shall submit to be Examined, and in all things Conform, as if he had Surrendered himself, as by this Act such Bankrupt or Bankrupts is or are Required, then such Person or Persons so Submitting and Conforming, shall have the Benefit of this Act to all intents and purposes, as if he had Voluntarily Come in and Surrendered himself;; tiling herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI Provided always, and be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall by reason of this a<51 incur the Penalty of Felony, that then such Felons Goods and Estate shall go to, and be Divided amongst the Creditors seeking Relief by such Commission;; Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons so becoming Bankrupt, as' aforesaid, who shall, within the time Limited by this Act, Surrender him, her or themselves to the major part of the Commissioners therein named, and in all things Conform as in and by this Act is Directed, shall be allowed the Sum of Five Pounds per Centum out of the Neat Product of all the Estate that shall be Recovered in and Received on such Discovery, which shall be paid unto him by the Assignee or Assignees of the said Commissioners, so as the said Five Pounds per Centum shall not amount in the whole to above the Sum of Two hundred pounds, and shall be discharged from all Debts by him, her, or them due and owing at the time that he, Ihe, or they did become Bankrupt; and in case any such Bankrupt shall afterwards be Arrested, Prosecuted or Impleaded for any Debt due before such time as he, (he, or they became Bankrupt, such Bankrupt shall he discharged upon Common Bail, and shall and may Plead in General, That the Cause of such action or Suit did accrue before such time as he became Bankrupt, and may give this at and the Special Matter in Evidence, and if a Verdkft pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become Non 1 suited, or Judgement be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall Recover his Costs, as in other Cases.

VIII Provided always, and it is hereby Declared and Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Neat Proceed of such Bankrupts Estate foto be Discovered, Recovered, and Received, together with what shall be otherwise Recovered and Received, shall not amount to so much as will Pay all and every the Creditors of such Bankrupt the Sum of Eight Shillings in the Pound, after all Charges first had and deducted. That then, and in such case, such Bankrupt shall not be allowed the said Sum of Five Pounds per Centum, of such Estate as shall be so Recovered in, but shall be Allowed and Paid by the assignees, so much Money as the said Assignees and the major part of the said Commissioners shall think fit to Allow to such Bankrupt, and no more.

APPENDIX.

IX And for the better Discovery of the said Bankrupts Estate, in case he, Ate or they shall refuse or neglebt to Surrender him, her or themselves, and conform to this Act, as aforesaid;; It Enabled by the Authority ttforefaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall have accepted of any Trust or Trusts, and Conceal or Protebt any Estate, cither Real or Personal of any Person becoming Bankrupt, as aforesaid, from his, ltcr or their Creditors, and shall not within Thirty Days next afeer such Commission Atall issue forth, and Notice thereof given to such Person or Persons, Discover and dif clofc such Trust and Estate in Writing to some One of the Commissioners, and submit himself to be Examined by the Commissioners, or such major part of them as by the said' Commission shall be Authorised, and truly Discover the same, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and double the Value of the Estate, cither Real or Personal so concealed, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Creditors, to be Recovered by Action of Debt, in any of Her Majesties Courts of Record, in the Name of the Assignees of the said Commissioners, in which Case Costs shall be Allowed to either Party as in other Common Cases.

X And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall wi'hin sixty Days next after the time allowed to such Bankrupt to Surrender himself, and Conform, as aforesaid, voluntarily Come in and make Discovery of any part of such Bankrupts Estate, before the major part of the said Commissioners, shall] be allowed the Sum of Three Pounds per Centum, out of the Neat Proceed of all that shall be Recovered on such Discovery, which fltall be Paid to the Person or Persons so Discovering the same, by the Affignce or Assignees to whom the same shall be Assigned.

XI And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That where there Atall appear to the Commissioners, or the major part of them, that there hath ben mutual Credit given between such per son or Persons, against whom Rich Contmission Atall issue forth, and any Person or Persons who Atall be Debtor or Debtors to such Person or Persons, and due Proof thereof made, and that the Accounts arc open and unbalanced, That then it Atall be Lawful for the Commissioners in the said Commission named, or the major part of them, or the Assignee or Assignees of such Commission, to Adjust the said Account, and to take the Balance due in full Discharge thereof, and the Person Debtor to such Bankrupt shall not be compelled or obliged to Pay more than Atall appear to be due on such Balance.

XII Provided always, and be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Abt Atall be Construed to extend to Grant any Privilege, Benefit or Advantage to any Bankrupt whatlbever, against whom a Commission under the Great Seal Atall issue forth, who hath, for or upon Marriage of any of his or her Children, given, advanced or paid above the Value of One hundred Pounds, unless he'or Ate Atall prove, by his or her Books fairly kept, or otherwise, and upon his or her Oath, before the major part of the Commissioners in such Commission named, that he or she had at the time thereof, over and above the Value so given, advanced or paid, remaining in Goods, Wares, Debts, Ready money, or other Real or Personal Estate sufficient to pay and satisfy unto each and every Person to whom he or she was any way Indebted, their full and entire Debts.

XIII Provided always, and be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major part of them, Avail appoint within the said Thirty Days, not less than Three several Meetings for the Purposes aforesaid, the last of which shall be on the said Thirtieth Day hereby limited for such Bankrupts Appearance.

XIV Provided always, and be it hereby Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons Atall be Sued or Prosecuted by any Abiicn, Bill, Plaint or Information, for anything done or to be done by him, her or them in Prosecution of this Abt, It shall and may be Lawful to and for such Person or Persons to Plead the General Issue, and to give this Abt, and the Special Matter in Evidence.

XV Provided also, and be it Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Abt contained shall extend to Give or Grant any Liberty, Privilege, Benefit or Advantage in this Abt mentioned, to any Person whatsoever, against whom a Commission of Bankrupts shall be Awarded, who hall have Lost in any one Day the Sum or Value of Five Pounds, or in the whole the Sum or Vslue of One hundred Pounds, within the Space or Term of Twelve Months next preceding his or her becoming a Bankrupt, in playing at or with Cards, Di e, Tables, Tennis, Bowls, Shovel board, or in or by Cock fightings, Horie Races, Dog matches, or Foot races, or other Pallimes, Game or Games whatsoever, or in or by bearing a Share or Part in the Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by Betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do or Avail Play, Abt, Ride or Run, as aforesaid.

XVI And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That this Abt shall continue and be in force for the space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

XVII And for the better Encouragement of such Persons as already are become Bankrupts, to make a true and just Discovery of their Estates, and to Deliver the same up, fur the Use and Benefit of their Creditors; Be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That all and every Person and Persons who are become Bankrupts, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt hath Issued, before the Tenth Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and five, who Avail Voluntarily, on or before the Four and twentieth Day of ‘june, One thousand seven hundred and six. Surrender him, her or themselves to the Commissioners in such Commission named, or the major part of them, and Submit to be Examined from time to time upon Oath by and before tive said Commissioners, or the major part of them, and in all things Conform to the several Statutes already made concerning Bankrupts, and to this present Abt, ftvall to all intents and purposes have the Benefit of this Act.

APPENDIX.

XVIII Provided always, and be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Person or Persons, so Voluntarily Surrendring him, her or themselves, shall afterwards Neglect, or Omit tp Discover and Deliver his, her or their Estates and Effects, and in everything ad and do as in this Act is Directed, every such Person or Persons shall be taken and adjudged to be a Fraudulent Bankrupt within the true intent and meaning of this Act, and thereof being Lawfully Convicted, shall suffer as a Felon without the Benefit of Clergy.

XIX Provided also, and be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Difeovcry upon Oath to be made by any Bankrupt of his or her Estate and Effects pursuant to this Act, shall Entitle such Bankrupt to the Benefits allowed by this Act, unless the Commissioners of Bankrupts, or the greater part of them that shall be named in the Commission Iilued, or to be Blued against him or her, lb all in Writing under their Hands and Seals, Certify to the Lord Chancellor of England, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England for the time being, that such Bankrupt hath made Discovery of his Estate and Effects, and in all things Conformed himself according to the Directions of this Act, and that there doth not appear to them any reason to doubt of the Truth of such Discovery, or that the same is not a full Discovery of all such Bankrupts Estate and Effects;; unless such Certificate Shall be Allowed and Confirmed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England for the time being, or by such Two of the Judges of the Courts of Queens Bench, Common Fleas, and Court of Exchequer at jveflmvtjler, to whom the Consideration of such Certificate shall be referred by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England for the time being, and the Creditors of such Bankrupts are to be allowed to be heard, if they shall think fit, before the respective Persons aforesaid, against the making such Certificate, and against the Confirmation thereof.

XX Ar whereas Commissions of Bankrupts have been often Executed with great Expense in Eating and Drinking, at the Meetings of the Commissioners, or some of them therein Named, to the great Prejudice of the Bankrupts and their Creditors; Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that there shall not be paid or allowed by the Creditors, or out of the Estate of the Bankrupts, any Moneys whatsoever for Expenses in Eating or Drinking of the Commissioners, or of any other Persons at the times of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, or of any of the Creditors, or others, in Order to execute or prepare Matters for the Execution of such Commissions;; if any Person or Persons named, or to be made, as a Commissioner or Commissioners in any such Commission, shall Order any such Expense to be made, or Eat or Drink at any such Meeting at the Charge of the Creditors, or out of tyre Estate of such Bankrupt, every such Commissioner so offending, shall be Disabled for ever after to Aft as a Commissioner in such, or any other Commission founded on the Statutes made against Bankrupts.

Anno Regni Annie Regina Anglia, Scotia, Francia, & Hibernia, quinto.

At the Parliament Summoned to be Field at Wejltninfler, the Fourteenth Day of June, anno^dom. 1705. In the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence Continued by several Prorogations to the Five and twentieth Day of October, 1705. And then Begun and Held, being the First Session of this present Parliament. And from thence Continued by several Prorogations to the Third Day of December, 1706. Being the Second Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. XXII

An Act to Explain and Amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for Preventing Frauds frequently Committed by Bankrupts.

WHEREAS an Act made in the First Session of this present Parliament, held in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesties Reign, Entitled, An Act for Preventing Frauds frequently Committed by Bankrupts, hath not Aniwcred the good Intent thereof; but on the contrary, many notorious Frauds and Abuses have been Committed, notwithstanding the Provisions and Penalties in the said Act: For Prevention whereof for the future, and for Explaining and Amending the said late Aft, Be it Enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament Assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, who shall become Bankrupt within the several Statutes made against Bankrupts, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons, by or with his, her or their Order, Consent or Privity, shall from and after the Five and twentieth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and seven. Remove, Carry away, Conceal, destroy or Imbezel any of the Goods, Wares. Merchandizes, Moneys, or Effects, whereof he, Ihe or they, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, is or are Possessed or Entitled unto, to the Value of Twenty Pounds, or upwards, or any Books of Accounts, Bonds, Bills, Notes, Papers, or Writings relating thereunto, with Intent to Defraud his, her, or their Creditors, every such Person and Persons so becoming Bankrupt, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall suffer as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy; And in such case such Bankrupts Goods and Eftafes shall go to, and be divided amongst the Creditors; Any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notvyithftanding,

II And be it further Enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said hive and twentieth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and seven, no Person or Persons that have, or hath, or shall become Bankrupts, shall be Discharged from all or any of his, her or their Debts owing at the time of such Bankruptcy, or be Entitled to any Allowance or Benefit given or provided by the said late act of Parliament made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her now ivlajefties Reign, unless the Allowance thereby given, and the Certificate by the said Act directed to be made and confirmed, shall be first Signed by Four Parts in Five in Number and Value of the Creditors of such Bankrupts, who shall have duly proved their Debts, or some others by them Authorised thereunto, testifying their Consent to such Allowance and Certificate, (Saving and Excepting only such Allowances and Certificates which have been already Made and Granted according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said late AM, which shall be Good and Effectual in the same manner (and no other) as if this present Act had not been made) Anything in the said late Act, or herein contained, to the contrary not with fianding.

III. Provided always, and be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Bond, Bill, Note, contradi, Agreement, or other Security whatsoever to be made or given by any Bankrupt, or by any oth.r Person for him, unto or to the Use of, or. in Truftforany Creditor or Creditors, or for Securing the Payment of any Debt or Sum of Money due from such Bankrupt, at the time of his becoming Bankr ruptor any part thereof, between the time of his becoming a Bankrupt, and the time of such Bankrupts Discharge, as a Consideration, or to the intent to Induce or Persuade him or her to Consent to or Sign any such Allowance or Certificate, shall be wholly Void and of no effedi; And the Moneys thereby Secured or Agreed to be Paid, shall not be Recovered or Recoverable; Anything herein contained, or any Law. Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That where any Commission of Bankrupts shall issue out from and after the said Five and twentieth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and seven, the Commissioners therein named, or the major of them, shall forthwith cause Notice thereof to be given in the Gazette, and shall appoint a Time and Place for the Creditors to Meet, which Meeting, for the City of London, and all Places within the Bills of Mortality, shall be at the Guildhall of the said City, in Order to choose Assignee or Assignees of the Bankrupts Estate;; the said Commissioners, or the major part of them, shall altign every such bankrupt's .Estate and effects unto Such Person or Persons only, and no other, as shall be Nominated and Chosen by the major part of the Creditors then prefenr; And the Assignee or Assignees so chosen, shall be obliged to keep Books of the Account of the Bankrupts Ellate, with Liberty for any of the Creditors to resort to and infpedl them.

V Provided always, That it shall and may be Lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major part of them, as often as they shall see Cause for the better Preserving or Securing the Bankrupts Estate, immediately to appoint and make one or more Assignee or Anignees of the said Estate, or any part thereof, which Assignee or Assignees, or any of them, shall or may be Removed or Displaced at the said Meeting of the Creditors, it the major part of them then present shall so think fit; And such ac iignee or Assignees as shall be so Removed or Displaced, shall Deliver lip* and Assign all the Effcdls and Estate of the Bankrupt, which before that time shall have come to his, her or their Hands or Possession, or shall have been altigned to him, her or them, unto such other Assignee or Assignees as shall be Chosen by the said major part of the Creditors present at such Meeting, and the effects and Estate of the Bankrupt which shall be so Delivered up or afligr.ed, fiaall be to all intents and purposes as effedlualiy Vested in such New Assignee or Assignees, as if the first Assignment had been made to hint, her or them by the said Commissioners: : if any of the said first Assignees shall Refuse or Neglect, by the space of Fourteen Days next after Notice given of the Choice of such New Assignee or Assignees, and of his, her or their Consent to accept such Afiignment, signified to the first Assignee or Assignees, by Writing under his, her or their Hands, to make such Afiignment and Delivery, as aforesaid, every such first Assignee or Assignees dial] respectively Forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above the Value of such Money, Goods and Effects that came to his or their Hands respectively by Virtue of such Afiignment, to be Divided and Diftribuied among the Creditors as the Bankrupts Estate is or ought to be, and to be Recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of Her Majesties Courts of Record at Westminster, by such Person or Persons as the said major part of the Creditors shall appoint to Sue for the same, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or rnoie than one Imparlance shall be allowed; Any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI And be it also further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Assignee or Assignees so to be Chosen, as aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall be and are hereby Empowered to make com pofirions with any Person Debtor or Accomptant to such Bankrupt, where the same shall appear necessary and reasonable, and to take such reasonable part as can upon such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts or Accounts; Any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII And for preventing the taking out Commissions of Bankrupt Fraudulently or Maliciously, Be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commission of Bankrupts under the great Seal of England, shall, after the Five and twentieth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord, One thousand seven hundred and seven, be Awarded or Blued* out against any Person whatsoever, at the Instance, or upon the Petition of any one or more Creditor or Creditors, unless the Single Debt of such Creditor do amount to the Sum of one hundred Pounds or upwards, or unless the Debt of Two Creditors so Petitioning, as aforesaid, lliall amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds, and upwards, or unless the Debt of Three or more Creditors so Petitioning, as aforesaid, shall amount to Two hundred Pounds, and upwards; And the Creditor or Creditors Petitioning for such Commission, shall, before the same be Granted, give Bond to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, in the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, to be Conditioned for Proving his, her their Debts, and also for Proving the Party a Bankrupt at the time of taking out such Commission; And if such Debt or Debts shall not be really due and owing, or if after such Commission taken out it cannot be proved that the Party was a Bankrupt at the time, but on the contrary it shall appear, that such Commission was taken out Fraudulently or Maliciously, That then the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the time being, shall and may, upon Petition of the Party or Parties grieved, Assign such Bond to Recompense him, her or them in Damages; Any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

VIII Provided always, and it is hereby further Declared and Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Farmer, Grazier or Drover of Cattle, or any Person who is or hath been a receiver-general of Taxes Granted by Parliament, shall be Entitled to any of the Benefits given by this or the said late Act made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesties Reign, nor be deemed a Bankrupt within the same, or any former Acts made against Bankrupts; Any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for the space of Two Years, and from thence to the end of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

The END of the Ninth and Last Volume.
